trade shall announce such determination in the Gazette , together with the regulations , restrictions , and securities , intended to be specified in the licence ; and the name of every person who , within a week , shall state in writing to the secretary of the said board , his desire to export the quantity of cotton meant to be exported under the conditions stipulated , shall be put into a glass jar ; and at 12 o'clock on the ninth day after the advertisement shall have been inserted in the Gazette , the secretary of the board of trade shall , in the presence of such of the persons desirous of exporting cotton-wool as may choose to attend , after mixing the names in a manner to preclude all suspicion of preference , draw out of the said jar one of the names therein contained , and his majesty 's licence shall forthwith be granted to the person whose name is so drawn.'—5 . Because , recollecting that within these few days the two houses of parliament have received an unanimous petition of the common council of the city of London , declaring 'that the burdens borne by the people of this country hare been considerably augmented by gross abuses in the management and expenditure of the public money , and by a profusion of sinecure places and pensions , which have not only greatly added to their sufferings , but created a pernicious and dangerous influence , corrupting and undermining the pure and free principles of the British constitution , we dread that 1353 the passing of this bill must give rise to serious and alarming discontent , when it is known that it nay eventually arm the crown , with the power of distributing a sum equal in amount to the sum allowed for defraying the expenditure of his majesty 's civil list , unaccompanied by any check to prevent its being used for the purposes of augmenting to an unparalleled degree that `` pernicious and dangerous influence '' which has so solemnly been stated to parliament by his majesty 's faithful and loyal subjects , the corporation of London , as 'corrupting and undermining the pure and free principles of the British constitution . ' ( Signed , ) Lauderdale , King , Albemarle . '' pursuant to notice , to move for certain papers which had been Alluded to by the noble lord ( G. L. Gower ) , in a debate which took place on the 29th of March , upon a motion of an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sharp ) . The house had heard a great deal of discussion respecting the propriety of quoting from any documents not before the house . He should not now go into a question which had been so often and so fully discussed ; but he apprehended , that the right hon . gent . would agree with him in thinking , that communications , in whatever form they were made , should be made by his majesty 's confidential ministers , and by no one else , under any pretence whatever . The noble lord , therefore , alter communicating the information to which he alluded in debate , whether in a mere official or less official shape , to his government at home , had put it beyond his own controul , and ought not publicly to have disclosed it . The motion which he meant now propose , pointed to two objects ; the first of which was , the production of a paper which accompanied the treaty of alliance between this country and Russia , in . 1805 ; the other was connected with a communication made by the noble lord to his majesty 's secretary of state , in the course of his last mission in 1807 . After the overthrow of the confederacy of 1805 , and the conclusion of the peace of Presburgh , a large mass of papers relative to that confederacy had been thrown upon the table , by lord Mulgrave , then foreign secretary of state , perfectly unsolicited , but