this treaty , in which his highness commits the defence of his dominions , against all his enemies , to the company ? If it were to possess full authority over his troops , as they then were in number , what force would then remain to 1131 the twelfth article of the treaty , in which the nabob engages to consult with the company 's government , arid in concert with them devise the proper objects of reduction in his establishments ? If he were to possess full authority over his subjects , he might employ them as diplomatic agents to any foreign power or state , in violation of the thirteenth clause of this treaty , where the 'nabob engages not to carry on such correspondence , without the knowledge and concurrence of the company.'—Mr . L. would not go more fully into the other clauses of the treaty , for he had said enough to convince the house that this treaty must be construed by that rule of law and reason which taught them , in the interpretation of all public covenants , to consider the whole of the stipulations connected together ; not to regard only some general expressions , that militate , under the construction put upon them , against the specific and most important articles of the covenant . For these obvious reasons , Mr. L. thought the house would agree with him , that the nabob was to possess full authority over his household affairs , hereditary dominions , troops , and subjects , as far as might be consistent with the specific clauses of that treaty.—Of those clauses , the twelfth was that upon which lord Wellesley was first called upon to take any particular measures . His lordship knew , from all the communications , and directions received from the court of directors , that the reduction of the large , useless , and expensive military establishment , within the Oude dominions , was one of their most earnest desires ; and as the vizier was bound by treaty to concert with the companys government the proper objects of these reductions , lord Wellesley required the vizier to carry this intention into effect . During a period of war and Menaced invasion , when reduction was impracticable , the nabob had professed a desire that the reform might be made ; but when a season of peace presented a fit occasion , far from co-operating in this reform , he opposed the deepest artifices and most obstinate delays , until the season of produce and collection having arrived , the difficulties of this reform were greatly aggravated . To fulfil this indispensible measure , and , at the same time , to protect the dominions of Oude from foreign invasion , lord Wellesley introduced an additional number of the company 's troops into the province ; and after a long struggle on the part of the nabob , and 1132 frequent mutinies amongst his troops , they were reduced , from the number of 65,000 men , to about 45,000 men . After a deliberate examination of the treaty , and of the papers upon this subject , the conviction of Mr. Lushington 's mind was this , that lord Wellesley , in the reduction of the troops , did too little , and not too much . For the foundation of this impression he referred to the twelfth article of the treaty , to the explanation given of it by lord Teigmnouth and the nabob himself , from which it was clear , that the nabobs troops were to be reduced to 35,000 men at least , or still lower if necessary , to secure the payments under the treaty . Mr. Lushington here read to the house the article of the treaty , and the explanations of lord Teignmouth and the vizier , to which he alluded.—'Whereas , by the engagement now entered into between the nabob vizier , and the company , the amount of the subsidy is considerably increased , and many other permanent charges upon his excellency are incurred ; on a comparison of his disbursements