with the principles of the alliance , and injurious to the interests and reputation of the British government , by exciting a general apprehension , that it is our object to establish the entire ascendancy and controul of the British power in India . '' And again , in the same letter , he adds , `` The governor-general observes , with great regret , the degree of interference exercised by the British government through the channel of its representative in the internal administration of the government of Hydrabad . It appears to his lordship to have entirely changed the nature of the relations originally established between the British government and the state of Hydrabad . His lordship is aware , that this undesirable degree of interference and ascendancy in the councils of the state of Hydrabad , is to be ascribed to the gradual decay of the energies of government , and to the defect of efficient instruments of authority . But the evils , which appear to his lordship to be the natural result of such a system of interference and paramount ascendancy in the government of Hydrabad , greatly exceed those , which the maintenance of that system is calculated to prevent ; a system rendered more dangerous at the present moment , by the probable effects of a belief , which , however unjust , appears to be too generally entertained , of a systematic design on the part of the British government to establish its controul and authority over every state in India . `` —So much for lord Cornwallis 's opinion of our right to interfere at all , much less to the extent which would justify by example , our conduct to the nabob of Oude . What too has 1096 been the opinion of lord Teignmouth , as to this extent of right : look through all his letters whilst he was governor general ; there one instance in which he hints at the right of using force , to render interference valid ? Does he not uniformly limit the interference to remonstrance and abvice ? But read his evidence delivered at your bar , and in the hands of every member of this house ; is there one tittle of it which justifies the use of force to accomplish even the purposes of reform ? On the contrary , is there not an express and reiterated disclaimer of it ? —Did he not , in fact , remove Mr. Cherry from his situation as resident , because he had used improper language ( that of intimidation ) to the nabob . I can not imagine what has induced the right hon . baronet to rest the defence of his patron on conduct so dissimilar . Even were he correct in this statement , how could the conduct of lord Cornwallis , and lord Teignmouth , before the year 1798 , when the treaty of Lucknow was concluded , justify lord Wellesley 's conduct since ? It is the violation of that treaty he is charged with—of that treaty which stipulated charged the non-interference of the British government `` in his dominions or with his troops and subjects . '' All arguments therefore founded on the conduct of our government previously to it , fall to the ground . By that article , if you ever had the right , you had expressly covenanted to give it up . On the right therefore I will not waste another word.—But for argument sake , suppose the right , where was the necessity of its exercise at the moment ? It has been said that the troops of the nabob were mutinous , disaffected , and inefficient , and that this justified their reform . Neither the right hon . baronet , nor any other gentleman , have favoured us with one tittle of proof of the disaffection , except that when Zemaun Shah threatened to invade Oude , the nabob was apprehensive of his person , and requested some British troops at Lucknow . But is the real cause assigned of this request ? are we told ( as in fairness we ought