tide . replied to the different arguments which had been adduced in support of the clause ; which , on being put , was carried , and the amendment negatived without a division . presented a petition signed by 50,000 persons , inhabitants of Manchester and its vicinity , praying the house to address the king , to neglect no opportunity of entering into a negociation for peace ; and to afford such relief as in their wisdom might appear suited to the emergency of the case . The petition contained a vivid description of the distressed situation of the persons whose names were subscribed ; and stated their conviction that their distress arose from ' the continuance of the war . said that this petition , signed by 50,000 persons , in addition to the thousands who had petitioned before , laid a great weight of responsibility on ministers . An insinuation had been thrown out , that some gentlemen on his side had had recourse to artifice , in order to encourage these petitions . He knew nothing of any such artifice ; and firmly believed , that this petition was wrung from the persons subscribing it by their distresses . The language of the petition was unexceptionable , and even highly respectful . Unless ministers , therefore , shelved a serious disposition to enter into a negociation , it would be the duty of the house to interfere , and address the throne on the subject.—The Petition was ordered to lie on the table . moved the consideration of the London , Liverpool , Manchester , & c. petition , against the Orders in Council . This was agreed to , and counsel was ordered to be called in . Mr. Brougham was heard at the bar , as counsel in behalf of the merchants , traders , and others , concerned in the trade between America and this country , and resident in the city of London , and towns of Liverpool and Manchester . The learned counsel , having stated the case of the petitioners with perspicuity and conciseness , 1183 proceeded to call his witnesses . The first was G. W. Wood , a partner in an extensive cotton manufactory in Manchester . The object of his deposition was to prove , that the trade of that firm had considerably decreased in consequence of the Orders in Council . The next witness was a Mr. S. Phillips , whose testimony was to much the same purport . The next witness was a Mr. Palmer , a clerk or agent to the home of Guest and Co. in America.—The learned counsel then stated , that he should next call Mr. Alex . Glennie , for the purpose of proving the interruption given to the course of the remittances between this country and America , by the operation of the Orders in Council . Mr. Glennie was called accordingly , and underwent a long examination.—On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the further consideration of the Petitions was postponed to Tuesday . and addressed the house as follows : —I am now , sir , to , intreat your attention , and the attention of the house , to a motion of which I some time since gave notice ; but , sir , in giving that notice then , and now in rising to perform the promise implied in it , I am afraid that I have suffered myself to be too much influenced by irresistible feelings of disapprobation respecting the expedition to Copenhagen , and by those of deep regret for its consequences , and too little by a proper regard to my own want of pretensions to that indulgence from the house , which I have risen to solicit . I will not , however , sir , diminish that small claim to the accustomed generosity of the house , which every member may hope that he has not forfeited , by occupying one moment of its time with a topic that must be so little interesting to it , as the feelings and difficulties of an individual.—And yet ,