uncertainty on the part of the right hon . secretary , in acceding to the motion before the house ; his language was—'You may have this , and perhaps you might have that ; but investigation is not necessary , because no charges are brought against you . ' He denied the assertion : charges were brought , and those of the most serious nature ; no less than those of having brought disgrace upon his majesty 's character , and tarnished the splendour of his arms , by seizing upon Alexandria from a power with whom we were on terms of amity , without any declaration of hostility , and sending an expedition against Constantinople without a military force to support it . It was against those charges that his right . hon . friend 496 wished to vindicate their characters , by a full investigation of their conduct ; and it might as well be said , that courts-martial , such as that now going on at Chelsea , were vain and useless , as an investigation of the conduct of public ministers , whose honour and characters were implicated , arid who had a right to demand a fair trial , and be either acquitted or condemned in the face of their country . He hoped , not only that the papers moved for would be granted , but even others which his hon . friends might deem necessary , to the fullest information of parliament and their own Vindication . in explanation , denied that he felt any pleasure , or expressed any applause when his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) was reading the extracts from official dispatches , alluded to by the right hon . gent . who spoke last . On the contrary , much as he admired the speech of his right hon . friend , he had no hesitation in saying , that he highly disapproved of the introduction of the extracts referred to , because such a practice appeared to him quite inconsistent with fairness in debate . thought the papers should be produced . An hon . gent . had made a motion , accompanied with observations , pointedly criminating the gentlemen opposite , who wished for the papers to enable them to meet the accusation . Unless , therefore , the production of the papers would be attended with public inconvenience , which did not appear to he the case , he could see no ground for withholding them . He defended the Admiralty from the imputation of having acted in an unmanly and uncandid manner to the right hon . gent . If they had suppressed , or if they had burned , his communications , they might have justly been so accused ; but by returning them , they gave him the opportunity of bringing them before the public in any other shape which he chose . would have been better pleased , if papers had been called for which would have thrown a light on the planning of the expedition , rather than on the execution of it ; he thought that the admiralty were bound to refuse the right gent . 's letters as they had done . made a short reply.—The question was then put on the first motion , which was carried , with the omission of that part which related to the Secret Articles in the treaty with the Ottoman 497 Porte , and the regulations for British ships passing the Dardanelles . consistently with his declared opinion that investigation was not necessary , moved an amendment in the motion respecting the correspondence between his majesty 's secretary of state and Mr. Arbuthnot , resident at Constantinople , relative to and connected with the causes of hostilities with Turkey , by omitting every thing after the word 'relative , ' and inserting , 'the causes of hostilities now existing with the Ottoman Porte . '—The motion , as amended , was then put and carried . The following are copies of the papers moved for . The following are copies of the Papers presented to the House of Commons