American grower , would thus ensure us a constant supply , convinced as they would in that event be , that a ready market for their commodity would be found , if not with us , yet in some other quarter . The 1351 noble lord concluded with expressing his conviction that the government would act the wiser part by forbearing to interfere in matters of trade , and leaving it to be regulated by the , natural influence of its own operation . The question on the third reading being called for , the house divided : Contents 44 ; Not-Contents 13 ; Majority 31 . `` Dissentient ; 1 . Because , as this bill prohibits the exportation of all cotton wool , and the Orders of Council of the 11th and 25th of Nov. 1807 , force into British ports the whole of that commodity sent by America for the supply of foreign states , the quantity brought by these and other means into the British market must be so great , in proportion to the demand , as to reduce the value of that commodity to a trifle . When we consider , therefore , that the usual exportation of cotton wool from America , is 250,000 bags , amounting , at 12l . per bag , to the value of 3 millions sterling , we conceive that this is not only a gross violation of the law of nations , but the most substantial injury ever inflicted on a friendly and independent state . 2 . Because this reduction of the value of cotton wool , will discourage the growth of it to a degree that , on the return of peace , when the demand for our cotton goods revives , must deeply injure this extensive branch of our manufactures , by producing a deficiency in the supply , and consequent dearness , of the raw material . 3 . Because , much as we regret the unwarrantable provocation given to the U . States of America , and the injury thus inflicted on our manufactures , we feel with still deeper affliction the evil with which this bill threatens the constitution of our country.—Whilst it prohibits the exportation of cotton-wool , it permits his majesty , by licence under his sign manual , to authorize any person to export from Great Britain any quantity of cotton-wool , under such regulations , restrictions , and securities , as may be specified in the licence ; and thus confers on the crown a legal right to arrange and share out the trade in a most valuable commodity ; a principle which , if extended to other articles , must create a new and alarming source of influence , almost boundless in the extent to which it may be carried.—Even when confined to the present instance of cotton-wool , it appears to us a most dangerous extension of the patronage of the crown . We believe there is no intelligent merchant who must not think , 1352 that by the prohibition to export cotton-wool , the value of that article will suffer a diminution to the amount at least of one million sterling . It is plan , therefore , that if his majesty can , by granting licences , supply the markets to which cotton-wool went before this unwarrantable interruption of the trade , —as the commodity , with the restoration of demand , must resume its value , this immense sum may be corruptly distributed by the executive government , by giving licences to persons whose political conduct it may wish to influence.— 4 . Because we think there is just reason to believe , that this measure is adopted with a view to create the undue influence with which it arms the executive government ; for the following clause , which tends to do away the influence the bill confers , without deranging the system it means to establish , was rejected by the house : 'Provided always , that when his majesty shall determine , by licence , to authorize the exportation of any given quantity of cotton-wool , the board of