long been the enemy of Sweden ; Russia probably had become so . Denmark was rendered the ally of France , and thus by refraining from dismantling Zealand , Sweden was . exposed to the greatest danger . All these considerations pressed with the greatest urgency for the fullest information on the subject . There did not appear to him the slightest justification of the 'conduct of ministers with regard to Denmark . If they could justify themselves for the acts that they had committed , then they could not justify themselves for the acts that they had not committed . In commencing the war , in carrying on the war , in the mode of seeking for peace , in all , he thought them completely wrong , and on all , he demanded the fullest information . Above all , he trusted that he should never hear such transactions as the Expedition to Copenhagen justified , on the ground that statesmen and nations were absolved from an observance of the laws of morality . On , what principle were they so absolved ? Did not the same Divine Providence which watched the conduct of individuals , watch also that of States ? Look , '' said the right hon . gent , `` at your conduct with respect to America . When you departed from the rules of justice and morality , you lost America . France interfered , and she had no right to interfere . She interfered not for the purpose of emancipating America , but of weakening England , and thereby strengthening and aggrandizing herself . But the government which thus interfered , has been punished for it . The principles which the French armies learnt in that country , became the seeds of that Revolution which overwhelmed the government , scattered the royal family which sent them across the Atlantic , and compelled them to seek an asylum in this country . Were there no other instances ? He would beg these philosophers of the modern school to study in the book he should , open to them . Let them look at the partition of 267 Poland : there they would read that Prussia , the prime agent in that detestable confederacy to destroy not only the power , but the very name of an independent state , had been deprived of her share of the robbery , and reduced to the most abject and deplorable state . There they would see Austria and Russia scrambling for their part of the spoil , and crouching at the feet of Buonaparte . Who could say , that the justice of Providence was not evident in all this ? The chief object of the Resolusions he had to propose was , if possible , to obtain such information as must satisfy him that ministers were justifiable in what they had done . He was anxious the character of the country should stand as fair as it always had done , and that it should not be made a reproach to us , that at the very time we were most vehement in condemning the atrocity of France , we went far beyond it . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving his first Resolution : viz . `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before the house , the substance and dates of all information transmitted by his majesty 's minister at the court of Copenhagen , during the last year , respecting the Naval Force of Denmark ; and particularly respecting any measures taken for augmenting the same , or putting it in a state of better preparation , or for collecting seamen for the purpose of manning the same , or any part thereof . '' then rose . He commenced his reply by observing , that the moment was at length arrived , when the gentlemen opposite , so peculiarly qualified by their own splendid achievements , to enquire into the conduct of their successors , had , by a worthy selection