should be appointed to select such cases as might be found applicable to the matter then under their lordships consideration , and then the house could more easily judge from those cases than from the partial ones produced during the debate . Their lordships then divided on lord Grenville 's motion , for rejecting the bill . Contents 25 Proxies 34—52 Non contents 66 Proxies 63—120 Majority —70 [ PROTEST AGAINST THE ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL . ] The order of the day being read , resuming the adjourned debate on the motion to reject the Bill entituled `` An Act for granting to his majesty until the end of the next session of parliament , Duties of Customs on the Goods , Wares , and Merchandize herein enumerated , in furtherance of time provisions of certain Orders in Council . '' The Standing Order No . 25. was read after long debate.—The question was put , whether the said Bill shall be rejected ; it was resolved in the negative . `` DISSENTIENT : Because the annexing any clause or clauses to a Bill of Aid or Supply , the matter of which is foreign to , and different from the matter of the said Bill of Aid or Supply , is unparliamentary , and tends to the destruction of the constitution of this government.—Grenville , Vassal Holland , Cawdor , Lauderdale , Auckland , Ponsonby , Grey , Carysfort , Erskine , Jersey , Spencer , Nugent , ( Buckinghamshire , ) Cholmondeley , Crewe , Clifton , Stafford , Ponsonby , ( Imohilly , ) Albemarle , Cowper , Essex . '' `` DISSENTIENT : 1st , Because , such has been the anxiety to maintain inviolate the true spirit of the Standing Order of this house , No . 25 , declaring 'The annexing any clause or clauses to a Bill of Aid or . Supply , the matter of which is foreign to or different from the matter of the said Bill of Aid or Supply , is unparliamentary , and tends to the destruction of the constitution of this government : ' that Bills not of Aid or Supply , if they contained a clause imposing a duty upon his majesty 's 1155 subjects , have been recently rejected , on the ground , that regulation , though not altogether unconnected with the purpose for which such duty was imposed , might be considered as foreign to and different from the aid given to the use of his majesty by such clause.—For we observe in the entry on the Journals of this house , on the 3d of Aug. 1807 , that a bill entituled 'An Act for abolishing fees received by officers in the service of the customs in the several ports of Ireland , and for making compensation to the said officers , and for regulating the hours of attendance , and the number of holidays to be observed by them , ' was , after reading the said Standing Order , rejected ; the following lords being that day marked as present.—The duke of Cumberland , lord chancellor Eldon , the duke of Portland , viscount Melville , lord Redesdale , lord Erskine , viscount Sidmouth , Longueville , bishop of Oxford , archbishop of Canterbury , earl of Cholmondeley , Selkirk , Balcarras , Glasgow , Graham , Buckinghamshire , Grosvenor , Kingston , Limerick , Normanton , viscount Carleton , lord Napier , Holland , Walsingham , Hood of Cath , Arden , Rawdon , Lauderdale , Boringdon , Douglas of Lochleven , Stewart of Garlies.—2d , Because it appears to us , that the Bill entituled 'An act for granting to his majesty until the end of the next Session of Parliament , Duties of Customs on the Goods , Wares and Merchandize herein enumerated , in furtherance of the provisions of certain Orders in Council ; the motion for the rejection of which has been negatived by this house , is a Bill of Aid or Supply , and that it contains , 1 . A clause , which as it at present stands , clearly prohibits