issue his declaration , because he was not to leave his courts to infer what was the law of nations , but the king 's declaration did not alter the law of nations , but was to be justified by that law . He had never heard nor ever read in any book upon the subject , that the parliament had ever enacted any thing upon the law of nations , or had ever complained of the king 's right to declare war or contraband of war . Municipal law could never regulate upon this point . When the crown was intrusted with the power of making war , it should not be deprived of the means of carrying it on with vigour and effect . The question respecting the law of nations was out of the jurisdiction and competence of parliament , and much more now than last year , when the noble lord said that it would not be safe to lay papers of this kind before parliament . The words of an act of parliament might unintentionally trench upon the prerogative , so might the words of an Order of Council upon an act of parlia- 336 ment . The question therefore , was , not whether an indemnity was necessary , but whether the law of nations had been violated.—An allusion had been particularly made to one of the Orders , that respecting Certificates of Origin . The Decree requiring these certificates had been said by his learned friend to be a mere municipal regulation . He considered these certificates of origin as a prohibition of neutrals from carrying British goods , and contended that this was a breach of the law of nations ; and that neutrals , by thus admitting that France had the power to legislate for them , made themselves her instruments against us . Persons entertained strange notions of the law of nations , when they supposed that a nation could not perform an act of vigour for its own preservation , without violating the rule of its conduct . But this could not be a violation of the rule , for the case was out of the rule . When the enemy abandoned the rule , it was our duty not to be bound by it , but to inflict that injury upon him which he intended for us , until we forced him to peace . If France could continue to enjoy all the advantages of commerce through neutral trade , whilst we were suffering every injury that could result from her decrees , she would have no motive to peace , and this country would soon be reduced to the alternative , either of submitting to peace upon any terms , or of continuing the war to an endless period . He thought that Europe might be made to feel , that a maritime power was much less dependant upon Europe than the continent was upon the maritime power . He would not suffer his country to perish , merely because the measures which were necessary for its preservation might press upon neutral commerce , which Buonaparte had before violated . There was no contract without a , reciprocal obligation , and if neutrals did not oblige the other party to adhere to the law of nations , they could not complain of us for not adhering to it . Upon these grounds , he saw no reason to question the propriety of these Orders in Council , which would not impeach the , Order of Jan. 1807 , issued by an administration which certainly claimed to possess a great portion of all the talent , wisdom , and consideration , of the country . Such an administration could not have taken such a measure , without due deliberation . They could certainly not say now , if they had altered their opinion upon the question , that it was lawful for them alone to 337 violate the law of nations , and that the door was shut against all infraction of that law from the moment when they retired from office . It was now a time