taken thereon , up to the present hour , for removing the unfounded apprehensions of the American government on a point to which they appear to have attached so much importance . And that by this omission , much unnecessary irritation has been suffered to prevail in America , long after it was in the power of his majesty 's ministers to have effectually removed the same ; and fresh obstacles to conciliation and friendship have thus wantonly been interposed.—5 . That it is , therefore , the opinion of this house , that the said Orders are in themselves unjust and impolitic ; that the issuing of them at the time , and under the circumstances , above mentioned , was an act of the utmost improvidence and rashness : and that by abruptly breaking off a friendly negotiation , and withholding a satisfactory explanation on a point , on which it might have been given with so much ease and advantage , his majesty 's ministers have acted in diregard of our true policy , which is to cultivate the friendship of a nation , whose interests and prosperity are so intimately interwoven with our own ; and have conducted themselves in a manner the least adapted to enable his majesty to maintain that maritime superiority , on which the greatness , and even the existence , of his empire so much depend . '' contended , that the Order of blockade , issued by the late administration in May , 1806 , produced the Berlin decree in Nov. 1806 , which gave birth to the Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. 1807 , which produced the further and more severe decree of 1278 the French government against commerce , and which rendered necessary the Orders in Council of November , 1807 . The noble lord also contended , that the conduct of the late administration , in throwing Russia into the arms of France , occasioned the loss of Portugal , which rendered necessary the expedition to Copenhagen . With respect to the Order of the 7th of Jan. he maintained , that its legal construction went far beyond the interpretation put upon it by noble lords on the other side , and it was thought by ministers a preferable mode of conduct to leave the Note of Mr. Madison unanswered , and to wait the result of the treaty The Orders in Council , his lordship contended , were necessary , in order to maintain our own commerce , and to prevent the enemy from enjoying all the advantages of peace , through the medium of an extensive neutral commerce , whilst our own trade was suffering under depression . maintained , that the true interpretation of the Order of the 7th of Jan. was to be found in the Note of lord Howick to Mr. Rist , and contended , that ministers ought to have made that interpretation the basis of a communication on the subject to the American government . followed on the same side , and contended , that the Order of the 7th of Jan. was strictly within the law of nations , whilst the Orders of Nov. last were wholly contrary to that law . said , he had not intended to have troubled their lordships any more on this subject , as it had been most ably discussed by his noble friend ; but , what fell from the noble earl opposite by way of invective , and to raise a laugh against the late ministers , induced him to break silence . The noble lord had stated , '' that the cruel attack on Copenhagen was caused by his majesty 's late ministers : the argument that had been adduced to prove it , was too weak to require an answer , and he would pass the assertion with what it deserved—contempt . But the great question for noble lords to consider was , whether the measure of the late Orders in Council was a good one or not ? denied that the interpretation given by noble lords on the other side , to the Order of