of each to render that suffering as little injurious as possible . I certainly must justify the forbearance of the former ministry ; but in doing so , I think it can not be argued that if their measure was found insufficient for the purposes intended , others more vigorous should not be adopted , in order to remove those inconveniences this country was likely to undergo in consequence of French measures . What , then 668 followed the measure of the last government , dated the 7th of Jan. ? Did neutral nations interpose ? Did the three nations whom the French Decrees materially affected interpose , in order to get them removed ? Did Denmark , Portugal , or America interpose ? I have not understood that any of these powers did endeavour to do so . On the contrary , I think we have a pretty strong Note now laid before the house , which was presented by the Danish government , complaining of the injustice of the Decree issued by G. Britain , but no inclination was evinced to revoke the previous Decree of France , nor intimating any sense of the forbearance of this country . That Note I think seems to be sounding pretty much of an Armed Neutrality , the favourite measure which Denmark has all along been aiming at ; a measure on a principle which , once adopted and carried into effect , so as to increase the maritime power of the nations on the continent , must put an end to the maritime power of G. Britain . Such has all along been the disposition of Denmark . As to Portugal , such was the unfortunate situation of that country , that with every disposition to do justice to her allies , it could not be supposed that she could venture to interfere to procure a revocation of the French Decree , when she was obviously udder the necessity of endeavouring to purchase her own neutrality . So far from her being able to do so , it was well known that the port of Lisbon was made the entrepôt for violating the Decree we issued upon the 7th of Jan. and breaking through the prohibition of trading from one port to another . The country from which we had reason to expect the effectual interposition , was the United States of America . Upon a former occasion that country attempted what it was called upon to do , at least so far as respected its own honour . It may be in the recollection of the house , that there was a Decree somewhat similar to the present one issued by the French government in the beginning of Jan. 1798 , when that decree was noticed in the President 's speech , as most injurious to America , and stated to be a measure that could not be suffered to exist , without violating the independence of their country . That speech strongly showed what were then the feelings and the intentions of the United States upon this subject . It showed that it was then deemed to be an unjust attack against neutral rights , and that they owned that nothing but a thorough resist- 669 ance to it could rescue them from its pernicious effects . Such was the sense of America upon the Decree of 1798 . What , now , has been the sense of America upon the Decree of 1806 ? We have a right to look to that Government for the same sort of conduct upon that subject , when there was the same sort of Decree issued by France , with the addition of declaring the British Isles in a state of blockade . Was it too much to expect of America , that on being informed of that Decree , she should consider it as a measure issued totally regard less of her rights and independence ? Was it too much to expect that she would make a firm resistance to oppose its consequences ? We shall suppose , then , that America did actually interpose , and the question must