by all the inhabitants , and to be exhibited by them as a spectacle to travellers and navigators , for their execration of those who 293 committed the ravage , their scorn of their proffered alliance , and their pity for the unfortunate sufferers ! A patriotic Dane might leave his money , not to build , but to keep in repair the ruins we had made—to excite a recollection of the transaction , and the abhorrence of this country for the injury done to Denmark by its government . In this policy he feared we had been playing a losing , game . If it was al , low , and degrading , what could be said in its justification ? Some might be enamoured of it by the love of plunder , and some might weakly cry out , O ! give us safety , give us safety , at all events ! ' The value of our gain would be soon gone ; but our loss , he feared , was perpetual : time would teach some of the young members of this house , by her awful lessons , the importance of justice , and the punishments that awaited its violation . He would recommend to them to recollect the lines they had read in their spelling-books , which were homely , but well calculated to show the value of experience , When house and land are gone and spent , Then learning is most excellent . When experience and reflection shall have taught them the bad effects of injustice , they would , perhaps , recollect the gentleman to whom they are indebted for the hard lessons they are to be taught . He was amazed to hear the acclamations with which the declaration had been received , and shocked to hear the loud support given to the right hon . gent . by his friends for the act he had justified and assumed merit to himself for performing . There was , in the estimation of some , a sort of spirit and genius in going out of the usual track , and in breaking through all those rules which were established and recognized , because they were materially useful to the world . He recollected a sentiment in the letters of Junius that was somewhat applicable : 'Good faith and folly had been so long in opposition , that the reverse was now in fashion ; and the man without principle was considered as a man of ability . ' There was no victory so easy , as a victory over morality . It was open to every invader . It made little or no resistance . Obligations and restrictions were as easy to oppose as air to those who were resolved to encounter them . But he feared the power of their re-action upon the long run . Generally , the authors might escape , nobody knew how , or perhaps enquired where : but the country might be lost . What they called a , noble sally of adventurous minds 294 might cost others tears of blood . Such systems he detested . He never could endure that shocking , disgraceful , Spanish war , with all its plunder : the ships were known to be at sea richly laden , and we attacked them for the plunder . He would grant that we had got an abundance of dollars ; but the consequences might come years afterwards ; and the misfortune was , that people did not always trace them back to their true causes . How did we know that the present degraded state of Spain was not owing to that piratical transaction ? The right hon . secretary vapoured and bragged of what he had done , and some others had been found to add their boastings . They talked flippantly about former losses—battles of Jena and Friedland ; and mentioned recent exploits , such as that of Copenhagen ! This was all very pretty ; but we were suffering the shame . He had , indeed , hoped , that the character of this country would have