, producing incalculable benefits both to them and to ourselves.—Sir , I could not congratulate his majesty on this success against his , neighbour , and his kinsman ; I could not , ,participate in 1187 this wretched triumph , nor could the people of England , unless they looked for such a vindication ; for if they had , their joy would have been as absurd and as dreadful as that of an infant delighted with the blaze of its own garments on fire . Sir , the burthen of proof lies heavily on those who advised his majesty so to employ his navy and his army.—Every man must hold such an unprovoked breach of neutrality in abhorrence , unless it be unanswerably justified , and those who have bestowed upon it an approbation before enquiry , are now entitled , are now called upon to retract that approbation , unless they have proof that the necessity was not to be resisted , and the violence not to be avoided . What , sir , has been the conduct of ministers ? they seem to have formed themselves into a Society for the Suppression of Papers . They have denied all the material documents , and have only granted others to answer private purposes . They have denied to parliament what ought to have been the materials of their defence , and have compelled us to bring them to trial without the evidence to which we had a right . They stand at the bar , sir , by their own fault , under the strong , the natural prejudice , that either their allegations are wholly unfounded , or that if they do possess any knowledge from which parliament is excluded , that the effect of that knowledge would have been to condemn and not to acquit them . ? Sir , they must be either condemned or acquitted . Parliament , as it values its own character both abroad and at home , must pronounce a sentence on this transaction , and as scrupulously , as if sworn to determine according to that evidence . This country , sir , Europe , the world , expect that we shall do our duty strictly . And the world will esteem or despise parliament as it conducts itself on this great , this serious occasion.—Sir , I own that there is one discouragement that I feel , for it is not possible to conjecture what may be the result even if their violence be condemned , since , unhappily , sir , we have too recent an experience , that a verdict of guilty pronounced by an awful tribunal may lead to reward ; a sentence of condemnation , may be a title to promotion . But , sir , I own that I am not discouraged by a recollection of the majorities that have hitherto supported ministers , ( although , sir , such is my reverence for a majority , and so parliamentary is its nature , that a majority 1188 of one is entitled to as much respect as of an hundred , ) because , sir , fortunately We have lately learnt that a resolution sanctioned by the whole chorus of the majority may be rescinded by the same majority , and that papers denied when wanted to elucidate the proceedings by which the safety and honour of England were endangered , will be granted , when any one of his majesty 's servants thinks such papers are necessary to his own vindication . Since majorities can so easily change their opinions for such purposes , it is but treating them handsomely to suppose , that a similar change may take place when such a change is demanded by their duty and their consciences.—The facts of this astonishing event are few and striking . In a season of profound peace with Denmark , and in truth at a time of increased communication and connection with that neighbouring kingdom , a large British army and fleet sail to the attack of its capital , invest it , besiege it , fire it , bring destruction on