as an excuse , he prevailed upon him to comply , by assuring him that he would only have the duty to perform for one year , and that he should have the salary for life . All promises and engagements of this nature which the noble lord had entered into , had been most scrupulously observed ; but , unfortunately , every promise which he had made to the people seemed to be utterly forgotten . made a few observations in reply to some suggestions thrown out by Mr. Davies Giddy , for the establishment of a fund for the purpose of remunerating distinguished public services . whether he was to , understand that the bill , in its present form , would have the full and cordial support of his majesty 's ministers ? [ No answer was given . ] contended , that after the abuses which had been enumerated by the right hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) , whose accuracy could not be questioned , and which he had given as but a small specimen of those which he knew to exist , it 1339 must be obvious that there was no part of the prerogative which was more abused than the power of granting offices in reversion . The house of commons had been frequently called upon in the course of the present and the late war , to grant rewards to those who , by eminent and splendid services , had recommended themselves to the gratitude of the country , and he trusted that they would have many more calls of a similar kind to answer ; but , he appealed to the recollection of any member of the committee , whether he remembered to have heard of such services being rewarded with offices which it had been customary to grant in reversion ; though the crown was certainly in possession of the means of amply rewarding , from this fund alone , services the most conspicuous and brilliant . The chancellor of the exchequer had said , that this was the cheapest mode of remunerating public services , and his lordship was very much afraid that promises and expectations were too often the only way in which the meritorious servants of the public were rewarded . With respect to the present bill , he thought that the honour and character of the house were staked upon the measure ; and that though it was important in itself , it had acquired an additional importance from this circumstance , independent of its own intrinsic merits . The right hon . gent , had told the committee ( and his lordship confessed that he had heard him with not a little astonishment ) , that it was possible for the house of commons to send up the bill to the house of lords , in such a shape as not to merit even common attention from their lordships . Such was the language held by that right hon . gent . who united in himself the two offices of chancellor of the exchequer , and of a zealous and strenuous advocate for the dignity and honour of the house of lords ! His lordship , however , reminded the committee , that the house of commons possessed the means of enforcing attention to their measures ; or , at least , if they did not , their ancestors had them . He hoped , therefore , that they would shew the people that they were not wholly wanting in that spirit which had animated their forefathers ; and that they would persevere till they had attained their object , with a firm determination to do their duty , discouraged by no difficulties , and undaunted by the frown of princes . He begged pardon for the warmth with which he expressed himself , but it was excited by the expres- 1340 sion which had fallen from the right hon . gent . which he had heard with a mixture of surprize and indignation . He should accede to the bill , in its present shape , hoping that , at a future