interfere with those whose duty it was to suggest and propose what they conceived proper upon such an occasion . said , that he never rose with greater satisfaction than he did in supporting this motion , for if ever there was a man entitled to the gratitude and esteem of his country , it was lord Lake . He was unwilling to detract from the merits of lord Howe , but he could not help thinking , that the eminent services of lord Lake , in India , were of infinitely greater importance to the country , and well entitled him to that monument which was proposed to be raised to his memory . said , that he had information which induced him to believe , that although lord Lake might have died worth only 40,000l . he brought with him from India nearer 140,000l . He thought that in all such cases a committee should be appointed to inquire into the actual circumstances of those who claimed pensions . If lord Lake 's poverty proceeded merely from his neglecting to embrace the opportunities which presented themselves to him of enriching himself , it would be the brightest jewel in his character . He had , however , reason to believe that such was not the fact . He had , however , no objection to the peerage being accompanied with a pension , as he thought not only dignity but independence should be attached to a peerage . He had understood , that the real cause of lord Lake 's dying in such moderate circumstances , was , that he had honourably discharged out of the money he made in India , those immense debts which he had previously contracted in this country . said , that it was very true that lord Lake was greatly in debt previous to his going to India , and to the discharge of those debts , the residue of his pay and appointments , after the necessary expense of his establishment was deducted , was constantly applied , and paid over to an agent that went from England for that purpose . As to the circumstances of lord Lake 's family , he knew that his family estate only amounted to about 800l . a year , and that the money that he died worth was only from 35,000l . to 40,000l . 793 Such being the actual state of his circumstances , it was evident that the dignity of the peerage could not be supported by his successor , nor his family provided for , unless the house should agree to grant the pension . did not deny that lord Lake had performed great services ; but still he did not think those services of so pre-eminent a nature as to be entitled to such extraordinary rewards . In the actual circumstances of lord Lake 's family , he could not object to the usual pension of 2,000l . per annum , although he must object to the additional grant . Applications to the house for pensions of this description were made on the ground of services , and not of poverty . When the great duke of Marlborough rendered the nation important services , they were most munificently rewarded . The munificence of the nation in this respect , was not on account of the circumstances of the duke of Marlborough , for he was not a poor man , but it was proportioned to the services he had performed . If lord Lake had performed services of that description , the reward would have gone on the same principle . He believed that lord Lake was a very brave officer , and much beloved by the army ; but mere gallantry as an officer did not entitle any man to claim such rewards . If it were so , the hon . generals who had spoken might also claim pensions of 2,000l . a year : although the house might be very well prepared to admit their merits , yet they would be very unwilling to grant them the pensions . In the present case , he saw