ministers could not have prevented the quarrel between France and Prussia , nor that defeat which was so disastrous to the Prussian nation ; but although it was out of their power to give any effectual succour to Prussia , yet in the next campaign , which ended so unfortunately , but which began so fortunately— [ Here lord Grey asked across the house , when or where it was fortunate ? ] He meant when the power of Russia had been brought into the field to support Prussia , then the cause of the continent appeared to be by no means in so desperate a state as the late ministers seemed to consider it . If it were allowed that the French succeeded principally by superiority of numbers , then it might be supposed that a great part of that superiority might have been taken off by proper co-operation , especially as it was allowed that Sweden was ready to co-operate with its whole strength . He agreed with the noble lord also in the principle he laid down , that he would not grant a larger loan to any foreign power than he would a subsidy , as it might be expected that such loan would fall ultimately upon this country , and that a , larger sum would be asked in the way of loan than would be demanded as a subsidy . He thought the sum of six millions was too great to give to the emperor of Russia , either as subsidy or loan ; but it did not follow that because that sum was too large , ministers should have drily refused him and not given any thing . It was natural for the power who asked assistance to name the highest sum , but it did not follow that if that was too great , no assistance at all should be given . Although he should have objected to 6 millions , yet , when he considered that it was a campaign upon which the last stake of Europe was depending , he should not have objected to three millions , either as a subsidy , or , if it was more gratifying to the pride of Russia , as a loan . He thought , 441 then , the late ministers were wrong in not giving , at least , that pecuniary assistance which the circumstances required , and which our allies had a right to expect . He thought also , that , although he did not charge them with any positive breach of promise or violation of any express assurance of co-operation , yet that they had by their expressions held out a hope , and induced a belief in the allies that it was their intention to co-operate . Those hopes and expectations had been deceived , and the continent were now taught to look upon this country as a nation that goaded others , but which avoided partaking in the dangers and losses of a continental war . He thought it would have been better to have run the risk of a loss of troops , than to lose our national honour , and be considered a country which would involve others in dangers , which we ourselves would decline . He also thought that the late ministers had been wrong in talking of co-operations , when they made no preparations for that purpose . So far from having a proper number of transports ready , they actually discharged in the month of March many transports , which had before been in the service of government . After a variety of observations on the other parts of the speech of the noble lord , his lordship concluded with expressing a readiness to grant many of the papers moved for ; but there were some which he thought it would be improper to produce . conceived that his majesty 's present ministers had no right to ask Russia to communicate the secret articles of the treaty she had been forced to sign at Tilsit . If the emperor of Russia signed secret articles , he had pledged his honour