days . On his return , the Russian minister did certainly communicate to our ambassador a note not of.a very friendly tenor . There were two or three other most material paragraphs in these dispatches , which he should notice . The case which his majesty 's ministers wished to make out was , that Russia had been all this while secretly instigating Denmark to join the confederacy against us ; and yet on the 4th of Nov. his majesty 's minister at St. Petersburgh , alter detailing the difficulties which he had experienced in obtaining an interview with count Romanzow , says that `` he had been informed that some members of the council , who had been consulted in the present very critical state of affairs , had advised the emperor not to reject the present opportunity of re-establishing the tranquillity of the North of Europe , and that their opinion had been adopted . '' So then , down to the 4th of Nov. the emperor of Russia entertained this favourable disposition towards England ! In the next dispatch , in-closing the Russian Declaration , lord Gower observes , that general Savary and the other members of the French mission , `` boasted , that they had gained a complete triumph , and had carried not only this act of hostility against England , but also every other point essential to the success of Bonaparte 's views . '' What ! had they been labouring from the conclusion of the Treaty of Tilsit down to the beginning of Nov. before they could succeed in carrying these `` points so essential to the success of Bonaparte 's views , '' and was that conduct of Russia to be assigned as a reason for our breaking in upon a neutral nation and robbing her of her fleet ? In no period of the history of any country could a similar transaction he found . But , suppose he were to concede in argument that which was completely contradicted by the dispatches on the table , that Russia had been active in forming a confederacy against G. Britain , was there the smallest proof that Denmark would have been disposed to join it ? And . what means had Russia to compel her ? She could not 264 march an army down the Baltic , and what fleet had she to oppose against the united fleets of England , Denmark and Sweden ? The power of protecting the neutrality of Denmark was all on the side of England , not on France . Was it probable that Denmark would lave sacrificed her East and West possessions , her own Islands , and Norway , because France might have threatened her with the loss of Jutland and Holstein ? He defied the right hon . secretary to shew on the table one syllable of evidence , that Denmark entertained such an intention . He had shaped other Resolutions for the purpose of enquiring what hod been the conduct of his majesty 's ministers with respect to Denmark herself ; and whether , having determined to pursue a course hostile to her interests , they had pursued a course advantageous to ours . He had asked . for the Instructions to Mr. Jackson on this subject , which were not refused ; but he had also asked for the correspondence between Mr. Jackson and the government of Denmark , which was denied him . He had asked for these communications , because he wished to know whether they had been of a nature calculated to prevent a continuance of hostility , or to procure a restoration of peace . He had been informed , that instead of making any proposal consistent with the honour and dignity of the Danish crown , no proposal had been made by the British government , in which the continued possession of the Danish fleet did not form apart . Why be at the expence of sending special missions to Copenhagen , when it was determined to adhere to terms so odious and so inadmissible on the part of Denmark ? He had been told that it