the various measures which he thought beneficial to India , he gave his warmest praise to the permanent revenue mode , adopted by marquis Cornwallis , which would in time very much ameliorate the condition of the natives . The system of jurisprudence he considered as too complicated to have any good effect . As for the amelioration of Oude , the promise of it was forgot the moment they got possession of the territory ; not a single attempt had been made to accomplish it in the slightest degree , and by this means the British name and troops were made the instruments of oppression , as they were employed in collecting the revenue and other unpopular acts , which were formerly done by the authority of the vizier . They had added to the evils of the Indian government , the evils of an European military system—a system which had been tried at Gurrockpore , and had laid waste that district . Having thus taken notice of the principal objections against the noble marquis 's government that occurred to him , he had only to add , that thinking his motives pure , he would not concur in pressing this charge any further than censure . An impeachment he considered as improper ; and if in his power , he would rather correct the Resolutions , carrying them no further than the opinion of marquis Cornwallis , that the system was destructive to the character of justice , moderation , and good faith , hitherto maintained by the British in India . Whatever difference of opinion might exist between him and his friends on the past , he was sure they had only one mind as to the future . They had nothing to say against the eulogies bestowed on the noble marquis , for his conquests and victories , they only begged to have no more victories for the future . They wished it to be sincerely said , we abjure conquests and will pursue victories no longer . The hon . member concluded , by noticing what had been said on a former night . Those , that had compared the court of directors to twenty- 1124 four printers , ought to recollect that they were the men who put a stop to this ruinous system , and sent out marquis Cornwallis to put a termination to it . ( Member for Rye ) was perfectly aware of the difficulty under which he rose to address the house upon this important and extensive question . If local knowledge , obtained during a long residence and service in India , should lead him into much detail , he should incur the hazard of wearying the patience of the house ; and if he altogether neglected that detail , he might sacrifice the real merits of the case . He should endeavour in deference to the feelings of the house , to be as concise as possible , at the same time not to abandon the substantial justice of the question . After all the declamation the house had heard , their judgment upon this question must be founded upon the treaty made with the nabob of Oude by lord Teignmouth in 1798 ; but as that treaty confirmed all former treaties , not contrary thereto , it was necessary to review the principal stipulations of those treaties , and the practice of successive governors-general , as approved by lawful authorities in this country.—The first treaty made between the vizier and the company was in the year 1765 , when , after an unjust war against the English , his dominions and his person were in possession of the British army . In such a situation , it was not very probable that lord Clive should treat with him as an independent sovereign ; in fact , he prescribed to him such terms as were , at that time , judged best for the company 's interests ; and many articles of that treaty bear the stamp of his subjection , and of the company 's superior power.—The second article of that treaty expressed that the company should