ways and means , both- these points had been argued . It was there open to any member of that committee to move any measure he chose upon them , and to endeavour , in any manner he thought proper , to prevail on the committee to adopt his view of the case . Supposing the committee to have been of opinion that the Orders in Council were so impolitic that they ought not to be acted on , could there be a doubt that they might have refused to sanction them , and might have ordered such information as they deemed necessary to support the opinion they had formed ? But the right hon . gent , said , that ministers had acted with unbecoming boldness in taking this measure , intirely on their own responsibility . He denied they had done so . He referred to the house if , on the contrary , they had not submitted arguments to the house to show that , the measure was justifiable in law , and consistent with sound policy . The right hon . gent . had said , when petitions with 30 or 40,000 names adhibited to them , 720 were lying on the table of the house praying for peace , was it becoming to shew an indifference to peace , or to a subject so materially calculated as the present must be to affect the situation of the person 's so applying ? The right hon . gent . however , at the very same time had anticipated the answer to his own question , by supposing that he ( Mr. P. ) might say , that though these petitions had not been presented till after the passing of the Orders in Council , they had been prepared long before . This was his answer , and he thought it sufficient to prove that the Orders in Council could in no respect have contributed to the grievances complained of in these petitions . When , therefore , the right hon . gent . stated , that the government of this country was running a race of privations with our enemy , he could not sufficiently express his admiration and astonishment . The privations which the people of this country suffered , arose from the measures of the enemy . The measures since adopted by this government were not resorted to for the purpose of running a race of privations with the enemy , but to make him abandon the measures he had adopted , and to cause him to feel what must otherwise have been alone felt by this country . He , the right hon . gent . declared , if he thought the course pointed out better than the one which the house already had , and must still have , in the course of the different stages of the bill to pursue , he would not be withheld , by any idea of false dignity , from agreeing to it . As he had stated , however , the house had already had full opportunities of arguing the question , and three more would occur in the course of the bill now before the house so , unless there was something in the objection as to the want of form , which could not be got over , he was of opinion the motion of the right hon . gents was unnecessary . As to the point of form , he was thoroughly convinced there was nothing peculiar in a committee of ways and means , which precluded gentlemen from there discussing the merits of the measure , and as to the observation addressed to the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , he could only say , that he did not esteem that-the proper course of proceeding , and should not recommend it to his right hon . friend . said he should be happy if by the discussion of the present question one day of reflection could be gained to the house to consider or the ruinous mea- 721 sure they were about to adopt . Form , he was of