. The right hon . secretary had demanded an impartiality from Russia , which it was impossible to attain or to expect ; but it was needless for him to enter upon that point , after what had been said by his hon . friend . It was the most silly and absurd idea that could possibly be entertained , that because a power whose disposition was known to be friendly had suffered a momentary depression , its mediation ought not to have been accepted . Russia was our friend ; Austria was also our sincere friend . Because events had reduced them to a low condition , could we believe that they loved Buonaparte more than 857 us , or would prefer his friendship to ours ? It was amazing , with the events of the war before them , that they could have indulged in such ungenerous suspicions , and in such irritating language . Holland had been , ever since the year 1794 , under the dominion of France ; and yet , as the disposition of the maritime part of that country was hostile to the French , they had never been able to produce more than one effort against this country . The engagement of De Winter with lord Duncan was the only one of any consequence , arid in that battle they had only seven ships . In the East Indies their fleet surrendered—In the Helder , too , their whole fleet surrendered ; and the indisposition of the Dutch to fight the battles of France , rendered her powerless at sea . Why , then , should it , be supposed that we had lost the affections of our allies ? He did not say that we ought to have proceeded to a treaty ; all that he said was , we had lost an opportunity of trying whether France was disposed for peace , and had irritated those nations who were willing to befriend us . No step had been taken by ministers to get the country out of the difficulties with which their own conduct had contributed to involve us . How did they mean to continue the war ? Did they mean to allow Ireland to remain as it was , without taking a single step to secure the attachment of that country ? The inhabitants of this country could not be led away by any machinations of France , and here we were secure . But though he was willing to hope the best of Ireland , yet he could not conscientiously say that we were equally secure there as here . If we conciliated the people of that country , we should be enabled to look France more boldly in the face : but , unless we did this , Ireland would be a source of weakness to us , and a source of confidence to our enemy . Could we make any impression on France , under the commercial reguations of ministers , by which they had efected the object which France had in view ? If this was the way to contend with France , why was it not tried before ? Why was it not resorted to before our allies on the continent had fallen ? But they would not produce the smallest impression on the enemy . He agreed with his hon . friend that a negociation ought to be entered upon if possible : if this could not be done , the country ought to know it , and then they would bear their privations with comparative patience . The poorest man in the country ought to know its situation . 858 He ought to understand whether peace could be attained or not . If it could not , then the same effect would be produced as had been produced in Holland in the time of king William . Entertaining these sentiments , it became him to state tile reasons why he differed from his hon . friend on this occasion . The third resolution , if adopted , would bind ministers to take immediate steps towards a negociation . Now , although