powers of Europe ; to see him descend from the proud eminence on which he had been placed , for the purpose of violating his engagements , and of crouching under the throne of that usurper whom he had so recently insulted and defied . That such should have been the conduct pursued by the emperor Alexander , must be deeply lamented . Unsatisfactory indeed , was the consolation , that the time would soon come , when he would have infinitely more reason to repent that conduct , than we had now to lament it . The contrast which the firmness and magnanimity of the king of Sweden displayed , commanded equally our admiration and our support ; and he was sure that the house would gladly enable his majesty , not only to fulfil his engagements with that gallant prince , but also to show the world that it was not by the quantum of immediate interest that we measured our national faith and friendship.—Of the many important subjects of consideration suggested by his majesty 's speech , none were more important than the principles adopted , and the steps taken by our government , to frustrate the enemy 's designs against our commerce . So important and so complicated were these subjects , that he felt he should presume too far , if he troubled the house with an opinion upon them of such little weight as his own . As far , however , as regarded the principle of the measures adopted by his majesty 's ministers he might , perhaps , be allowed to avow his sentiments . It was the broad principle of retaliation and self-defence . The conduct of France had annihilated every thing in the world like neutrality . There existed but two powers—the enemy 's and our own—fortunately , these powers were too unequal to alarm us for the consequences ; even should America be added to the number of our foes ; an event which could in no wise be attributed to misconduct or precipitation on the part of his majesty 's government . In a moment of frenzy France had issued edicts levelled at our commerce . Had 41 the object of these measures been obtained ; had they even partially crippled our means , the consideration that a temporary distress to ourselves was utter rum to our opponents , must have induced us to persevere in the contest with tranquillity and firmness : but , the very reverse was the fact . So far from our means having diminished , although the different branches of our commerce might vary in extent , the aggregate of it exceeded that of the most prosperous period of our history ; so much so indeed , that his majesty , in his most gracious speech , expressed his confidence , that no material increase to the burdens of his people would be necessary.—The noble lord trusted , that we might look forward with as much hope and satisfaction as we could look back with content and gratitude . There was one subject from the contemplation of which , in every point of view , unalloyed pleasure must be derived ; it was the rescue from the power of France , of one of the oldest and most faithful of our allies , transferred from a country weak and indefensible , to one secure and powerful ; an occurrence which afforded a field for brilliant anticipations on our part , into which he would not enter , as he felt that they were of an extent and importance beyond his powers of description , holding out commercial and political advantages in the highest degree encouraging to us . He was afraid that he had trespassed too long on the attention of the house , and should therefore only add , that under the impression of the feelings which he experienced , he should move , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , to return his majesty the thanks of this house , for the gracious Speech which he has directed to be delivered by the lords commissioners : —To