obtaining peace on such good terms as we might otherwise do . It would be regarded , in fact , as a censure on the expedition , and , therefore , he could see no ground for the motion , but a romantic generosity , which was of no use . could not agree with an hon . gent . on the other side , that the ships in question , whether our lawful prize or not ( for into that question he should not now go ) , were to be considered as the same sort of capture as if they had been taken on the high seas , durante hello . He denied , that any conviction was entertained of any previous hostility on the part of Denmark toward this country . Gentlemen , in saying so , said more than was 1290 even insinuated by ministers themselves , for they had never contended that there had been any previous hostility ; for , if there had been such , why Were there any amicable proffers made to them On the part of this country ? He thought , upon the whole , that complying with the present motion would be worthy of the characteristic magnanimity of England . thought the present motion went to bind the future discretion of the country , by promises and stipulations which might ultimately prove more injurious and restrictive than it could now be possible to foresee . If the ships were to be restored , merely on the plea generosity , he did think that the object of the present motion would be to rob that generosity of its grace . had never spoken with any gentleman upon the subject of the Baltic expedition , who did not , however strongly its advocate , seem to think that some degree of shame attached to it . That was a feeling rather foreign to the success that crowned the British arms in general ; and , as he thought that the conditional restoration of the ships in question might serve , in some measure , to do away that imputation , he should feel it his duty to vote for the motion of the noble lord.—The house then divided : Ayes 44 , Noes 105 ; Majority against the motion 61. made his promised motion , for compensation to be made to the Nabob of Oude for the losses he had sustained by the seizure of one-half of his territories , and the very embarrassed state of his finances , occasioned by the measures of marquis Wellesley 's government in India . The noble lord spoke at considerable length , but in so low a voice that it could not be heard distinctly from the gallery ; but , as far as we could collect , it was to the following effect : He observed , that the Papers laid before the house , and the recent debates upon the Oude question , relieved him from the necessity of trespassing again upon their patience by farther details ; the house had , indeed , come to a resolution upon this subject—final , he would admit , as far as concerned the conduct of the marquis Wellesley . To this resolution , as it was the sense of a majority of that house , he was bound to 1291 defer , though he could not give his private assent to it . That resolution went to vindicate the conduct of the noble marquis , upon the ground that he was actuated by an ardent zeal for the public service , and for the interests of his country . But no man had ventured or could attempt to deny , that the Nabob of Oude had been treated with a degree of tyranny , oppression , cruelty , and injustice , almost without parallel , and which no conduct on his part deserved ; and that he had been forcibly deprived of one half of his territory , without even the semblance of justice . In violation of all principle , he was forced to sign a treaty in 1801 ; totally different from