producing any information , or proposing some step by which information could be obtained , calculated to guide the judgment of the legislature upon the measure on which it was called upon to decide . In other instances , ministers had been rather disposed to challenge , than to shrink from a discussion of their acts ; but in the present , the papers had merely been recommended in the king 's Speech to the consideration 714 of the house , and it was left wholly in the dark , both respecting grounds upon which the Orders had been issued , and the effects Which were likely to result from them . The right hon . chancellor of the exchequer had thought it was sufficient to bring them forward in a Committee of Ways and Means , where it was impossible to institute any discussion , either upon their principle or tendency , and where they could be regularly considered only as a measure of finance . In this committee it was impossible to discuss either their legality or their policy , or the preamble of the bill . In every measure like the present , it had been the constant practice to submit the grounds of the measure to a Committee . In the American Commercial bill this course had been pursued , and likewise in the case of the Bank Restriction bill a secret committee had been appoint ed to inquire into the general state of its affairs , in short , this had been the uniform practice in matters of great magnitude and importance , connected either with commerce or finance . He disclaimed all intention or wish , by the present motion , to produce any unnecessary delay ; but , conceiving the question involved in the Orders in Council to he of vital importance to the prosperity , and even to the existence of the country , it was material , surely , that the house should know what it was about before it decided upon them . He was ready to admit , for the sake of argument , that it was competent for the king 's prerogative to have issued the Orders in Council ; he would admit , for the sake of argument , that they were justifiable as a measure of retaliation against the enemy ; and for the sake of argument , hex would admit , though he certainly was of a different opinion , that they were not inconsistent with the common usage of nations ; but , what he wished to know was ( and upon this point there was no information whatever to enable the house to form any opinion ) what was likely to be their effect upon the trade of the country ? In this single point of view , he considered the present as one of the most stupendous questions that ever had been agitated . It involved not a matter of subordinate regulation , not the prosperity of one branch of trade , but the commerce of the whole world , that commerce on which the prosperity and the very existence of England , in its present circumstances , depended . Was it therefore because our present situation was peculiar ? Was it 715 because our affairs were in a more critical conjuncture , than they had ever been in before ? Or Was it because the question Was more interesting and more important than any that could be canvassed , that even the most common precautions were hot to be adopted , and a decision passed with unprecedented precipitancy ? In this country , from the existence of a body of Merchants of liberal education , enlightened views , unrivalled probity , and great experience , the house of commons could command means of information upon such a Subject , of which no other government was in possession ? He wished to know the opinions of the merchants upon this subject . There were many persons , it was true , belonging to this respectable class in the house of commons , but they were prevented , probably , by the circumstance