to prevail against us . The destruction of this country was the great object of his ambition : compared with this , his victories at Lodi , at Austerlitz , at Friedland , and at Auerstadt , were nothing in his estimation : to accomplish this , all his great talents , his genius , and his policy , were unceasingly directed . What more effectual mode could there be of counteracting this design , than to render the instruments by which he proposed to effect it unavailing in his hands ? As long as England should preserve her ancient honour , magnanimity , and disinterestedness , it was not to be credited that the nations of the continent would zealously co-operate in any plan to destroy her.— He would no longer detain their lordships . It was not , as he stated at the commencement of his speech , his intention to interfere in the smallest degree with the exercise of the royal prerogative , or to suggest any thing calculated to lower the country in the estimation of foreign powers . His wish was , not to bind the government to any measure inconsistent with the dignity of the nation , but simply that the Danish navy should be kept in salva custodia . His lordship concluded with moving the following resolution : `` That it is highly important to the honour of this country , that , under present circumstances , no measures be taken with respect to the Ships of war now in the possession of his maj . In consequence of the Capitulation of Copenhagen , which may preclude the eventual restitution of them to the government 646 of Denmark , agreeably to the spirit of the requisition referred to in the Proclamation issued on the 16th of Aug. last by the commanders in chief of his majesty 's forces by sea and land employed on that occasion , and land employed on that occasion , and land employed on that occasion , and renewed in their letter of the 1st of Sept. to the commander in Chief of the land forces of his Danish majesty . `` * could not suppress the anxiety he felt to enter his protest , as early as possible , against the resolution submitted to the house by the noble visc . He conceived that a proposition more novel in its principle , more unsuitable to the circumstances of the case , or the interest of the country , could hardly he submitted to the consideration of the house . The external enemies of the country had pledged themselves to obtain a restitution of those ships ; but he now , for the first time , had the mortification of seeing within those walls , a noble peer . rise up and support the arguments they had used , and in this respect aid their designs . It certainly was not within the walls of parliament that he had expected to have heard such arguments defended . It was not doing justice to the motion itself , to discuss it as if it were to be construed altogether literally , or as if the spirit of it would not go to the actual restoration of the Danish fleet ; for if the house were to agree to such a resolution , it would be considered by all the World as an acknowledgment that we had acted unjustly , and a pledge that we would make a restitution as soon as it was compatible with our security . If we were now to give such an acknowledgment , it could be supposed that foreign nations would not take advantage of it at the moment of negociation for a general peace , and it would then appear as if we had no right to refuse it . The noble viscount had considered this as a case per se , and that there was nothing like it in our history . He might , however , have remembered the case of the ships taken at Toulon last war , which were surrendered to us by Frenchmen in trust only , and which