of the interests of the country , ought surely to have suggested the propriety of an immediate communication with the late ministers on the subject of that Order ? Ought they not to have been made acquainted with the objection taken by Mr. Maddison , and been consulted upon the facts and the principles on which they had proceeded ? But , instead of that course , no part of the proceeding was ever heard of till the papers were lately printed for the use of your lordships ; and , in the mean time , his majesty 's present ministers , without any communication , directly or indirectly , with us their predecessors , issued the Orders in Council now under consideration ; and although it has been their constant habit to disparage our councils as weak and incapable ; they , to serve their own purposes , set us up on a sudden as the brightest examples , justifying themselves under our authority , imputing to us principles we never dreamed of , and the knowledge of facts which never had existence . My lords , I have therefore , I think , established that the Order of the 11th of Nov. standing upon the execution of the Decree , and the acquiescence of America , is wholly unjustified by either : she never , indeed , denied the principle of retaliation , if it were executed and acquiesced in : so far from it , that Mr. Maddison , in his very first letter to your minister at Washington says , 'the respect which the United States owe to their neutral rights will always be sufficient pledges that no culpable acquiescence , on her part , will render them accessary to the proceedings of one belligerent nation , through the rights of neutrals , against the commerce of its adversary . ' The demand of explanation by gen. Armstrong is in full unison with this declaration ; and the practice cofirmed the explanation insomuch , that Messrs. Monroe and Pinkney , in the summer of last year , considered the note of the 31st or Dec. to have lost its application : and so late as the 18th of Oct. those excellent persons , who have uniformly exhibit- 949 ed the utmost good faith , and the most anxious desire to preserve friendship between the countries , because they knew their most essential interests to be inter-twisted , communicated to the secretary of State the construction given by France to her Decree , and that the practice had been in conformity to that construction.—My lords , I was indeed astonished to hear that no reply had been made to this communication , and that Mr. Monroe had been suffered to leave England . [ Here lord Grenville 'And Mr . Rose . ' ] I am obliged to my noble friend for reminding me . And Mr. Rose also , the minister of peace to America . They were suffered to sail together , in total ignorance of the Orders it Council , though published so near the time of their sailing , that it must have depended upon the accidental veins of winds or of calms , which prevail on the ocean , whether the proposal of peace , or the fresh provocation to quarrel , should reach America first , or whether they might not meet in a point together . This part of the case is therefore closed . I pass by altogether , my lords , the news from Holland , .which , even if it had contained any proof of the execution of the Decree , could not possibly have reached England when the Orders in Council were determined on , because they bore date the third of Nov. only a week before the publication of those long and complicated details , which must have been weeks in settling : indeed , I repeatedly heard the project itself mentioned , as a thing certain , by more than one of its advocates , even in the early part of the summer.—My lords , it being thus matter of demonstration , from facts