to move for certain Papers which might tend to throw more light on the motives which had induced his majesty 's ministers to propose and undertake the Expedition to Denmark . As he understood that the production of some of the papers for which he should move , would not be objected to , he should begin by moving for those papers , that the observations which related to one set of the papers , might not be entangled with those which referred to another set ; he should now therefore , move , an humble address to his majesty , praying he would be graciously pleased to direct , that there be laid before the house , such Proclamations as had been issued by our naval and military commanders , before Copenhagen , previous to their attack upon that city . This motion being agreed to , the noble duke proceeded to move for papers of a more specific nature , which related to the hostile intentions of Denmark , and the secret arrangements entered into at Tilsit between the emperors Alexander and Napoleon , and which arrangements were said to be hostile to the interests of this country . Without the production of documents of the description , it was utterly impossible for ministers to make out a case that should appear justified by the necessity under which they pretended to have acted , and which formed the chief apology for their conduct . He was aware that a necessity might exist that would supply a complete vindication , but the difficulty was to draw the line where that imperious necessity commenced ; and this view of the affair led him , for a moment , to notice the Declaration subscribed with his majesty 's name , which had received the sanction of the British government , and which must be attributed to the advice of the servants of the crown . After an attentive perusal of that instrument , he could discover no such necessity as had been pretended ; that attempt at justification which had been submitted to the eyes of all Europe had failed , and we were exposed to the disgrace consequent on this failure . Admitting 341 there was such a necessity , the difficulty of our situation was to be met with wisdom and policy . It was not enough that by the effort we gained something ; we must compare the losses with the acquisitions , and determine which preponderated . True it was , that we had gained possession of the Danish Navy ; but by that possession we had thrown Denmark into the arms of France , and encreased the number of our enemies by the addition of this neutral and independent kingdom . He did expect that some pains would have been taken to satisfy the house on this questionable transaction : that the Declaration being incompetent , the deficiency would have been supplied by documentary evidence , showing , that had the Danish fleet not been captured by our Navy , it must inevitably have fallen within the grasp of the enemy . It was said , that the danger was imminent , because Holstein was in the power of France . This assertion was incorrect ; but were the fact otherwise , until the whole of Jutland should have been occupied by the troops of the foe , no such peril was to be apprehended ; but , after we had committed this act of injustice and violence , every thing was to be feared , because we had , by our own misconduct , alienated the affections of a friendly state ; yet , if the French army were in Jutland , was the conquest of Zealand secure ? While the Danes possessed a fleet to defend themselves , the enterprize would have been hazardous and difficult , and might have ultimately terminated in the triumph of naval over military tactics . But the utility of the Danish marine was not confined to herself ; it was the constant object of jealousy to Russia , and contributed to controul the operations of that power ,