perfect knowledge of the feelings and character of the people of England ; that he had been made acquainted by Buonaparte with the conditions of peace intended to be offered ; and , he had no doubt but lord Hutchinson himself would consider them highly reasonable and honourable . '' [ p . 351 . ] Now , sir , with a knowledge of this conversation , held by a person of unsullied honour , and the greatest talents , a man respected by all Europe ; and justly in the confidence of the emperor of Russia , both on account of his high military achievements , and his indisputed integrity ; who had been deputed by the preceding administration as the accredited minister to the court of Prussia , and had attended the Russian armies in the latter part of their disastrous campaign ; whose communication with the emperor , if lord Granville Levison had not expressly desired , he had unequivocally concurred in : —with a perfect knowledge , I say , of all these facts and circumstances , how came my lord Granville Leveson to dwell so much and with such serious importance upon a point which he must have known to have been entirely waved ; it was throwing an ill-timed obstacle in the way of the acceptance of the mediation , it was irritating to the emperor who had expressed himself so satisfactorily upon the subject , and it was undignified as laying that stress upon a comparatively trivial circumstance which was due only to matters of real and essential moment . Further , lord Granville Levison not only states conditions without which the mediation 818 can not be accepted ; but he desires preliminary marks of good will on the part of Russia , and particularly the renewal of the treaty of commerce ; than which surely , no request could be more unreasonable . The treaty of commerce had expired , and frequent attempts had been made by the last administration to obtain the renewal of it , all of them unsuccessful , even during the time of warlike co-operations . Was it then a reasonable thing to ask such a mark of good will on the part of Russia at such a moment ? and was it not rather adding to the existing difficulties , and creating disgust in the mind of Russia when it ought : to have been our object to sooth , to conciliate , and to appear almost implicitly to confide ? Gen. Budberg answered , `` that there did exist secret articles in the treaty of Tilsit , '' and then comes an expression in the letter of a very equivocal nature , `` there , were some , he said , which in no way concerned the interests of England . '' [ p. 196 ] Sir , I am bound to suppose that lord Granville Levison received an equivocal answer from gen. Budberg , because he has expressed himself in an equivocal manner . As no suspicion however of intentional duplicity seems to have arisen in the mind of lord Granville Levison to the prejudice of gen. Budberg during this conference , or at least none is expressed , I conclude that there were no secret articles in the treaty of Tilsit , which in the estimation of gen. Budberg , had any relation to England whatever . I should do so the rather after having read the following sentence , in which gen. Budberg says , `` that he could assure lord Granville Levison , and as an honest man he would not say it , if it were not truth , that there existed no secret article whatever which stipulated the shutting the Russian ports against the British commerce. '' [ p . 196 ] Lord Granville Levison however , having found it impossible to consider the answer given by gen. Budberg as sufficiently satisfactory to authorise him to accept the Russian mediation , gen. Budberg said he would request the permission of the emperor to communicate without reserve the secret articles of the treaty between Russia and France ; and to be