him , or even without any explanation , on the pure impulse of feeling , would be sensible that his interest was more materially involved and affected , than in the most wasteful expenditure of the produce of the taxes . A pension if unworthily bestowed on one , would remain a recompence of no less value for another ; but a title of honour , or a vote of thanks , would sink in value , both as to the past and the future , upon every misapplication that the granting of either was subjected to . The house was now called upon by lavishing rewards to cast a false lustre on an act of doubtful justice and policy ; it was hoped that this vote would have an effect , not unlike , in its principle though opposite in its operation , to those forfeitures of ho- 176 nours , and apparently increased severity in punishment , which , in former times , were devised to cast an additional horror on crimes . But the nature of the stratagem would be canvassed and exposed , and the public would join him in thinking such distinction a shame rather than an honour . It would be like the case of a worthy baronet ( sir Brooke Watson ) late a member of that house , who having to go in the city-pageant on lord mayor 's day , and being asked what he intended to do with his wooden leg , answered , with great good humour , that he meant to gild it . While there seemed , in fact , a sort of propriety , that in the midst of so much splendour nothing so plain should appear as an ordinary wooden leg , it would on the other hand have been supremely ludicrous , to set off ostentatiously what it must be wished to conceal , to decorate a defect , to attract attention and notice to what could he regarded only with regret and pain . This was exactly , however , what his majesty 's ministers were doing ? They were gilding their wooden leg , and exposing it to public mockery , by endeavouring to get a false honour for themselves , at the expence of the hon . commanders . The service performed was not such as to merit the honour or the thanks : and therefore , he , acting on the same principle on which he declined moving a vote of thanks for the capture of the Cape of Good Hope , protested against the misapplication of a most sacred trust , whirr ought never to be exercised without the greatest circumspection , and which would be soon destroyed if exercised inconsiderately or improperly . declined entering at all upon the merits of the service , in which that part of the army and navy had been employed , to which it was proposed to vote the thanks of the house , but he deprecated the coming to a resolution , which would preclude the house from afterwards coming to a decision upon the policy of the expedition . One of the grounds on which the expedition was justified , was the alleged weakness of Denmark to defend herself had she been attacked by France , and he conceived , that it would be altogether inconsistent to pass a vote of thanks for a service which derived its principal importance from the degree of resistance which those employed in it had to encounter . said , that the motion now before the house , would by no means have the effect pre- 177 tended by the hon gent. , and that it neither entered into the contemplation of his noble friend , who proposed , nor of the right hon . gent . who opposed the resolution , that it in any way pledged the house to an opinion upon the merit or demerit of those who planned the expedition . He wished that that right hon . gent . had so discussed the question immediately before the house , as not at least to afford strong grounds of suspicion