the conduct pursued by them , on receiving such an intimation ? Did they proceed to dissipate the apprehensions so ideally entertained by the American government ? They did no such thing : they , the king 's ministers , in full possession of the means of knowing that the uneasiness was unfounded , positively abstained from any step calculated to explain to America the fallacy of its fears , or to uphold , from the censure of imputed violence and aggression , the character of their sovereign 's government . What the motives were which could induce them to this desertion of their public duty , it were difficult to determine , had not subsequent occurrences served to solve the difficulty : it only could be attributed to the anxious wish of converting the effects of this misapprehension into a weapon against their political opponents in parliament , to have the opportunity of throwing Mr. Madison 's opinion on that Order , in the teeth of those who felt it their duty to expose the injustice , improvidence , and insanity of that system which commenced its operation on the 11th of Nov. Honourable and conscientious atonement for a breach of public duty ! I assure the noble lords that I envy them not the gratification of a triumph so obtained ; neither could I appreciate that as an advantage , which compromised the character and consistency of the country.—The noble lord next adverted to the clamour which had been raised upon the pretence that in the late , negociation conducted with the American commissioners , an intention was manifested of yielding any of the maritime rights of this country . He ad- 1275 mitted , there were considerable difficulties in the way of an arrangement with respect to the impressing of seamen ; but still he did not think , them insurmountable : of our right to take British seamen out of American merchant vessels , there could be no doubt ; but how did this right arise ? The American merchant vessel , met on the high sea by a British ship of war , was extra-territorial , and the latter had an undoubted right to take out of her a British seaman for his majesty 's service ; but it was also a right on the part of the American , that no American subject should be taken , and that the British . right should be exercised as moderately as possible . Between these conflicting rights it might be difficult to make an arrangement ; but , surely , it was unwise to shut the door against any arrangement . His lordship took a view of the effects likely to result from the Orders in Council , and contended that it was clear they would produce injury to our manufactures ; and , as to the West India interest , which it was boasted would be benefited , how was this to arise if a war took place with the U . States , which , he contended , the Orders in Council were calculated to produce , when it was clearly ascertained , that the West India islands depended upon the U . States for a large proportion of their provisions ? In whatever point of view these Orders were considered , they must , he contended , be found highly injurious to the interests of the country . If it was the object of Buonaparte to force America into a war with this country , this measure tended to facilitate that object ; the policy should rather have been to have remained quiet , and if Buonaparte had urged the American government to a war with this country , then all the odium would have remained with him , and a large proportion of the population of the U . States would have been with us . When we saw all Europe under the dominion of one man , pressing and urging forward plans inimical to the interests and happiness of mankind , we might have looked to America for that order of things congenial with our own feelings and our own views