thing from the allowances assigned him ; but if military officers who happened to be married were to devote their whole lives to their country 's service , and were taught not to look up to their country for any provision for their children , left destitute by their deaths , it were better to pass a law at once , binding them to chastity like Catholic priests , and thereby prevent them from having children to provide for . had not thought it necessary to be so particular in stating the narrow circumstances of lord Lake 's family ; but he believed , that in fact , these ladies would take , under the will , little more than half the sum mentioned by the hon . member who had just sat down . supported the motion , and detailed the particulars of the storming of the trenches at Lincelles , defended by 6000 French troops , by 1600 British under lord Lake . It was an additional claim , that the noble lord had returned from India in circumstances that formed a direct 791 contrast with those in which Lucullus returned from Asia , and Massena from Italy . There could be nothing , in his opinion , more honourable to that noble lord 's character , than that he returned from India poor , and died honourable . As to the proposed monument , it had his hearty assent , as he was convinced there was not a greater idol throughout the whole army than the late lord Lake . said , he felt disagreeable sensations in opposing this resolution , but he did it upon general grounds . If the argument that had been used as to the late lord Lake 's poverty was good for any thing , it must go to this , that if any person who had signalized himself in the service of his country , should , notwithstanding his lucrative situation , die , leaving his family poor , they were to become a burden upon the public . He should forbear discussing the general services and merits of lord Lake , as he had heard no arguments used that could justify the motion that had been made . He could not agree that a monument should be erected to his memory at the public expence , as that was an honour that ought not to be conferred on any officer who had not fallen in the moment of victory . differed from the noble lord who had just sat down , as he could not conceive there could be a greater claim to public gratitude than that which had been stated . In his opinion , lord Lake 's having returned from India to this country , and dying under the circumstances that had been represented , not only entitled his family to the consideration of the public , but shewed that he had acted in a manner highly creditable to himself , and honourable to the nation . He trusted , however , that the house would not suffer his children to remain in such a state of honourable poverty . contributed his testimony to the eminent services and qualifications of the noble general . It was true , that the emoluments of his situation were great , but his private charities , and his generosity to the officers engaged in the same service , exhausted his fortune to an extent which it would be difficult to ascertain . As to the observation , that the application might have been made sooner , he should only remind the house , that so long as lord Lake was in the enjoyment of such emoluments abroad , his disposition was such that he disdained making any application for further rewards at home . This 792 inclination to withhold his just claim , gave that noble lord , in his opinion , a greater title to the gratitude of his country . He even thought , that what was proposed to be granted was not sufficient , and nothing prevented him from moving for a greater allowance , but his unwillingness to