proper basis , and propose an unobjectionable spot for the purpose of treating : Rusticus expectat dum defluat amnis What remains to be done ? nothing , but that this country should make an overture to France , as direct as the French emperor has ever made to you . Is there any humiliation in this proposition ? if there be , the French emperor has twice sufficiently humbled himself before you ; for twice he has made direct overtures of negociation . Can there be any expectation that he will repeat them ? Recollect the abrupt and repulsive manner in which he was received in 1800 , when he made his first overture to the king , on his being invested with the chief consulate of France ! recollect the deceitful ( I had almost said the treacherous ) Mode in which he was received the second time , when on assuming the imperial dignity , he again made a direct overture for peace . You told him at that time , that before you could give him any answer you must consult your allies . You did consult your allies ; but not for the purpose of obtaining from them their consent to enter into negociation , but for the purpose of exciting them to a coalition , the object of which was to overwhelm and to destroy him . Is there any hope then ( even if you were so to reverse the character you draw of him , as to represent him one of the most moderate and equitable of mankind ) , is there any hope that he will again attempt to approach this country by direct overtures ? After the manner in which I have shewn that you have treated the two offers of mediation of Austria and Russia , is there any hope that he will again hazard any indirect ; attempt ? Is it reasonable to expect it ? and even if he were inclined to do it , what ministers have you at your court , or what ministers has he at his , through the means of whom he could make any such attempt ? I repeat the question then , what is there left but a direct offer of negociation on the part of England ? —Sir , I have the authority of the present secretary of state , that in a direct proposition from this country , there can be nothing 846 degrading . In the speech I have already quoted , he distinctly says , `` that at any time when negociation is desirable , he can not conceive that any delicacy , as to which party should make the proposal , ought to stand in the way . '' I agree with this theory , and I recommend to him the practice of it . In confirmation of its propriety , I refer him to a person in whose diplomatic shool he was bred , of whom he has always professed a great admiration , and for whom I entertain the highest respect ; I mean lord Grenville . During the period in which he held the office now occupied by the right hon . gent . three propositions were made from this country to France : all of them direct , and all of that manly character which belongs to the noble lord . First , when he ordered Mr. Wickham to address Mr. Barthelemi , it was to ask directly of the French government , whether they were inclined to treat for peace ? no mention of preliminary basis , no delicacy or feeling of humiliation in being the first to court that which was then deemed desirable ; it was a direct , honourable , and manly proposition . It failed . On the second occasion , a question was asked through the Danish minister at Paris , who answered the noble lord , that the then French government would not allow of any indirect communication . Lord Grenville immediately wrote to the French minister of foreign affairs : a negociation was the consequence , which ended unfortunately . The third time ,