of the principle upon which those measures were founded , they could not but consider , it fortunate for the country , that they had , by success , proved beneficial to its interests . He could without difficulty , concur in the address , because he had no hesitation in giving his entire approbation to the conduct of his majesty 's government . If ministers had , since the termination of the last session of parliament , performed so many essential services to the nation , if they had crowded , 54 as had been well and ably stated by his hon . friend , if he would allow him to call him so , into so short a space of time , a greater number of important events than had ever in the compass of a similar period been accomplished , and certainly than had been effected by the administration which preceded them in office , he could not possibly feel any difficulty in supporting the address which expressed approbation of their measures . He looked upon it to be no inconsiderable test of the unobjectionable nature of the address , that neither the sagacity of the hon . member , who had just sat down , nor of the noble lord who preceded him , could select any one point to which they could seriously object . But , when the speech comprehended , as it did , so many and such various topics , respecting Russia , Austria , Denmark , Portugal , and Sweden , it was extremely easy for any gentlemen to comment upon a separate point , on which each might leave that house indulging the high ambition , that his had been the speech which remained unanswered . And when ministers were to be called to account for what they had clone , it must follow that those who should do the most , would have the most to answer for . He would agree with the right honourable gentleman opposite , that it would be impolitic to adopt any measure by which the character of the country might be affected , if the powers of Europe retained their independence , or if the government of Denmark could have been considered free to follow that course which its honour and interest dictated . But no gentleman would contend , that there was a power on the continent which could have resisted the mandates of the enemy . The question respecting the Danish expedition had been considered by the right hon . gent . with reference to two general propositions ; first , whether the necessity justified the measure ; and secondly , whether the conviction of his majesty 's ministers respecting that necessity , was sufficient to justify them . The first had been stated by the noble lord ( Milton , ) the latter by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down . it was the first duty of ministers to act upon the necessity , and it was equally their duty to use their discretion in judging of that necessity , and if , in acting upon it , they were to err at all , it was much better that , they should err upon the side of public security . He should not then enter into an argument to show that government were 55 justified in acting upon probabilities , because that doctrine was consonant with the law of nations , if any public law had survived the subjugation of the powers of the continent , or if there was now any rule for the conduct of nations to be found in Europe but that of the Napoleon code . He had lately met with a passage in Vattel which fully justified that principle . The passage he alluded to stated , `` that when the security of a nation was threatened , its government should act upon reasonable presumption , '' and concluded with asserting , `` that too scrupulous an attention to justice in times of danger , paved the way to slavery . '' So far the authority of this great