on a former night , when his hon . friend proposed a bill similar , if not altogether the same as that so recently rejected in the upper house , intimated in what respects he considered the mode adopted by his hon . friend improper . He admitted then , as well as now , that the limitation in point of time , proposed by a noble friend of his ( lord Hawkesbury ) in the other house , had his entire concurrence . He therefore could have no objection to that feature of the bill now before the house , otherwise than as being conveyed in a manner in which it could not be expected to pass the other house . He had at that time intimated his intention of proposing a clause , the object of which was entirely mistaken . Understanding that one great ground of complaint against grants in reversion was , that the want of notoriety attending them was likely often to give occasion to their being given to improper persons , he suggested as a remedy , that every future grant of the kind should be published in the gazette . This proposition for regulating the mode of granting , was supposed to imply a determination that grants in reversion should be made , whereas the object of the committee of finance was to keep every office as free and open as possible to any reform they might think proper to introduce . His proposition was by no means intended to impede this object ; but having been so 1332 misunderstood , and misrepresented , he should abandon it . He was glad to find that , so far , at least , he proceeded with the general approbation of the house . With the alteration in the preamble also , he gladly coincided , as it fell in with the wish of presenting a new measure to the other house . The former bills proposed to abolish grants in reversion altogether . The present proposed only to suspend the exercise of that part of the prerogative for a time to be limited . Thus the present bill was different from the others in substance and form . Whether , after all , the measure was likely to be supported in the lords so as to pass that house , it was not for him to say ; but he thought it incumbent on the friends of the measure , and on the friends of the cordiality of both houses , to avoid framing it so that there would be obvious ground of objection on the face of it , and , consequently , very little probability that it would pass . On these grounds , he approved of the measure as it was now proposed by his hon . friend , and forbore to press the amendments he had on a former night suggested . He had had some other amendments also in view , all tending to the same effect , of making the measure more acceptable to the lords , by coming in a new shape ; but he confessed , that the course pursued by his hon . friend , on mature consideration of all the circumstances and all the reasons connected with the general principle , rendered these amendments unnecessary . His opinion of the bill itself was not changed . He neither saw those great benefits which some supposed likely to result from it , in point of public economy ; nor did he see that danger to the prerogative which existed in the apprehensions of some of the lords . So far as it was represented to the public , that any great diminution of its burdens could be effected by the retrenchment of these offices , the promise was delusive , and would be attended with great disappointment ; to that representation , therefore , he wished to be no party . On the other hand , with respect to the prerogative of the crown , though some alteration might be made by the bill for the present , by taking away the liberty of making