longer be undersold . The same argument applied to the commodities from the East Indies . It had been said by a noble friend of his on the preceding evening , that it could not be supposed that the want of coffee could have any effect in France . His noble friend , he believed , did not like coffee , and therefore he might not care for the loss of it ; but was it to be imagined that the population of a whole continent would suddenly change the habits of their lives at the bidding of the ruler of France ? Would Buonaparte himself , would his tributary kings , would his tributary princes , would his generals , would his army , consent all at once to give up their coffee and their sugar ? Would they agree to give up the constant habits of their lives ? It was not in human nature . With respect to the American trade , he believed it would be found that half their exports came to this country , and about a fourth or third to the enemy 's colonies ; the effect , therefore , stated by the noble lord , could not be produced upon that trade ; as , supposing the decree of the enemy to be most rigorously enforced , the Americans could not be prevented by their enforcement from trading with this country , or the enemy 's colonies . The noble earl went through the Resolutions , and contended that they did not apply to the Orders in Council , which instead of injuring the trade of the country , tended materially to benefit it , by removing those injurious effects which had been produced by the enforcement of the enemy 's decrees . commented on the apparent inconsistency of endeavouring to make the Orders in Council at once a measure of a belligerent nature and of commercial policy . entirely concurred with the noble lord as to the inconsistency he had stated ; but it was not the only one : when the measure was censured as unproductive , they were told that it was not a measure of revenue ; and yet when the 1241 suffering manufacturer , when the injured trader , petitioned for relief against its ruinous operation , they were driven from the bar , and told that it was a matter of revenue . With respect to its producing any sensation in France , he could hardly believe that ministers themselves were serious in that expectation . said , he did not rise to prolong the debate . Upon a former occasion he had taken an opportunity of stating fully and distinctly his sentiments upon the commercial policy of these Orders . His object in rising , was , to resist altogether the idea of any similarity between these Orders and that of the 7th of Jan . He contended that they were not only not alike , but essentially different . Sardinia , it was true , had been excepted ; but Sardinia was not the only exception . At that time Denmark ( would to God she were so now ! ) was neutral , and engrossed by much the greater portion of the neutral trade of Europe . The able and statesman-like note of his-noble friend ( earl Grey ) to the Danish minister , was a sufficient commentary upon the nature and object of that Order : but this mode of justifying by recriminating , involved the noble secretary in a strange dilemma . That Order was either right or wrong ; if wrong , why attempt to justify the present Orders by proving their similitude to that ? and if right , why make it the object of such extraordinary censure , that even his majesty in council was made , in the preamble to those Orders , to censure that act as injudicious and ineffectual , to which he had been advised to give his royal sanction ? With respect to their effect on America , he should not now say any thing : the event would be shortly known ,