. sterling ; that for this purpose of defence the Company should constantly retain in Oude a force of from 10 to 13,000 men ; and that if at any time the defence of Oude required the presence of more than 13,000 men , the nabob should defray the expence of the difference.— By this treaty it was further stipulated , that if at any time the monthly instalments of the subsidy should fall in arrear , the Company should then require security for the future regular payment of the same.—All political power , and even all communication with other states , was taken from the nabob ; but full authority over the internal affairs of the country , `` over his household affairs , hereditary dominions , his troops , and his subjects , '' was left to him by the express words of the treaty.—The house should observe the circumstances under which this nabob mounted the musnud . By the interference of the Company in behalf of his hereditary right , his predecessor , an acknowledged usurper , was removed.—But it is to be observed that this man , probably conscious of the Weakness of his title and the instability of his tenure , had endeavoured to acquire the affections of the troops by unbounded largesses , so that , when the change took place , the new nabob found them discontented at the change and disaffected to his person.—Again , the two preceding reigns had been signalized by great profusion and expence ; the affairs of the country had been neglected , its finances dilapidated , agriculture neglected , the treasury emptied , and the most burthensome taxes imposed on the people.—Under these circumstances , considering the close connection subsisting between the Company and the Sovereigns of Oude , it was manifestly desirable to the former that a new and amended system of policy should be adopted , and a reform established in the civil and military arrangement of the 996 country.—It certainly was no less the interest of the nabob—it was his wish ; we have frequent expressions of that wish ; aye , and actions too in conformity therewith , notwithstanding all the accusations of lord Wellesley to the contrary . —According then , to this evident interest of the two contracting parties , an article was inserted in the treaty of 1798 , that such a reform should be set about , and that the nabob should advise with the Bengal government on the occasion . The nabob , on his part , faithfully acted according to this stipulation.—Numerous are the passages in the papers to which I could refer for proof of this assertion.—I will , however , only detain the house with one . It is a passage in one of Col. Scott 's letters ; `` the assertion made by his excellency of its being his desire to dismiss or get rid of his present troops by degrees is , I believe , strictly true ; and consistent with that intention , he long ago prohibited the filling up of vacancies ; so that the battallions called regular , excepting those under Almas , are not more than half their complement of men . '' And the house must not suppose that this exception of the troops of Almas was any contravention to this agreement ; they are the troops which sir J. Craig on his evidence states he could alone depend upon in the hour of danger ; and the avowed disposition of their leader to appear independent of the nabob , and to look to the protection of the British , preclude the possibility of any favour having been shewn to him from improper motives.—Equally punctual was the nabob in fulfilling the other stipulations of the treaty . The subsidy was paid regularly to the day . This is over and over again acknowledged by lord W. ; and we have col. Scott 's own testimony , that `` the nabob was determined in all things to fulfil , with minute regularity , his peculiar engagements with the Company . So much for the nabob ; now for the