period , it would be carried into effect without any limitation of time . complimented his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) for having , in the conduct of the present measure , shewn himself to be animated with the truest spirit of patriotism . Those who wished to prevent a breach between the two branches of the legislature , and who were anxious at the same time to carry into effect an important measure of public reform , would , he was firmly convinced , agree with him in opinion , that for the alterations which had been introduced into the bill , his hon . friend was entitled to the thanks of that house , and of the country . He asked those who seemed to object to any modification of the bill which might tend to remove the objections which were felt to the former bill in the house of lords , to bear in mind that there were two branches of the legislature , and that it was impossible to carry any measure into effect without the concurrence of both . This being the case , if they really had it at heart to do some effectual and substantial good for the country , they must be desirous to pursue the object which they had in view in the way which was least objectionable , and which was least likely to shock the prejudices of the other house . How , then , did the matter stand ? A bill , prohibiting the grant of offices in reversion , had been repeatedly sent up to the other house , and repeatedly rejected ; and all that now remained for them to do , with a view to a more fortunate practical result , was to frame the present measure in such a way as to obviate those objections which had produced the failure of the two former bills . He was far from thinking the present a measure of small importance ; because it was impossible to say to what length the vicious principle which it went to eradicate might grow . Pensions might come to be granted in reversion as well as places . There was another view in which it struck him as important . The granting of reversions was peculiarly liable to abuse , and on that account singularly calculated to excite public odium . When a place was bestowed only for one life , there was a barrier in public opinion against its being improperly conferred , because the character 1341 of the person to whom it was given was known ; but it was otherwise with places in reversion , which might devolve upon persons totally disqualified from holding them , either by their characters or talents . Under a popular goverment , such as that under which we lived , it was more material than under any other to guard against the possibility of such abuses ; and it was the duty of that house , not to leave any blots to which the finger of public scorn might be pointed , because they produced an effect upon the minds of the people beyond their real worth . In difficult times , too , like the present , every thing ought to be done to lighten the vessel of the state , that it might ride more securely in the midst of the storm . The present measure he contended to be one branch of a species of reform which it was completely in the power of parliament to accomplish . If there were no other reasons for acquiescing in the bill in its present modified shape , he was of opinion , that this consideration ought to have weight with the house , viz . the impolicy of holding out one branch of the legislature to public odium . It ought also to be recollected , that in a constitution such as that under which we had the happiness to live , and which was composed of different orders , it was the duty of the house of commons to meet the other house halfway : and such