, for his gracious communication , to mark your approval of the sentiments it contains . I can assure your lordships I am perfectly aware of the inadequacy of my abilities to open subjects of the magnitude and importance of those now offered for your discussion ; but you will separate the advocate from the cause , and , I trust , be disposed to extend to the former that indulgence , which it is your lordships invariable practice to do , at the same time doing ample justice to the serious import of the other I must claim also your lordships indulgence in consideration of my habits and pursuits , which have differed widely from those which are requisite to qualify me to make an adequate appeal to an assembly like this ; but again I trust this deficiency on my part will in some measure be supplied by the goodness of the cause I have to 7 advance . I will not consume more of your lordship 's time by a longer preamble , being sensible many noble lords will be extremely anxious to deliver their opinions also ; I shall therefore proceed to animadvert shortly upon the prominent features of the Speech , leaving to others the detail , who will be better able to do justice to the same . In the first place , my lords , we are informed in the speech , that . soon after the Treaty of Tilsit had announced the dereliction of Russia to the cause she had espoused , his majesty 's ministers received the most clear and positive information , that it was the intention of the enemy to compel the courts of Denmark and Portugal to subscribe their navies to a general confederacy about to be formed against this country , and with a promptitude and decision that does them infinite credit , they immediately resolved to frustrate so formidable a combination . It is known to your lordships that this has been effected , with respect to Denmark , by force of arms . The hostile sentiments of that court , evinced in many ways during some years past , rendered fruitless every other mode of proceeding . It was an unfortunate circumstance , my lords , that the Danish fleet , the only object of our solicitude , should be encircled by the walls of the capital , thereby causing misfortune , which every humane mind would wish to have avoided ; but it is creditable to the arms of this country , and meritorious in the officers commanding the expedition , that every attempt was made to prevent a loss that was inevitable . As soon as success , my lords , enabled you to judge for yourselves , you found verified every prediction of the government ; an arsenal over supplied with every material of equipment , magazines replete with stores , ascertained to 'have been purchased by the agents of France , and those demonstrations which could not escape the eye of seamen , that the fleet was on the eve of being fitted out . The result I need not add ; that fleet is now safe and secure in the harbours of England , ready , if necessary , to be employed in her defence ; and by so many ships of the line of which it is composed , by so many degrees do I consider the liberties of this envied country secure.—My lords , it is justly said in the speech , `` That to place out of the reach of this confederacy the fleets of Portugal and Denmark was the indispensable duty of his majesty . `` And yet , my lords , I have heard it rumoured , 8 that a difference of opinion exists upon this subject ( not in the country ) , but with some members of your lordships ' house . If that is the case , I own I am curious to learn the argument that is to be advanced . Is it possible , my lords , that arty candid and impartial person can doubt the paramount necessity of this