be reduced below that amount , without a constant reparation of the deficiency.—These were two of the three heads of arrangement completely sanctioned by the bank ; the third was sanctioned in principle ; and though the house had to make the arrangement between the public and the public creditor , without the intervention of the bank , there was no doubt of the equity of the arrangement , and , therefore , the house could have no difficulty in acceding to and confirming it . On the first head , the public would have an advantage of 3,000,000l . on account of management , which would be an annual saving of 65,000l . This was so obviously beneficial , that there was no necessity to expatiate on it . The public , he was sure , would receive this , as well as the other parts of the arrangement , with satisfaction . He was sure the more the whole was considered , the more it would be found just and advantageous . There was no room 421 for complaint on the part of the proprietors of bank stock , as if the governors and directors favoured government , nor any ground of complaint on the part of the public , as if the government shewed favour to the bank . It was not to be presumed , that in taking this money the country took the profits and savings of the bank , which the bank alone was entitled to touch . The money taken was a portion of the profits of the public money , which the public might dispose of otherwise , if it suited its convenience or its interest . Many modes had been shewn to the managers of the bank , by which the public money might be economically employed for the public out of the bank . It was on a mutual consideration of the convenience and advantage derived on both sides that the arrangement was framed . The public was at liberty to take advantage of the deposits to save interest incurred in other quarters ; but from motives of regard to general convenience , this arrangement was mutually agreed to . He now submitted it in the hope of obtaining the full sanction of the house . The agreement while advantageous to the public was fair and equitable to the bank . Others might look to greater advantage to the public ; but he was sure the public interest would be found to be fully attended to on a fair consideration of the whole of the circumstances . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` That the sum of 500,000l . being part of the balances arising at the bank of England from the dividends of the public debt due and not demanded , and of the balances of unclaimed lottery prizes , be paid into the exchequer , provided that if at any time the balances remaining in the hands of the cashier of the bank on both these accounts , shall be reduced to a less sum than 100,000l . exclusive of the said sum of 500,000l . and of 376,739l . to which the sum of 500,000l . paid into the exchequer by the said governor and company , in pursuance of an act passed in the 3lst of his present majesty , hath been reduced , then and in such case so much of the said first-mentioned sum of 500,000l . shall be repaid to the said governor and company as shall be equal to the sum by which the said balance shall be less than the sum of 100,000l . '' agreed with the right hon . gentleman , that it was most just that the country should avail itself of the profits arising from its own money , without in- 422 fringing the faith due to the public creditor . He applauded him for his perseverance in that point , upon which the bank seemed to be somewhat perverse ; namely , to take such a part of the unclaimed dividends as would never leave the balance left at the bank