have not let slip any fair opportunity for negociation , no human power shall extract from me the least sanction to their conduct.—In every former period of this contest there was at least some ostensible cause , some plausible pretence on the part of his majesty 's ministers for prolonging hostilities . At one time it was to resist jacobinical principles : at another it was to support the cause of religion and social order , then it was to effect the opening of the Scheld , afterwards , it became a war for the defence of our allies ; a motive now of little import , as my right hon . friend , the foreign secretary will attest , since his time begins to hang so heavily on his hands , and all his foreign concerns and diplomatic missions are reduced to the solitary business of sending his ambassadors-errant to look after the emigrant monarchy of Portugal . At another time it was a war for the restoration of the Bourbons ; an object which has ended in excluding them from every part of continental Europe as well as France , and leaving them no other asylum on earth but England : then it became a war to obtain indemnity for the past and security for the future , and to meet this object Ceylon and Trinidad were to be ceded to us by France ; and lastly , we were at war because we would not make peace separately from our ally the emperor of Russia , a consideration from which , whether fortunately or unfortunately , we are at last relieved ; and , I now defy his majesty 's ministers to name any object for continuing the contest that would not be just as good an argument for eternal war.—But , unless ministers can shew the people of this country why the war is continued , and identify their interests with the contest , you can not keep back petitioners from stating their misfortunes , and urging you to overtures for a peace.—There is another point , sir , on which I differ from noble and rt . hon . 81 friends of mine , who now sit near me ; his majesty 's late chancellor of the exchequer for England ; the late chancellor for Ireland , and a right hon . gent . late secretary for the war department , who say they wish to give his majesty 's ministers further time , and not to press the matter forward too early , in hopes of hearing something on the subject from those ministers ; I allude , sir , to the state of Ireland . On this subject , sir , from What 1 know of their views , their habits , and inveterate prejudices , I am not disposed to give his majesty 's ministers so much as a single week 's credit for their intentions , or to believe that the subject has given them the trouble of a day 's consideration . When , towards the close of the last session , I proposed to bring forward this subject , and appoint a committee to enquire into the state of Ireland , if his majesty 's ministers did not , a right hon . gent . his majesty 's chancellor of the exchequer , assured me , that the subject of Ireland , the promotion of its interests , and the amelioration of its internal affairs , formed a ground of anxious consideration and earnest solicitude with his majesty 's ministers ; and that , in the course of the recess , it would occupy their most earnest attention . But how have they proved even the sincerity of their professions ? Is the name of Ireland even so much as mentioned , or the situation of that country the subject even of the slightest allusion in the speech from the throne ? I see , laid on your table , a return made of the state of glebe lands , ruined churches , and dilapidated parsonage houses in that country , probably with a view to some improvement upon