Bank . In another letter it was stated , that the arrangement now entered into would not preclude a different appropriation of the balances above 10,000,000l . and a discretion was reserved to parliament to that effect . These statements were not easily reconcileable , and therefore he wished for some explanations with a view to a right understanding . said , the noble lord would find that what had passed between him and the Bank was all recapitulated in the note of the 19th Jan. ( p . 250 . ) The words on the particular point alluded to by the noble lord were , that the Bank should , on the 5th of April next , advance 3,000,000l . for the public service , free of interest , the principal to be secured by exchequer bills , to be deposited in the Bank , payable in six months after a definitive treaty of peace . It was certainly not intended that any part of the advantages the Bank now enjoyed by law , should be withdrawn during the present war , nor that any alteration should be made in the general course of proceedings between the Bank and the Exchequer . But it was possible , that some reduction might be made in the amount of balances , by other arrangements pointed out by the committee of Finance , without violating the tenour of the agreement now made between the Bank and the public . The principal point on which this part of the subject turned , was a direct application of some monies from the exchequer itself to the public service . This , though withholding the money , pro tanto , from the Bank , would not alter the course of proceedings between the Exchequer and the Bank.—The house having resolved itself into the committee , rose again . He had the satisfaction , he said , to call the attention of the committee to an Arrangement , which it had been his good fortune to make , under circumstances so advantageous to the public , and at the same time so fair towards the Bank , that he was confident on explaining them to the committee he should have its full approbation . The Papers before the committee contained the details of the correspondence between him and the governor and deputy governor of the Bank . It was therefore only necessary for him to state the origin and conclusion of the arrangement which he had now to submit . The committee would be aware , that this arrangement was first suggested by the 417 Committee appointed last year , to enquire into the means of reducing the public expenditure . The Second Report of that Committee turned upon the management of the public debt by the bank , and the manner in which the bank was connected with the public revenue and the public expenditure . * This subject resolved itself into three heads ; 1st , the Management of the Public Debt ; 2dly , the Balances of the Public Money in the hands of the bank ; and 3dly , the Unclaimed Dividends . On all these heads the committee had presented such facts as afforded opportunities of considering how those matters might be conducted with a saving to the public . The allowance that had been first made for the management of the public debt , the times and degrees in which that allowance had been altered , and the causes of the alteration , were all specified . The great increase of the amount of the public debt since the last alteration , was mentioned as a proper ground for revising the last arrangement , with a view to a saving to the public . On this point the agreement between the bank and himself rested . It was agreed that the allowance for management should be 340l . per million when the debt should amount to 400 millions , and from that to 600 millions inclusive ; 300l . per million for all debt above 600 millions , the 600 millions continuing at 340l . ; and 450l . per