without difficulty . We were not , therefore , to suppose that we had , by the success of our unjust attack upon Denmark , rendered the naval resources of that state much less formidable than they were before . The profit derivable from our iniquity was , in fact , immaterial , while we had created a spirit , and valour , and animosity to fight against us , which must furnish powerful aid to the common enemy.—The noble lord concluded with expressing his cordial concurrence in the principle and object of the motion . said , he would not , at that late hour , trespass long on their lordships ' time , but begged their attention , while he made a few observations , by way of very shortly giving his negative to the motion . The argument of the noble lord who spoke last appeared to him to be involved in great confusion ; but he wished to recal their lordships ' attention to the true state of the question ; and he thought , when he did so , it would appear that it was neither more nor less than that , under a pretence of restoring the Danish fleet , the motion went directly to censure the conduct of ministers , in the expedition to Copenhagen , of which their lordships had already expressed their approbation . If we were obliged to act against a power as we had been against Denmark , could any such procedure be carried on with more caution than that whole transaction had been attended with ? We made them every offer to conciliation that could be devised before the army landed , and met not only with a refusa1 to enter into a negotiation , but this refusal was repeated after the army landed ; and even just before the bombardment commenced , the same offers at negotiation were again made and again rejected ; and they not only refused the very conciliatory terms that were offered them , but even declared that they 661 would make common cause with our enemy . If they had shewn any disposition to negotiate or to keep on amica terms with this country , there might be some ground for the present motion ; but having acted in the very manner they had done , they certainly had forfeited all claim to such treatment as was intended to be held out to them . In this view of the matter , he thought the motion was extremely illtimed , and that it ought to be resisted . A case had already been made out , which , in the face of parliament , and of the world , would justify ministers , who , in this , as in the instance of Portugal , had rescued the country from an impending and most imminent danger . replied with considerable animation . He felt gratified at the discussion which the resolution had called forth , although he must say that it had experienced , from the noble lords who opposed it , a good deal of misrepresentation . He contended , that the analogy attempted with respect to the Toulon fleet , and the capture of the Spanish ships , did not at all apply to the case of Copenhagen . In the former instances , circumstances of hostility had taken place sufficient to justify a declaration , but the attack against Copenhagen had the two characteristics of surprize and spoliation committed on neutral , independent , and friendly power . Madeira had also been alluded to , but it was out of all fair and legitimate comparison to make any such resemblance . The conduct of G. Britain , on that occasion , was that of a friendly power extending its protection to a weak but friendly nation in the hour of impending distress . In what fell from the noble secretary , there was nothing to convince his mind . His arguments alone went to say , that , because this country had commenced a career of injustice , therefore it ought to persevere in it . He felt the