have acted in the same manner at Copenhagen . Bat he would have reason to be offended , if his noble friend had asserted the converse of this proposition ; that those who had acted at Copenhagen would have conducted the Lisbon expedition , in the manner in which it had been conducted . Here he quoted several passages from the instructions to 1234 lords St. Vincent and Rosslyn , to shew that these instructions were a mass of accumulated frauds and delusion ; and after guarding . himself against misconstruction , by stating that the name of the venerable character that appeared affixed to , it , was only there in form , as from the state of his health at the time , it was impossible that it could have been his production , declared , in the face of the house , that these instructions he would not himself have signed . When he had found them in the office , he did not believe that they were the production of that great man , and on inquiry had discovered that the instructions had been drawn up by a right hon colleague of that venerated person , who acted for him during the latter part of his illness . If this was the old system of morality , if these were the frauds , and delusions practised by the priests of the old school , he thanked God they had been departed from . Such delusions might often have been practised , but he had never seen them so set , down before . He knew not how these instructions could he defended . It might he upon the difference of the imminence of the peril . At the time of the Lisbon expedition , Buonaparte was distracted with a rising continental war ; at the period of the Copenhagen expedition , he was combining conquered Europe against this country : in the former case , tire fleet of Portugal could not easily be brought to , act in conjunction with any other naval force ; the Danish fleet , on the contrary , was the point where the junction most formidable to Britain , of the northern fleets , might have been effected : the peril was not more imminent for an army placed at a six weeks march distance at Bayonne , than to Holstein from au army at Hamburgh . The force sent out to-Copenhagen was such as to ensure the success of the expedition with the least possible loss ; and the naked opinion of Mr. Garlike was not to be taken without the circumstances , under which he stated , that the Danish fleet should make no effort-to defend Holstein , that she should have a timely concert with Sweden , and that a good understanding should continue between Great Britain and Russia . Notice of these contingencies had taken place . The measure was to be defended without proceeding one step from the law of nature or nations , and whatever might be the vote of that night , he and his colleagues would have the satisfaction to reflect , that their measures had been successful , and promoted the security of the empire . replied to the observations of the secretary for foreign affairs . The Noble lord chewed , by referring to the dispatches of Mr. Garlike , that Denmark was taking no measures that could warrant the slightest suspicion of any design on her part to act against this country . As to the Russian war , the noble lord was willing to concede , that even if the Danish expedition had not taken place , that war would have arisen ; but yet it would have been a war of a different character . We should not have had the opinion and people of Russia and of the civilized world against us , which the Danish expedition had produced . Upon the nature of the arguments adduced by the right hon . secretary and his advocates , the noble lord animadverted at some length . He conceived those gentlemen , as it were , to confess the