the matters connected with it , to a parliamentary committee , to sit up stairs . Looking to the investigation which this committee would make , he would make no observation now on the matters charged in the petition ; but with a view to the further information of gentlemen , he would move , `` That there be laid before the house a copy of the report of the visiting magistrates of the county of Middlesex , to whom it was referred to inquire into the truth of the allegations of Mr. Sheriff Phillips and Alexander Stephens , with respect to the use of false weights and the distribution of light bread , and other abuses in the Cold Bath Fields Prison . '' did not wish to throw any obstacles in the way of a thorough investigation of the grounds of complaint stated in the petition , though he did not feel disposed to acquiesce in the proposition of the hon . gent . who had just sat down . The right hon . gent . who presented the petition , had intimated his intention to wait till he saw what steps were adopted by the executive government ; and he had now to state that a commission was preparing , in which all the persons , now alive , who had been on the former commission , would be re-appointed , and such names added , as he was sure , from their respectability , would give satisfaction both to the house and the public . confessed , that he stood in the predicament of differing in sentiment with all those who had spoken upon the subject . In the first place , he protested against the doctrine of leaving the grievances of the people to be redressed by what one hon . gent . had pompously denominated his majesty 's government , ' or in other words , by the administration of the day . The hon . gent . who had brought forward the present motion , seemed to entertain the most perverse notions of the nature of the petition , which it was 1175 possible to enter into the head of man . A petition presented to that house praying for a redress of grievances on the part of the people , he had construed into a charge against the magistrates of the county , and the only reason he adduced for inquiring into the matter of the petition , was the vindication of the characters of the magistrates . He contended , on the contrary , that the petition had nothing to do with the characters of the magistrates of the county , and if any of the magistrates were implicated , it was the committee at the head of which was Mr. Mainwaring , and whose duty it was to superintend the due execution of the regulations for the management of the prison . He was convinced , that if the house of commons did not appoint a committee of their own for the purpose of investigating the complaints of the petition , neither the petitioners nor the country would be satisfied . The hon . gent . had thought fit to attribute improper motives to the petitioners , because they had not addressed themselves to the secretary of state before applying to that house , but he thought that the business had been quite long enough in the hands of government . It was first brought forward in 1799 , since which nothing had been done to redress the grievances complained of , and he did not wonder that those who were subjected to them despaired of obtaining any relief from that quarter . Neither was he astonished at the objections which had been started to the appointment of a committee of the house of commons by the chancellor of the exchequer , aware as . he must be , of what would be the result of a public investigation . Restricted as were the powers of the former commission , because it had no authority to make retrospective inquiry , and notwithstanding the long warning and time which had been