been used on his side of the house with respect to America ; and expressed a wish that the gentlemen opposite would beware of attempting to persuade America , that a disposition existed in the present government to provoke war with that country . No man deprecated such an event more than he did , and yet he denied that the benefits resulting from American neutrality were so great as they had been represented . It had been said , that the Americans were the chief instruments in conveying our manufactures to the continent . This , however , was not the fact , and there were many present who knew it as well is he did . The exports to America had been stated at ten millions . They were certainly upwards of nine millions , but of these not much above half were consumed there , and therefore , the Americans were our carriers to a considerable extent ; but in case of a war with America , there were other channels by which the surplus above the consumption of America could be carried to the places where it was wanted . deprecated the taunts and aspersions thrown out against the good faith , honour , and morality , of the existing government of the country ; aspersions at all times mischievous , but at the present awful crisis , alarmingly dangerous , as calculated to excite a distrust in the people , that might be attended with fatal consequences . The learned gent . then contended , that the question of municipal law had been given up by the other side , and that there was not an authority in any one book , from the earliest times of the history of this country , to justify the objection of the law of nations being violated in the Orders in Council . He proceeded at length to invalidate the objections to , and justify the arguments in favour of the justice , policy , and legality of the Orders in Council . was of opinion , that the name of the country , and the character of the country , were the only strength which it retained upon the continent ; and that whatever was fatal to its character , must be fatal to its interests . Viewing the measure before the house as inconsistent with justice , and of course , injurious to the character of England , he felt himself bound to oppose it . He deprecated the idea of acting upon the principles of France , by pursuing the system which gave birth to this measure , and thus taking away the best 1074 of our friends , by involving us in war with America . No measure should he more studiously avoided by England , than that which threatened to deprive us of the affections of America or was likely to lead to a war with America or was likely to lead to a war with country . For the effect of a war with America , would be to render the interests of America , would be to render the interests of France triumphant , and to engage our fleets in the service of the enemy . None of the arguments of the learned gent . who preceded him , served to shew that the empire would be benefited in its financial , commercial , manufacturing , or political interests , by these Orders in Council , while the evils they menaced were obvious . There were two capital faults in the speech of the learned gent . the one of law , the other of fact . He was erroneous in his definition of the law of nations , and his conception of the principles of the late ministers . For the law of nations could never sustain the notion , that because the decree of one belligerent might affect the interest of neutrals , the other belligerent was warranted in controuling the trade of neutrals altogether . And in order to understand the principles of the late ministers , gentlemen had only to look to the letter of lord Howick