honour of the British government , to have openly avowed our determination , rather than by these little unworthy pretexts and artifices , so insulting to common sense and honesty , endeavouring to justify an act , which though in itself atrocious and tyrannical , was , in its execution , attended with circumstances still more disgraceful to the British name and character , than the act itself . But , sir , it is said , with confidence , by the right hon . baronet , that the noble lord only followed the instructions he received from his employers , and that the commutation of territory for subsidy had been recommended by them . When the right hon . baronet stated the instructions lord Wellesley had received , and held in his 1103 hand a large folio volume of papers and instructions , I thought he would have favoured us with one letter or paper of instructions from the secret committee , or the court of directors , justifying lord Wellesley in his conduct to the nabob of Oude , and which might have escaped my observation : and although I should not have thought the violation of a solemn treaty , even under the sanction of such authority , deserving the approval of this house ; yet , certainly , the noble marquis could not have been accused in such case of any thing more than submitting to be the instrument of the Company 's injustice . How then , sir , must the house have been astonished to find , that not one letter , not one scrap of paper , not one expression in any letter , which can be tortured into an instruction to the marquis Wellesley , even to commute the subsidy for territory , with the consent of the nabob , much less against it , has been produced or read ; and after this is broadly stated as one ground of defence of the conduct of the governor-general , we find amounts to no more than this , that in former times the government of India was instructed to attempt to persuade the nabobs of Arcot to commute subsidy for territory , and that lord Wellesley himself actually carried out instructions so to do . Now let us shortly examine this alledged approbation by the Company , of the principle of this commutation . Sir , those who have read the Carnatic papers now on the table of this house , will have found that lord Macartney in 1781 , whilst we were at war , ( I think with Hyder Ali ) procured for the purposes of defence and security , the nabob of Arcot to consent to make an assignment of a stipulated portion of territory , in lieu of the subsidy then paid by him to the Company ; but he expressly states , that this was done by consent , and adds how highly improper it would have been to have used any thing like force to obtain it . On the representation of this circumstance to the supreme government at Bengal , Mr. Hastings and his council approved of the exchange ; but on further reflection , and on lord Macartney 's avowal of his intention to make the exchange more than temporary , a discussion very unpleasant took place between the two governments , and ultimately , Mr. Hastings directed the re-assignment of the territory to the nabob . The court of directors , after stating their reasons , confirmed the order of the government of 1104 Bengal , and lord Macartney retired in consequence from their service in disgust . Next comes the conduct of lord Cornwallis , and this is mainly relied on ! He , it is said , actually made a treaty , by which the nabob agreed , in a certain case , to commute subsidy for territory . He certainly did so : but in what manner , and under what circumstances ? By the treaty of 1787 , the subsidy to be paid by the nabob of Arcot , was increased 200,000l . ; it was always in arrear