almost in direct terms , after the fatal battle of Friedland ; and the whole of his subsequent conduct had been illustrative of it . The movement of the French armies , the appointment of a distinguished officer in Hamburgh , close to the scene of action , and the collection of a vast military force in that neighbourhood , all conduced to shew that he meant to overawe , if not to conquer , Denmark ; and , either by fraud or force , to render her subservient to his grand project for the humiliation of Great 345 Britain . This plan was not confined to Denmark ; it was to be extended to Portugal ; and in both countries all British subjects were to be seized , every means of oppression was to be employed , the combined forces of these kingdoms were to be directed to complete the punishment of the oppressors of the seas , the enemies to the freedom of navigation throughout the world . This was not vague conjecture : the purpose was disclosed at the court of France by her military ruler to the ambassadors of Portugal and of Denmark , in immediate succession . The communication was not made in the moment of haste , or under the ebullition of passion : it was imparted during the frigid formalities of state ceremony . It was well known , that before the 1st of September , he publicly demanded of the minister of the court of Portugal , in the presence of the ministers of all the courts who had envoys in his presence , whether he had transmitted his order to the court of Portugal to join their fleet to the maritime confederacy against England , to shut their ports against its trade , and to confiscate the property of its subjects within the Portuguese territory ? and having said this he turned round to the Danish minister and asked him , whether he had transmitted the same order to his court ? The design of the emperor of the French , therefore , to draw the fleet of Denmark into his power , was manifest , and no documents were required to make it more clear . That he had the power to carry his designs into execution was to him equally clear.—It had been asserted by the noble duke , that many difficulties would remain to be encountered , even after the enemy should be in possession of the peninsula of Jutland . The noble marquis said he had himself taken some pains to collect information as to the maritime obstructions and facilities on the coast of Zealand , which he would submit to the notice of their lordships , in answer to the opinions to which he had just adverted . The ordinary state of the Belt in the winter season was to have the passage intercepted by floating ice , which was carried off by the current , and dispersed by the wind , or occasionally melted during a warm interval , so as entirely to disappear . There were no tides in the Belt ; and the course of the stream accompanying the wind , nothing was more frequent than for vessels in that channel to be driven off from their station . In 346 this situation of things , the enemy might with facility effect his purpose of transport from the adjacent territory . The large extent of coast was another circumstance to be considered ; so that , without the necessity of supposing any favourable state of the elements , it could be readily imagined , that the occupation of the continental dependencies of Denmark would be soon followed by the conquest of her insular possessions . It might be inquired , if the Danish army would be inactive during these hostile proceedings ? What was its strength ? It was stated at 25,000 , men , on paper ; but he believed , in effective force , it did not exceed 18,000 How could this irregular levy encounter the victorious troops of France , poured into the country in numbers , at pleasure ,