that they should be secret , and we could not reasonably expect him to violate that pledge . At the same moment , however , and in the same breath , that we denied the power of Russia to be a fair guarantee between us and France , and rejected that mediation , we solicited it as between us and Denmark , and thought that , , in that case , her . guarantee Was quite sufficient . If the late ministers , however , did not send an army to the assistance of Russia , it was because no army which this country could send had the smallest chance of turning the fate of the last unfortunate campaign . The greatest force that was ever spoken of as possible to attempt a diversion with , was 30,000 British troops and 15,000 Swedes . This force , collected at Stralsund , could have had but very little 442 effect on the campaign . It would not have prevented the defeat of the Russians , and if the event of the battle had even turned out the other way , and that the French had been defeated , still that force would have been too small to throw in the rear of such an immense army on its retreat . It was impossible that this force could have acted upon the flank of the enemy , for they were covered by great rivers , the Oder and the Vistula . In such an expedition , our risk would not be merely an army , but it would be the army of G. Britain . This certainly should not be risked , unless there was a probability of gaining some most important advantage . The fact was , that the late ministers were convinced upon the fullest consideration , that the troops which they could send were not likely to produce any important effect , and that there was only one chance remaining for Europe . To that one chance they paid the utmost attention . That chance was that Austria might be brought to move , and that if the Austrian army marched down to the Lower Elbe , behind the communications of the French army , in that case Europe would have had a fair chance of its deliverance . If that chance had occurred , the circumstances would have arrived in which the late ministers would have been prepared to co-operate with a military force . Combined with the Austrians , every thing might be hoped for ; but if merely combined with the Swedes , the danger that our army would run was much greater than any chance they could have of altering the fate of the campaign . It appeared from all accounts , that the French army had a superiority over the Russians of at least 60,000 men ; and when it was considered in how different a manner the two armies were commanded , it could not be supposed that any reinforcement we could have sent would have out-balanced this disproportion in numbers . He utterly denied that the Russians had ever any prospect of success , although their soldiers gained immortal honour at Eylau . it was a military policy in all countries to endeavour to keep the people in good humour by giving very favourable accounts of their military successes ; but the fact was , that in the battle of Pultusk , ( which they claimed as a victory , ) they were defeated with the loss of 80 pieces of cannon , and the Russian army would have been utterly annihilated , if the badness of the roads had not prevented a division of the 443 the French army from coming up in time . hoped the house would allow him to state some matters which , from the situation he had held , were within his own personal knowledge . The Russian army never had any chance of succeeding in the campaign , or even in the battle of Eylau , where they fought so bravely . The French had certainly the victory . They remained for ten days in