there with a view to their examination , and for the formation of an opinion upon them , or the placing them upon the table of this house , would be mere mockery and insult . From an examination of those papers I think I shall be able to prove , that it was owing to mismanagement , and not to the impossibility of the thing , that negociation did not commence after the peace of Tilsit ; that it was owing to petulance , and if possible , still more flagrant mismanagement , that the offer made by Austria to Mediate between this country and France , in the months of Nov. and Jan. last , was not turned to such an account as might have opened the door to negociation.—Sir , I beg the house to do me the justice to discriminate , and to do the petitioners also the justice to discriminate , between negociation and peace . They do not desire you , and I am not endeavouring to persuade you , to force ministers into the making of a hasty and dishonourable peace ; no disaster to this country could be so great as dishonour ; and we had rather perish than incur it—all I wish is to undeceive you upon the examples of failure in the late and former attempts to negociate , and by shewing you , that in no one instance has negociation with France been so conducted as to bring the matter to this decisive point , that peace can not now be obtained , applying the word now to the period in which such negociation was going on , or might have been entered into , and thence to prove , that it would be expedient to enter into negociation , and that such negociation might be commenced with the hope of a favourable issue . Sir , soon after the battle of Friedland , and before the peace of Tilsit had been concluded , lord G. L. Gower arrived at Memel , as ambassador extraordinary from the court of London to that of S. Petersburgh , and he appears immediately to have addressed a letter to Gen. Budberg , minister for foreign affairs of the emperor Alexander , requiring some information as to the transactions then going forward ; for the first letter we have is an answer from gen. Budberg to lord Granville Leveson , [ p. 110 ] informing him that the report he had heard of the conclusion of the armistice was true : and that it had received its ratification . In fact the armistice was ratified 808 on the 22d of June ; the battle of Friedland having been fought upon the 14th . Here I think it necessary to express my opinion on the subject of the peace of Tilsit . Ministers have described it in their declaration , as a peace injurious to the interest of the Russian empire ; as having been concluded in a moment of despondency and alarm ; as disgraceful to the emperor , and as detrimental to the interests of his empire.—I am totally of a different opinion . In one word , I conceive it to have been the salvation of the emperor , and of his empire . Ministers must know that after the battle of Friedland , there was nothing like a Russian army in existence ; that the corps of troops which remained were flying in every direction , without order , and without a possibility of their being rallied ; and that their numbers were so reduced , that they would have been unable , if they could have been again brought together , to have afforded any resistance whatever to the enemy . The peace of Tilsit was not only justifiable , but indispensibly necessary to the emperor of Russia . I can not help adding , that to me it appears to have been a mark of the most consummate political wisdom in the French emperor to make that peace : that he stopped , at the very moment when he ought to have stopped ; and that what has