be exchanged on the 21st instant . thought that the house had to consider two points upon the present question ; 1st , Whether it was competent to the house to fix any day for the exchange of the lists demanded ; and 2dly , whether there was sufficient time for so doing . The petition against the election of Mr. Fuller , had been within the proper period presented in last session , and had been regularly renewed in the present . It was not the duty of the sitting member to call for any exchange of lists , and the petitioner had neglected to do so until the sitting member had declared his intention to abandon the defence of the seat , which was on the eve of the day on which the petition was ordered to be taken into consideration . If the sitting member had persevered in the defence of his seat , no lists could be exchanged , because a motion to that effect could not be made without notice ; and the house was aware that , as no such notice had been given before the eve of the day for taking the petition into consideration , it could not be available if given on that day , because the ballot for the committee must precede all other business on the subsequent day . As the petitioners , therefore , were by the act placed , to all intents and purposes , in the place of the sitting member , and no lists could be demanded under these circumstances from the sitting member , he contended that no lists could , according to the provisions of the act , or the usage of the house , be demanded from the petitioners . They were required to defend the seat only against the other allegations of the original petition , and were not obliged to enter into any scrutiny of objected votes . The house , too , would do well therefore to reflect , as to the second question , respecting the time mow remaining for exchanging , what a situation they would place the petitioners 1158 in , if they should call upon them within three days from this day to exchange lists of a poll that lasted 15 days , in a county 80 miles long , and in which 8000 electors had polled . The petitioners too had had the opinion of very eminent professional characters to direct them in the course they had taken , and the impression they entertained , that they should not be called upon to give or exchange lists . did not pretend to be lawyer enough to determine how far the opinion of the counsel alluded to by the hon . gent . was correct ; but of this he was certain , that if the house consulted its own honour , it would not give effect to the present attempt . It was well known a month before Mr. Fuller gave in his declaration in writing , that he did not intend to defend his return . It was natural therefore for col. Sergison to say , 'Why should I put myself to expence , or the house to trouble , till I see if any other person will undertake to defend the return ? If the freeholders do so , I know I have 30 days within which to demand an exchange of lists . ' The effect of precluding col. S. from this right , would just amount to this ; that a sitting member , against whom a petition was presented , had only to allege his resolution not to defend his seat ; give in a declaration to that effect , immediately before the day fixed upon for the ballot ; and prevail on a freeholder to step forward and ask leave to defend the return ; thus the petitioner complaining of his return would no longer be at liberty to attack him , and the house itself would be made a party to the imposture . thought the present a question of considerable importance . It had occurred rather