there were many Secret Articles in the treaty of Tilsit ; that the predominant party in the Russian court was French , but that the rational part of the nation was against a war with England—that it was probable the Secret Articles related to Turkey , and to the shutting of the Russian ports against England , in the event of the failure of a negociation within a limited tune . This extract would be sufficient to do away any impression that the rumours to which he alluded might have made , as if the noble writer of the dispatch really attributed the hostility of Russia to the business at Copenhagen . Hoping for a change of circumstances , they had thought it better to afford to the Russian government an opportunity of releasing itself from the embarrassing engagements into which it had unfortunately entered at Tilsit ; and when he considered the nature of the policy and practice of that court , when he contemplated the anxiety which it had always manifested to maintain its rank as Protector of the North of Europe , and the tenacity with which it still fondly wished to cling to that character , he could not suppose a case in which every feeling of its pride and ambition could be so completely gratified as in the submission of our differences with Denmark to the mediation of Russia as Arbitress of the North . She could thus say to herself , the yea of which I am Protectress has been violated ; but those who have violated it are placed in my hands , subject to my mediation . This was the light in which he was confident the application to Russia to mediate , would be considered by every person who was a friend to the true interests of Russia , and it was so considered , until the overbearing influence of gen. Savary altered the tone of the Russian cabinet . But it had been aid , why not attack Cronstadt , and insult the emperor in his own capital ? There was a great party , or rather the majority of the bettermost people in Russia who were anxious for British connection ; but whatever might be the partialities of such persons , they must all 282 feel for the honour and glory of their country , and therefore it could not be desirable to destroy , by an unprofitable attack upon the national feelings , the nascent popularity of this country . We had the right unquestionably , but it was a different question , whether under the circumstances of the case we ought to exercise it : besides , the object was not worth the cost and pain of the undertaking , and the execution of it would have infallibly disgusted those who would be likely to bring back Russia to her real interests . Those gentlemen who admitted that a knowledge of the designs of France , and of the weakness of Denmark , would justify the expedition , seemed to forget the admission , and to urge the broad principles . It was undoubtedly just , that if there were a community of states in Europe , the weaker states ought to be as secure from aggression , as the more powerful ones . This was a principle which had never been denied . But gentlemen applied this principle which properly belonged to that state of Europe , in which the rights of all were secured by the sanctity of public law ; and even the weakest were preserved from aggression or insult , if not by immediate protection , at least by conflicting interests . But , in the enthusiasm of the right hon . gent . 's morality , it was rather strange , that he should have forgotten the moralities of the French Revolution . In the present state of the world , whatever miseries might be produced , whatever calamities endured , whatever atrocities committed , by the permission of that Providence in whom we live , breathe , and have our being , the whole responsibility must rest upon him , who