was more likely to press upon this country than the former upon France . We could not accomplish both objects , that of distressing the enemy by subjecting him to wants , and that of relieving our own trade by supplying him ; one of these aims we might partially attain ; but , in proportion as we should approach to it , we must recede from the other . The policy of wantonly rushing into a contest with the only remaining neutral , while we were so dependant upon foreign demand , he could not see . The conciliatory language held a few nights ago by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had been hailed by him as the promise of a better disposition : that right hon . gent . had said , that the prosperity of America was the prosperity of G. Britain ; and he might have added , that the prosperity of the world was the prosperity of G. Britain.—Such language was not the mark of despondency or submission , it was more apt to spring from confidence in moderate views and in a just cause . Why should it not be used in speaking of other foreign relations ? it might invite or cultivate dispositions of returning amity , and he trusted could never be interpreted as an inclination to surrender one essential or important interest of the country . Such language , too , would discourage Petitions for Peace . The course we were pursuing must prolong our own commercial distresses , and , in his Opinion , would have no other effect on the enemy than that of furnishing him with a new stimulus to the enthusiasm of his immense armies , in maintaining the contest against us until what he would denominate our maritime tyranny should be effectually controlled . felt particularly the injury that would be sustained by the interruption of the American corn trade , shut up and deprived as we were of all supplies of that essential necessary from the Baltic . The right hon . gent . who brought in this bill in one hand , ought , therefore to have brought in a General Inclosure bill in the other . He greatly rejoiced at the sentiments expressed by the right hon . gentlemen as to the value of the connexion with 682 America , but he feared their acts contradicted their sentiments . contended that America had submitted to no injury on the part of France , and therefore we were not entitled to inflict any injury on the ground of retaliation . He instanced two cases of the detention of American ships , one by a Spanish , and the other by a French cruiser ; both were released with costs and charges after a hearing in a French and Spanish court of prize appeal . He hoped that the same sense of public duty which had in another place triumphed this night would here also put the public in possession of the necessary information upon this important point . It was not for the interest of this country to force a war between America and France ; next to a war between England and America a war between France and America would be most injurious . The neutrality of America was the means of diffusing the manufactures of G. Britain . The retaliation of French prohibition would but deprive the more wealthy among the French people of a few luxuries , while the annihilation of neutral commerce would be most injurious to the manufactures of G. Britain . The accumulation of sugars that would be created here by the collected produce of the various islands conquered by this country ; by the importation from the French islands , in American bottoms ; and by the importation from the Brazils , now sanctioned by act of parliament ; the arts of substitution which the French people would learn , and the privations to which they would accustom themselves , would be lasting injuries to this country and her colonies . Thus , this measure , which promised so much benefit at the