step upon it , not holding himself at liberty to mention the name , or to designate the source from which he had derived his information . He saw no necessity in presenting this petition , unless it were with a view to insinuate that his majesty 's ministers were inclined to neglect what they were in fact perfectly disposed to do , if they were supplied with proper materials to proceed upon . stated , that he also had received a letter upon this subject , which he had transmitted to his noble friend the secretary for the home department . wished to know the distinction taken in this case between an official and unofficial form of communication . The individuals concerned could make the communication , as it appeared from all that had been said , only as private persons . said , that when a communication was marked 'private , ' no disclosure could with propriety be made of its contents , nor of the name of its author , nor could it in any way be used as a public document . said there must have been some mistake on this head , as such privacy could never have been intended by those who put themselves so publickly forward in this and in other places , to correct the grievance . said a few words in vindication of Mr. Mainwaring , who had , in conformity with his duty , referred this matter to the magistrates—The Petition was then ordered to lie on the table . EXPORTATION OF COTTON . ] The house resolved itself into a committee of ways and means , Mr. Wharton in the chair . proposed to lay the same duty on the exportation from this country of cotton wool , the produce of British colonies , as now existed on the exportation from this country of cotton wool , the produce of any other part of the world . His object in proposing this was , not for the purpose of raising a revenue , but to effect a prohibition in the only way it could be effected . He had , therefore , calculated the duty so as to be just under the amount of the insurance which merchants would pay for the risk , if the article were prohibited . He therefore moved , 'That towards raising the supply there be laid on every pound of Cotton Wool exported from this country , being the produce of British colonies , the duty of ninepence'—The article of salt was in great demand in the north of Europe , where it could not be dispensed with . By the measures of the enemy the exportation from this country would be increased , rather than obstructed , for those measures empowered the country by the law of retaliation , to prevent the continent from getting salt any where but from G. Britain . He therefore moved , 'That towards raising 690 the supply , there be laid on the exportation of all salt to the continent of Europe , a duty of 9d . per bushel ; and on the exportation of all salt to distant parts in the world ( with the exception of British colonies ) a duty of 3d a bushel . '—A conversation ensued , in which Mr. Ponsonby and lord H. Petty disputed the expediency of these propositions . The Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Huskisson maintained the expediency of them . On the latter proposition Mr. Davenport and gen. Gascoyne recommended caution and deliberation . Mr. Baring was apprehensive that these duties on salt would act as protecting duties on the salt of American manufacture , and that when we had once lost the market for that article , we should be unable to regain it.—In answer to a question from lord H. Petty , the Chancellor of the Exchequer stated , that he meant the duty also to apply to the exportation of salt from the Bahamas to America.—The Resolutions sere then agreed to . stated , that in consequence of an amendment which he intended to introduce into the Orders in Council bill