agonies and convulsive efforts , seemed to wish to prove that they had as much energy as Buonaparte . He was no defender of Buonaparte , but still , if he did any thing that was good , he was not ashamed to say that it was good . He was not ashamed to say , that some of the best laws in our Statute Book were enacted during the tyrannical reign of Richard the 3rd . He did not well know how neutrals could relish our law of retaliation . It seemed to be upon this principle : 'Buonaparte has flead you , and therefore we will cut you to the bone . ' It behoved the legislature , before the Orders could have any effect upon foreign nations , to ascertain whether they were right . His right hon . friend had stated , that these Orders were in retaliation of the measures of the enemy , upon the same principle as the Order of the 7th of Jan. 1807 . But he contended , that they could not be considered as measures of retaliation , because the French Decree of the 21st of Nov. 1806 , had never been acted upon , so as to require such a retaliation . In proof of this he quoted the answer of the French minister of marine to the application of the American minister for an explanation of that Decree , in which it was stated , that the Decree did not alter the maritime law of France with respect to captures ; that American ships would not be captured when passing between the ports of America and England , and that it was only the entrance of such vessels into the ports of France with English goods , which amounted to a breach of the blockade , that would subject them to capture . Another communication , on the same subject , dated the 24th of Dec. gave a positive explanation , as the previous one had a negative explanation , that neutral vessels , coming from England or her colonies , would not be received in the ports of France ; and , if detected in endeavouring to evade this 332 decree by false papers , would be confiscated ; so that the decree of the 21st of Nov. had not been acted upon in France , from the time of its publication up to September last , in any manner to call for the retaliation by her Orders in Council . The Decree had been adopted in Spain , and in that country too , it had not been executed , any more than in France , in any way , so as to authorize the measures that had been resorted to by this government . The case of the vessel , the Shepherdess , an American , with a cargo of English merchandize , which after an appeal to the Admiralty Court at Madrid , had been released from a Spanish port , he stated to demonstrate that fact . There was no justification of the Orders in Council therefore , in the conduct of the enemy . As to the case of America , it was his wish that we should relax in our rights in her favour as much as our circumstances would admit of ; and here he was ready to deny the application of the principle , that we had no right to search neutral merchant vessels for any thing but contraband of war . The insult to a state could only be offered by searching a vessel of the state ; the search of a private vessel might amount to a private injury , but could not be considered a public insult . As to the certificates of origin , his right hon . friend must know , that until lord Auckland 's treaty , they were uniformly required in the ports of France , and in time of peace . On all these grounds he should agree with his noble friend in opposing the Speaker 's leaving the chair , because he thought that this was a question upon which