house in possession of the document by which alone it could judge whether the representation given of it was just or erroneous ? There were a variety of ways in which this practice might become prejudicial , not only to the constitution but to the whole code of parliamentary regulations . If it was allowed , it would be impossible to avoid referring to former nights ' debates , which at present was not permitted ; because there was no necessity for it , when the documents which formed the subject of discussion were upon the table of the house , and therefore might be referred to as often as occasion required . In a constitutional view it was obviously of the most fatal tendency , because it might be converted into an engine of dangerous influence upon the proceedings of the house on the part of the king . The fact , therefore , having happened , it was incumbent upon the house to come to some resolution respecting it which would prevent it from again recurring . There was also another point of view in which the conduct of the right hon . secretary appeared to be highly censurable , namely , in disclosing the secrets of his office , without the command or permission of his sovereign . The great officers of state were bound by law to the most profound secrecy in the exercise of the trust reposed in them , and they could not be absolved from this obligation of secresy , excepting by command of the sovereign . A secretary of state had no more right , of his own accord to disclose the contents of any dispatch with which he was entrusted , than a person picking it up by accident would have to publish it . The interference of the house , therefore , was essentially necessary on the present occasion , as well to mark its disapprobation of the misconduct of one of the servants of the crown in his official capacity , as to secure the regularity of its own proceedings , and the independence of parliament . On these grounds , Mr. Adam concluded with moving the following Resolutions : 1 . `` That it appears to this house , that one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state did read to this house dispatches , and parts of dispatches , and other communications , to and from the accredited ministers of this country at foreign courts , relative to the subjects of their missions ; and that he has stated and read other matters respecting the transactions 905 of this country with foreign powers , none of which were then communicated to this house by his majesty 's commands , and some of which this house has determined to be unfit to be produced . 2 . That such conduct is subversive of the ancient and approved usages of parliament , is destructive of fair discussion and decision , and has a direct tendency to injure the public interest , by making the resolutions of this house proceed on inaccurate statements , which it can not correct by reference to the documents from which those statements are made ; or to force on the consideration of this house , papers which , in its wisdom , it may deem unfit for public production . And further , That such conduct is contrary to the trust which is reposed by the constitution in the confidential servants of the crown . '' said , he rose with more confidence than he expected he should have done . When he considered the profound legal knowledge , the deep parliamentary research , the great experience and the great eloquence of the hon . and learned gent . he feared that he should sink under the combination of all these acquirements . He expected something would have come from the honourable and learned gent . which would have entirely changed the nature of the question . If the hon . and learned gent . was satisfied with his speech , he was no less so ; for with whatever confidence he had