was carrying on , to the minister at the other court , consisted only of a transmission of the official documents ; lest a cross negotiation should be produced . Lord Pembroke soon after that time , was appointed the British minister at Vienna . Had his lordship found the terms of mediation accepted by the other powers , he would have communicated that acceptance to his government at home ; but his voyage and journey had been so delayed by unfavourable circumstances , that he did not arrive at Vienna , until the latter end of June . A few hours afterwards the fatal news of the battle of Friedland reached that capital ; and of course no more was heard of Austrian mediation ; nor had government received any other political communication of importance from the continent , until that offer ( at the desire of France ) which was then on the table . felt a good deal of astonishment at the conduct of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down . His observations seemed all to be stated from the question , rather than to the question , and to have been prepared more in contemplation of an accusation against the late ministers , than to have presented themselves on the motion of his hon . friend . First , the late ministers were culpable in having held out assurances , or exciting hopes of co-operation to the continental powers . Again , they were wrong in not granting a subsidy under the description of a loan . In one point he was perfectly ready to agree with the right hon . gent . that it would be highly improper , that any communication should be made which could at . all go to affect any districts , the inhabitants , of which were now subject to the emperor of the French . He was certain his hon . friend would agree with him in thinking , that nothing could be so wrong as to put the French in possession of any information which could enable them to wreak their vengeance on persons in this unfortunate predicament . But , the right hon . gent . said the communications made by the emperor of Russia to lord Hutchinson can not be produced , because they are verbal . He believed there never was an instance of a crowned head making any other but verbal communications to those who were in his confidence . Did the 612 right hon . gent . expect that the emperor should have sent , or delivered , a dispatch to lord ? H. ? He would wish to know , however , why the communication had been made to lord H. but that he might impart it to his government ? Why it had been by him communicated ? Why it had been by him communicated to our ambassador but for the same reason ? And why the ambassador had thought it of such consequences as again to communicate it to the secretary of state of foreign affairs ? It was said however , that this last communication was made by a private letter . He did not ask for the private letter , but for the genuine purport of the communication . When the chief of a government , offering to us his mediation , condescended to communicate on that subject with a native of this country , and that communication was transmitted to our official servants at home , was not the house entitled to know that such mediation was not improvidently slighted ? As to the right hon . gent . 's observations on a member of this house , but not now present ( Mr. Grenville ) that was all a joke ; the observation was below him . At least it was below the house to listen to it . He , the king 's minister , received from the king 's ambassador , and for the people of this kingdom , a letter , the very essence and quality of which proved it to be of a public and important nature