himself in the situation of first lord of the Admiralty at the time of the transactions which were referred to in the hon . gent . 's motions , he could not ascertain whether all that had passed through his hands was to he had in the office . But a great part of the dispatches had arrived after , and of this he could know nothing whatever . It would appear by the report of sir T. Louis , who was sent to examine the state of the Turkish fleet , the arsenals and castles of the Dardanelles , on the 5th of Dec. that the hon . admiral thought the force sent amply sufficient . This was six weeks before the expedition . He was anxious to have before the house the dispatch of lord Collingwood respecting this report . He had in this view written to the Board of Admiralty , to ascertain whether the paper was in their office . The Board returned for answer that no such paper was to be found in their office , and that they doubted whether it existed . He then sent them his own copy , which , after pressing it as strongly as he could upon them on public grounds , they twice returned as not essential to any public service , and relating to a transaction wholly gone by : —a transaction in which lord Collingwood 's conduct might possibly be implicated , on the ground of sending an insufficient force to the Dardanelles , could not be properly looked upon with such indifference ; for though he did not mean to throw any part of the responsibility off himself on any body , yet certainly lord Collingwood might be supposed to have most to do with the appointment of the rate of force sent . Neither was it respectful to parliament to resist a document so proper to throw light on a matter , about which an inquiry was to be instituted in the house of commons . With respect to the aggravated statement of attacking a neutral and an ally in time of peace , it would appear 492 by the Instructions to lord Collingwood , that the attack was not to be made , nor any hostile step taken , till our ambassador should have informed the admiral that the relations of peace and amity had ceased to exist . Lord Collingwood being absent in the Mediterranean , he knew not how the house could be put in possession of the important papers he had referred to , except in the manner he had proposed , and he left it to the house to judge of the fairness with which he had been treated by the board of Admiralty . He hoped the house would give him at least the relief of considering the paper in his hands as authentic . He hoped the fullest information would be granted , and he challenged the fullest inquiry upon that information . explained the grounds on which the board of admiralty had conceived it impossible to retain the papers sent by the right hon . gent . The office of lord high admiral being executed by commissioners , it was necessary that all orders should be signed by three of those commissioners . The first lord was unquestionably in the habit of private correspondence with officers on service ; but no officer would be justified in acting on such private communication . Even in the right hon . gent 's . letter to lord Coilingwood , he had admitted this , by stating , that his lordship would receive official instructions on the subject . Those instructions were sent ; duplicates of them were now in the admiralty office , and might be produced if required . He begged to call to the recollection of the right hon . gent. , the practice of the admiralty when a private communication to or from the first lord was Made official . The first lord brought it to the board . It was read by the secretary ; a minute was made of the transaction ; an order