a general would have ventured to march an army across it . But even-had it so chanced that a very hard frost should have suggested to the French , the idea of marching across the Belt , what would have been the consequence ? A noble lord had stated the other evening that there were 35,000 troops in Zealand , certainly there were 30,000 in Holstein : this amounted to 65,000 Danes . The Swedes were their allies , and so were we ; and was it possible , that France could have got a force over the Great Belt , in spite of the Danish three , and the Swedish force , and the British force united ? Had the Belt not been frozen over , the French would have no . chance whatever of getting into Zealand . The Danes themselves could have kept them out ; and therefore to imagine that the conjunct Danish , Swedish , and British marine could riot have prevented 259 them , would have been most childishly absurd . As it was material to know what were the means which France possessed of carrying her plans into effect , he had framed a Resolution for that purpose , although he was convinced she possessed no such means.—The next consideration was , how far France was to receive assistance in the execution of her projects from Russia ? Immediately after the conclusion of peace at Tilsit , it had been argued by many , that Russia had thrown herself into the arms of France , and thereby had given preponderance to that power in the North of Europe . To those who believed this it must have been strange to see the Danish marine taken possession of by this country , and the Russian marine permitted to rove about at pleasure . In one of lord Leveson Gower 's dispatches , dated the 2d of Sept. ( p . 191 . ) his lordship stated that in a conference with general Budberg , the general allowed the existence of secret articles in the Treaty of Tilsit , but declared that those articles had no reference to England . Now , it had been insisted in his majesty 's Declaration relative to Russia and Denmark , that it was a knowledge of those secret articles that had induced his majesty to take the steps that he had done for the purpose of securing the Danish fleet . It therefore became material to know when his majesty 's ministers became acquainted with those secret articles ; how far they related to Denmark ; and how far by those articles France approached her purpose , with regard to the marine of that country . In another dispatch lord Gower said , that in a conversation with the Russian minister , the latter had not alluded to the transaction at Copenhagen , and added , that he was surprised next morning to receive a Note ( p. 194 ) in which it was stated , that the emperor experienced great pain and anxiety in consequence of an intimation of this transaction , which he had received from his own minister , and from the court of Denmark . The English ambassador was instructed to give an account to the court of St. Petersburgh of the motives by which the British ministry had been actuated . He was instructed to declare , that they had been long in possession of data , winch left no doubt of the intention of the French government relative to the marine of Denmark . Why this they might have known ever since the war broke out ! He was still further inst meted to say , that the Danish fleet had been intended to aid a descent on the coast of 260 the British empire , and , therefore , that the security of his dominons had obliged his majesty to deprive France of so powerful an assistance ( p . 205 . ) This was the explanation given by his majesty 's ministers to the emperor of Russia—to that very emperor of Russia , who was now represented by them as