what means could she be rendered impartial ? If therefore you could not accept the emperor of Russia as an impartial mediator at that time , and under all the circumstances of the case , why not end the matter at once , in terms of decorum and civility ? —The second set of papers begins with a dispatch from lord Granville Leveson to time secretary of state , dated the 2d of Sept. 1807 . [ p . 195 . ] His lordship informs Mr. Canning that he had held a conference with gen. Budberg , who was already apprised of the answer given by time secretary of state to Mr. Alopeus of the conditional acceptance by the court of London of the proffered mediation of Russia . Sir , I beg leave to remark that no conditions had been specifically stated in Mr. Canning 's note to Mr. Alopeus , upon which conditions the court of London would accept the mediation of Russia . Mr. Canning said , that his maj. was waiting with solicitude for the communication of the articles of the treaty of Tilsit , and the statement of those equitable and honourable principles upon which France was desirous of concluding a peace ; but he no where states the conditions upon which England would accept the mediation of Russia ; and it is lord Granville Levison himself , who in this note for the first time states those conditions . In the conference with gen. Budberg he tells the general , that he is instructed in the first instance to request the communication of the secret articles of the treaty of Tilsit ; and a frank declaration of the general views and intentions of the court of Petersburgh . Upon 815 the first of these two conditions I have to observe , that I think it was absolutely impossible for Russia to accede to it . The very word secret implies that there was something to be withheld by the two powers ; the revealing of which would be a violation of the very conditions of the articles themselves . I refer you for the justice of my remark to what has recently passed between this country and Portugal . I asked in this house for a communication of the treaty which had been executed between the two powers previous to the departure of the court of Lisbon to the Brazils . The answer made to me was , `` England is bound to keep that treaty secret ; and it can not be disclosed without the consent of Portugal . '' The answer was irresistible , and I immediately desisted from my enquiry . But does that apply to England alone ? And is not the rule of honour for England the rule of honour for France , for Russia , and for all the rest of the world ? How then was it possible for the king 's ministers to demand a communication of the secret articles of the treaty of Tilsit ? It might indeed be very proper to ask whether there existed any secret articles at all , and if the answer was that such articles did exist , it might also be proper for England to say , if you are under secret engagements to France , we can not accept of your mediation . It appears to me that the repeated assurances of Russia respecting the innoxious nature of the secret articles in relation to England , might have been relied upon with a degree of confidence sufficient to justify the acceptance of the mediation , if otherwise desirable ; because in the course of the negociation , England might have proposed and insisted upon any provisions to secure those interests which she suspected to be in danger from the operation of the secret articles . But to ask for a communication of such articles was insulting to Russia , and it was manifestly impossible for Russia to make it . As to the general views of the court of St. Petersburgh they were sufficiently disclosed by the offer of mediation itself . The decided opinion of the court