seemed to have made a bull , for his argument went against his vote . The individual alluded to had uniformly taken a line of conduct , and uttered sentiments offensive and injurious to the Catholic body , and as he was an officer employed under the government , it was thought right to dismiss him , in order to guard the government from being considered as approving of such conduct . As to the question , whether the dismissal under such circumstances ought to give rise to a perpetual exclusion of the individual , the Irish and British public would decide , whether the conduct of the present government , or of lord Hardwicke , was the more meritorious . He had been frequently consulted by that great statesman , Mr. Fox , whose loss upon every account is so much to be lamented , on the subject of the Catholics . He had enjoyed a considerable portion of his confidence , but had never heard him say a word upon this subject . and sir John Newport , in reply , argued in favour of the motion ; and Dr. Duigenan and Mr. Perceval against it , when the house divided , For the motion 57 ; Against it 103 ; Majority against the motion 40. rose to call the attention of the house to a subject of as serious a nature as any that could he submitted to parliament : nothing connected with so leading a feature in the defence of our country as the British navy could possibly be deemed unimportant ; nor could that house , or the country , exercise too strict a jealousy over that public board , to which the conduct and interests of the navy were at any time entrusted . He confessed , that not only in the instance with respect 880 to which he was now to move for certain papers , did he think the conduct of the noble lord at the head of the admiralty not the most judicious in the appointment of an hon . captain to so eminent a command as he lately held in the Baltic expedition , he did think that that noble lord had not exercised a sound discretion . This , how , ever , he only touched upon , and would pass to the business immediately before the house . In the first place then , he took it upon him to assert , that sir Richard Strachan had been compelled to abandon the blockade of the Rochfort Squadron by the want of a seasonable supply of provisions ; and this assertion ho did not wish the house to take upon his Own bare statement : so far from it , that he now moved for the documents , which , when upon the table of that house , would either confirm or falsify that statement . The circumstances , he had reason to believe , were simply these : sir Rd . Strachan had been compelled , by the want of provisions , to abandon the blockade ; and so very urgent was the necessity , that he was compelled to cruize in the offing for whatever he could meet ; whether the long and vainly expected victuallers , or whatever chance might throw in his way . When that gallant officer met the Superb , the supply with which he was furnished from that vessel was not sufficient to enable him to follow in pursuit of the , enemy ; but there could not be a stronger proof of the extreme pressure and extent of his necessity than the fact he was about to state to the house : that after the gallant admiral had come up with the Superb and Colossus , and after he had taken from them all they could possibly spare , he was obliged to apply to the Ferrol squadron , and get from them all they could give . Here it appeared to him as if the common routine had been lost sight of , which had prescribed the utmost vigilance and attention towards all blockading squadrons ; not to mention what