it was to endeavour to render the law of the land as unexceptionable as possible , should shew so great reluctance to bring forward a bill which might meet their own ideas on the subject . replied generally to the arguments of lord Ellenborough , when the house divided on the question for the second reading : Contents 5 : Non contents 9 : Majority 4.—The bill was accordingly thrown out . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the appointment of a Select Committee , to inquire into the present state of the Affairs of the East India Company . He stated , that the same causes which created the deficit which existed last year , still continued to operate , and that there was a deficit now to a very considerable amount . He wished , therefore , that a committee should be appointed to investigate the cause which had produced , and which tended to perpetuate this deficit , and to suggest the most proper remedy to apply to it . Advice , had been expected from the noble lord who now presided over the affairs of India , which might be useful in guiding the inquiries of the committee , but none had been as yet received . He thought , however , that the documents to which the committee might have access would be sufficient to enable them to make a report on the subject . He concluded by moving , `` That a committee be appointed 1072 to inquire into the present state of the Affairs of the East India Company . '' rose , not for the purpose of opposing , but of supporting the motion ; convinced as he was that it was only by a committee , that the situation of the East India Company could be properly investigated ; and that the statements of the different budgets had been delusive from beginning to end . He asked , whether it was the intention of the right hon . gent . that the committee should confine their inquiries to the financial and commercial state of the company , or that they should extend their investigation to its territorial concerns ? replied , that it was his wish that the inquiries of the committee should be the most comprehensive , though he did not imagine that they would consider it necessary to investigate the whole system of Indian policy under the different governments for many years past—The motion was agreed to , and a committee of 21 members appointed . [ ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL . ] The order of the day was read , for resuming the adjourned debate on the Orders in Council bill . spoke against the bill . He thought it was unjust as to neutrals , and inexpedient as a measure . The chief ground taken by ministers was stated in the preamble to the Orders in Council , to be , that the government of France had issued certain decrees . The question was , how far we were justified in making neutrals suffer for this . No retaliation could , in his opinion , be justified on the principle assumed by ministers , that neutrals must take the consequences of the retaliation which had become necessary on the part of this country . Mr. Armstrong , the American minister at Paris , had applied to the minister of marine in France , on the subject , and was informed by him that the Decrees were not to be acted upon with respect to America . No better authority could be applied to , and it was not necessary for him to enquire farther . We had , therefore , rashly cast away the American trade . He answered the arguments that had been urged on the subject of premiums on insurance ; he thought that we ought to have waited another month to see how the Americans would act , and was of opinion , that if the doctrine of ministers was admitted , it would be impossible that neutrals could carry on any trade whatever . denied that any inflammatory language had