house be given to lieut . gen. sir Harry Burrard , bart . lieut . gen. the earl of Rosslyn , lieut . gen. sir George Ludlow , lieut . gen. sir David Baird , majs . gen. the hon . Edw . Finch , Tho . Grosvenor , the right hon . sir Arthur Wellesley , sir Tho . Blomefield , hart . Dreschell , baron Linsingen , Brent Spencer , brigadiers general Robert M'Farlane , and Henry Warde , and to the several officers who served in the army commanded by lieut . general the right hon . lord viscount Cathcart , for the zeal , intrepidity , and exertion which they displayed in the various operations which were necessay for conducting the siege , and effecting the surrender of the Navy and Arsenal , of Copenhagen . 2 . That this house doth highly approve of and acknowledge the distinguished regularity , discipline , valour , and exertions , displayed by the Non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the said army in all the operations attending the reduction of the Fleet and Arsenal of Copenhagen ; and that the same be signified to them by the commanders of the several corps , who are desired to thank them for their distinguished and exemplary conduct . 3 . That the Thanks of this house be given to admiral the right hon . lord Gambier , for the distinguished ability . and promptitude displayed in the judicious distribution of his majesty 's Fleet under his command in the Baltic , by which all succours were cut off from the island of Zealand , and the uninterrupted operations of the army at the siege of Copenhagen were secured , and for his zealous and cordial co-operation with the land forces during that important service , after every means of negotiation had been exhausted ; and also for the judgment and indefatigable activity manifested by him in equipping the Danish Navy for sea , and effecting the embarkation and removal of the naval stores from the arsenal of Copenhagen . 4 . That the Thanks of this house be given to vice admiral sir Henry Edwin Stanhope , bart . to rear admiral Essington , to rear admiral sir Samuel Hood , to rear admiral Keats , to captain sir Home Popham , first captain to the right hon . admiral lord Gambier , and to the several captains and officers in the fleet under the command of the said admiral , for their cordial and effectual co-operation with the land forces during the siege of Copenhagen , and for their indefatigable activity and exertions in equipping the 184 Danish Navy for sea , and effecting the embarkation and removal of the naval stores from the arsenal at that place . 5 . That this house doth highly approve of and acknowledge the services of the Seamen and Marines on board the ships under the command of admiral lord Gambier , in their cordial and . effectual co-operation with the land forces during the siege of Copenhagen , in their indefatigable activity and exertions in equipping the Danish navy for sea , and in effecting the embarkation and removal of the naval stores from the arsenal at that place ; and that the captains of the several ships do signify the same to their respective crews , and do thank them for their distinguished and exemplary conduct . '' rose , to move for a revival of the Committee of Finance . It was not necessary , he said , for him to trespass at any length upon the attention of the house , by detailing the advantages the country and the public service had derived from the arduous labours of that committee since its first appointment : or the great savings and valuable regulations which had been effected in various departments and branches of the public service , from their suggestions . He particularly instanced in the department of the army , the Pay-office ; and he had the satisfaction to add , that government had been fortunate in an opportunity of committing the duty of carrying those regulations into effect