knew , been communicated to lord G. L. Gower , with the intention of being sent to our ministers . Why , then , should it not he communicated to the house ? It was already known to all , and why should the house of commons remain without the knowledge of it in a regular and authentic form . The emperor , confiding in the judgment and integrity of the distinguished individual alluded to , asked him whether , considering the situation of affairs , peace ought not to be concluded ? That noble lord asserted that it ought . The emperor then said , that he had offered his mediation for a peace with England , stating , at the same time , that from what he knew , peace might be concluded on honourable terms . Was not this document necessary , in order to enable the house to form its judgment ? Was there any thing indiscreet in the communication made on this subject ? No—the noble lord was prevented by no obligation whatever of duty or of expediency to conceal the conversation . It was not done rashly . He knew well what what to do ought to be concealed and what not . There were some parts of the conferences 604 which he had not detailed , which shewed that he had weighted the matter well , and withheld what he thought it improper to disclose.—The hon . gent . then proceeded to state instances in which communications of conversations with sovereigns had been laid before the house . He mentioned , first , the confidential conversation between the first consul of France and lord Whitworth , which had been made public , in his opinion , most indiscreetly . The next instance was the communication of the public conference of lord Whitworth with Buonaparte , the publication of which he considerable as manifesting a still greater indiscretion . He also adverted to the dispatch of lord Strangford , who talked of taking upon himself to forgive the paccadillo of the prince regent . Where was the delicacy of the right hon . gentleman when he published this ? He might at least have spared the humbled prince this mortification . But there was a prince who was not ashamed of giving his conversations to the world—he meant the Crown Prince of Denmark , who , on Mr. Jackson 's adverting to the asperity of his language , said , that no wonder if his reply was marked by asperity , when such propositions were made to him ; who , on our offer of what we called advantageous terms , replied , `` what will you give me as a compensation for the wounded honour of Denmark ? '' The ministers had been very liberal of their communications after the death of Mr. Pitt , and laid the treaties with Austria , & c. & c. on the table , together with a dispatch mentioning the sentiments of prince Charles , which , though very proper to be communicated to them , ought not to have been made public.—It might , perhaps , be said , that he went to the extent of claiming all information . But he disclaimed any such intention . Whatever it might be prejudicial to the interests of the public to produce , he did not want ; but when information was refused , merely because it would be prejudicial to the interest of ministers , he would put it to the sense of the house of commons whether it ought to be withheld . It might be said that he might argue on the paper in question as a matter of notoriety . Why , so he might , but he thought it more decorous to have it in a regular way before the house . Did such a paper exist ? If they said—no , he should then know what to do . If it did exist in an authentic form , the house would decide whether it ought to be 605 refused.—On these grounds , he trusted the house would decide in favour of his