violence , one half of his territories , and reserving to ourselves the complete controul over the remainder , by a paper , which we chose to denominate the treaty of 1801 . The pretences assigned for this conduct , particularly by a right hon . baronet , whose connections with , and obligations to , the noble marquis , have induced him to stand forwards as the champion of the government of India , on this occasion , are three-fold ; first , the right ; secondly , the expediency and even necessity of the exercise of it ; and thirdly , instructions of the government at home.—First , sir , as to the right of the government of India , to commit these acts of tyranny . From whence is it derived ? The right hon . bart . has not condescended to tell us . Is it derived from the treaty of 1798 ? That in the article to which I have referred , expressly guarantees the right of the nabob to a full authority over his household affairs , his troops , and his subjects . As long as this treaty existed , therefore , government could have no right to disband a soldier , or to interfere even with the lowest of his subjects ; but says an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitshed Keene ) the right is that of the sword , obtained by conquest , by that alone can your government in India be supported . ' What occasion then for treaties , if the will of the conqueror is to be the only law ? Willing . am I to acknowledge , that when Sujah-ul-Dowlah , after the subjugation of his ally , Meer Caassim Ally , the nabob of Bengal , fell into the hands of the British , at the battle of Calpi , in 1765 , it was the undoubted right of the India company , to have disposed of the territories of Oude , in the manner they deemed most advantageous to their interests . Indeed it appears they did so , for after having granted the emperor of Delhi , ( for whose cause , and at whose mandate the nabob of Oude first entered on the war with the British government ) , they actually , by a firmaun or agreement with the emperor , Made over to him the greater part of the dominions of Sujah-ul-Dowlah , which they had so conquered , and reserved a part to themselves . This Was the right of conquest ; a dreadful , but legitimate right . The sovereign was a prisoner in your camp—his dominions at your feet ; but what was the conduct of lord Clive when he heard of this agreement ? He refused to ratify it ; he considered that in every view of policy an extension of territory , was to be deprecated ; he released the captive monarch ; he restored him to his dominions ; 1092 he executed with him a treaty offensive and defensive , by which the two states agreed mutually to assist each other , in case of attack , with part or the whole of their respective forces , as might be necessary . If , therefore , you had the right of subjugation by conquest , did you not abandon that right , when you concluded this treaty with Sujah-ul-Dowlah ? And is there a single word in all the treaties since executed with the sovereigns of Oude , in which this right of conquest is referred to in the most distant manner ? But , says the hon . gent . to whom I last alluded , 'the nabob of Oude was never considered as more than the ward of the company , who were his guardians . ' Well then , if the company were his guardians , the disposition of their ward and his property ought , in some degree , to have been subject to their disposal . Their agent ought not to have acted without their authority . He ought not to have constituted himself the guardian , and