insisted upon.—As to that topic of the speech which relates to Portugal , it appears to me , that ministers have appreciated the subject very erroneously indeed . The simple questions are , what have we lost , and what have we gained by the emigration of the court to the Brazils ? We have lost , as a publication of the enemy recently stated , two of the most important ports for us on the whole coast of the continent of Europe ( Lisbon and Oporto ) . And what have we gained ? sir George Staunton 23 states , that when be was at Rio de Janeiro , the shops Were glutted with English goods . What then are we to obtain in addition by the presence of the prince of Brazils in that settlement ? How , I would ask ministers , are the Brazils to be made more productive for this country , than they have been , by any other means than t hose which would tend to the consummate ruin of our own colonies ? I do not mean to revive the question of the Slave Trade with this or any other topic . But , I contend , that the increased culture of the Brazils , far from being of service , would be injurious to you ; and I can not conceive , how the emigration of the court of Portugal to that territory , can extend the market Portugal your goods , which it had already afforded you . Indeed , I am rather of opinion , with , a late demi-official declaration of the enemy , that the transfer of the Portuguese government to the Brazils will turn out more advantageous for France , than for this country . In so far as this emigration shews any friendship for us , or as it presents a contrast to the conduct of other powers , it certainly forms a grateful subject for the contemplation of mankind . But , as to the commercial or political advantages to be derived from it to this country , I can not consent to delude my , countrymen by holding out such an idea.—In all that I have said , my lords , I have carefully abstained from any personal reference to the conduct of those by whom his majesty 's government is at present directed . My object is to consider their measures , and by those measures to appreciate their merits . I must , however , take notice of some at least apparent contradictions in the language and conduct of the noble lords on the ' other side . In reviewing the dreadful catalogue of evils which menace this country , I do believe that I speak the universal sentiment when I say , that the greatest additional calamity for us , and the greatest advantage for France that can well be imagined , would be a war with America . Such , indeed , is the language of ministers themselves ; and yet what has been their conduct ? Why , at the very time when it is most material to avoid such a war , they , as I am ready to maintain , absolutely alter the law of the land to promote it . Ministers state , and in that I agree with them , that no difficulty or danger can befal , the country equal to that of acquiescing in the surrender of our maritime rights . If America were to put forth such a claim , then a call upon parliament and the country to resist it would 24 be , unanimously answered in the affirmative . But America has not asserted any such claim . It has , indeed , been stated that she has , and we have been told by some noble lords on the other side , that too much concession has been already made to that power . What do noble lords mean by concession ? I wish when such assertions are made , those who make them would state some particulars . If they refer to the late Treaty with America