or rather the most absurd of all those impolitic acts of which England has been so long guilty . It has been of fatal consequence , not only as it has led to the defeat and disgrace of the combined armies , but as it has given to the French emperor a proof of his power , when engaged against those armies . When we talk of artifice and deceit , let us recollect that the foundation of the hope of that coalition , was the deceit practised upon the French emperor ; that that deceit , up to the period at which you expected its detection , was successful . Sir , we have now drank the cup of experience to the dregs , and I think the most infatuated enthusiast in politics can no longer look to the continent for any hope of curtailing , much less of destroying , the power of France . How much more formidable have you rendered the French emperor , by bringing his armies in contact with those of every power of the continent ! before you had done so , expectation might have been entertained by yourselves , or by the powers who had not tried it , either separately , or jointly , that France might have been resisted by a combination of those powers : and indeed a doubt might have been entertained in the mind of the French emperor himself , whether , with his consummate military skill , and with such an engine as the French armies , and the armies of the nations then dependent upon France , he could make head against the other powers of the continent . You have absurdly strewn him , that Austria and Russia combined , are no match for him ; you have shewn him that Russia and Prussia combined are no match for him , and it is now no matter of speculation , but a thing which 843 you have forced him to put to the proof , that he is superior to every , and to all the armies of the continent . You are now alone : and how are your individual interests to be consulted ? When I say alone , I do not forget that you have an alliance with Sweden ; but that alliance is a weight upon you , rather than any assistance to you.—I say then , that you are alone in the war ; and how are your individual interests to be consulted , but by peace ? Upon what appears to me to be the folly of commercial warfare , I have touched in the earlier part of my speech.—It has often been said , and with great truth as it applies to this country , that we ought to be extremely thankful to Providence , that we are unacquainted with the actual horrors of war : that this country has not been its theatre , at least for a long period ; and that whilst desolation is spread over the plains of the continent , we are in all the enjoyment of profound peace . But although to us this is a blessing , I much question whether it is not the reverse of a blessing to all the rest of mankind ; for there is a wide difference between giving large sums of money , the which in truth does not deprive the majority of those who give them , of any even of the comforts of life , much less of its necessaries , and being subject to those calamities which are inevitable where the contest is actually carried on . If the horrors of war were but once tasted amongst us , I do not think that the indisposition to peace would be so strong as it has hitherto been , and as I perhaps fear it may even now be.—If we continue the contest , it may come nearer home.—Ireland may be the theatre of war , nay it is not out of the reach of possibility , that the theatre of war may be transferred to England herself . God avert it