that the board of admiralty were quite right in refusing to make this private letter an official document . Without meaning the slightest imputation on the right hon . gent . if he could make his private letter considered as an official document , any other gentleman who had been in office , might come at any time with garbled communications , and insist upon their being received as official . The gentlemen who pleased to make those communications to the admiralty , might give what they pleased , and withhold what they pleased . Although he had the firmest reliance on the honour of the right hon . gent . yet it ought not to be left entirely to individual integrity and honour , to say what papers should be presented for the purpose of being made official . He could not avoid noticing the laxity of public morals that was sometimes manifest in the conduct of gentlemen on the other side . They condemned most loudly the practice of reading partial extracts from dispatches , and yet it was what they proposed in the present instance . A noble lord also in another place ( earl Grey ) , who had appeared to feel most sorely upon an extract of a dispatch of his being read , had yet shewn no scruple , at the time he was in office , to read extracts from other people 's dispatches , and had read in that house extracts from his ( lord C. 's ) dispatches . In fact , it was well known , that when ministers laid any particular information before the house , it was from extracts ; and they did not think it necessary to recite all the voluminous matter connected with the subject . As to the importance of these papers , he conceived that the report of admiral Louis was only introduced as a convoy to get in the private letter which the right hon . gent . wished to have entered as an official document . He could take upon himself to say confidently , that this report was either at the admiralty or at his office . 495 He remembered perfectly that he had read it , without being indebted to the right hon . gent . 's store of private information . The admiralty , therefore , could have no use in duplicates of dispatches which were already in their hands . defended the conduct of his right hon . friend , and denied that there was the smallest ground for the analogy the noble lord attempted to deduce between the case of this letter , and the garbled extracts to which the noble lord had alluded . But , to prove any sort of similitude between this transaction and the other , the noble lord must shew that his right hon . friend had attempted to produce partial and mutilated extracts from the letters in question , instead of the complete documents . He did not wish to enlarge further one this topic of garbled extracts , in charity to the feelings of a right hon . gent . opposite him , after the severe reproach he had received upon that head from the highest authority in this country . Another hon . gent . was averse to the production of the papers moved for , because he said , it was of no use to defend men out of office . But the hon . gent . seemed to be quite of the contrary opinion as to the necessity of adducing documents for defending men in office , from the loudness of his cheering , on a former night , when partial extracts from dispatches were read to vindicate their conduct ; but the public , who felt that in the persons of his hon . friends on that side of the house the country had its best friends , felt anxiety for their vindication ; and it was a duty the house owed to their characters to allow them the investigation they so earnestly desired . There appeared , however , an extraordinary degree of reluctance and