of their not being accustomed to deliver their Sentiments in public , from giving their opinions . These , however , they would give before a committee . This information he wanted , and to this information he was entitled . The right hon . gent . had this very day moved for a Committee to inquire into the present state of the West India trade ; and not only that , but every other question , shrunk into nothing when compared with the present . Mr. Tierney said , he did not know on what information the right hon . gent . had proceeded in issuing the Orders in Council , but sure he was that he needed information . However well entitled that right hon . gent . was to the praise of great acuteness and much ability in many respects , yet he could not be supposed to be greatly conversant with commercial subjects ; and the fact was , that there was not one individual in the present administration to whom the country looked up in matters of trade . It was but fair , therefore , that the house should know from what quarter the , information came upon which they acted . Trade was a subject with which the imagination had nothing to do , and on which all theories might be fallacious : here experience was the safe and only guide . He called upon the house to bear in mind , that they might soon , if the course of proceeding was not passing a bill , of the Merits of which they would be completely ignorant ; and if the other house should send down a message , requesting to be informed on what grounds they had acted in so doing , what answer could they give , but that they had Complied with the recom- 716 mendation contained in his majesty 's Speech , without examining whether the measure in itself was right or wrong ? did not now ask the right hon . gent . to give up his measure ; let him only confess that he had been guilty of an omission ; and let its progress be suspended till the house had put itself into a situation to judge of its merits . If , however , in spite of his suggestion , the right hon . gent . persisted in carrying it through , all that he would say was , that he admired the boldness , not to use a harsher word , of the right hon . gent . He must be sensible that the house was now acting upon no better ground than blind and implicit confidence in his judgment ; and if he happened to err , the last hope of the country was gone . For if the measure should fail ( he did not pretend to say whether it would or not ) , but if it happened to fail , to what sources did the right hon . gent . look , to supply the defalcation in the revenue which would result from it ? The right hon . gent , seemed to think , that it would be the means of compelling the enemy to conclude a peace ; but this was simply an opinion , and if it failed in producing this effect , was he sure that it would not diminish our means of carrying on the war ; and if it should cripple our revenue , what would he then have to say for having refused information to that house ? It would be a poor consolation then , that the right hon . gent . had taken all the responsibility to himself ; and that the blame rested upon his shoulders . The right hon . gent . at three o'clock last Friday morning , had refused to accede to the smallest delay , but in the course of the next twelve hours , he had found it necessary to recede from his determination , and he ( Mr. T. ) was confident , that as he proceeded difficulties would press upon him at