in my humble opinion , fully justify the principles upon which lord Wel- 1027 lesly acted.—Lord Cornwallis in a letter to the vizier dated 29th Jan. 1793 , says , 'Your excellency must be aware , that such is our close connection , that every chief in India must consider the two states as forming one power . ' ( No . 2. p. 13 ) .—Lord Teignmouth in a Minute dated 13th Jan. 1798 , observes , 'The government of Oude both in the opinion of the natives of the country , as well as externally , is considered a dependancy on the English , whatever its relations under treaty may be . ' ( No . 1. p. 15 ) .—And his lordship adds , 'In the estimation of the natives of India , the kingdom of Oude is held as a gift from the company to Sujah ud Dowlah and as a dependant fief . '—Lord Teignmouth in his Evidence given before this house being asked , 'Did you consider the nabob to be at all in the light of an independent sovereign in respect to the company 's government ? ' His lordship 's answer is , 'Certainly not . ' ( p. 44 ) .—Mr . Cooper , a member of the supreme government , having resided 32 years in India , being asked 'From the period of your first arrival in Bengal to the present , did you ever understand there was any general opinion otherwise , than that the nabob was totally and completely under the subjection of the British government ? ' Mr. Cooper 's answer is , ' I certainly always so considered him , and in my seat at the board , my conduct and opinions there were given in consequence of so considering him . ' ( p. 47 ) .—The few Extracts I have taken the liberty of reading to the house , in my humble opinion clearly establish these facts ; that Oude is not an independent principality , but a dependency on the British government ; that the principles upon which lord Wellesley acted , were laid down by lord Cornwallis , sanctioned and approved by the court of directors and the board of controul ; and that the measures of the noble lord were founded in justice . Of the policy of those measures , it is impossible for any person in the least acquainted with India , or who has taken the trouble to look into the papers before us , to entertain the shadow of doubt . It has been stated , that the resources of the vizier 's dominions were abundant and daily increasing ; if that had really been the case , I might have doubted a little the necessity of the measures of the noble lord . It is extraordinary , but no less true , that the very papers produced to substantiate the charges against the noble lord , afford abundant means of re- 1028 futing them . Lord Cornwallis in a Letter to the court of directors dated 16th Nov. 1787 , says , ' I can not however express how much I was concerned during my short residence at his capital , and my progress through his dominions , to be witness of the disordered state of his finances , and of the desolate appearance of his country . The evils were too alarming to admit of palliation . ' ( No . 2. p. 4 ) .—In a letter to the vizier , dated 24th Jan. 1793 , his lordship says , 'On my return from the war in the Decan , I had the mortification to find that , after a period of 5 years , the evils which had prevailed at the beginning of that time , had increased ; that your finances had fallen into a worse state , by an enormous accumulation of debt ; that the same oppression continued to be exercised . Though the subsidy is at present paid up with regularity , yet I can not risk my reputation , nor neglect my duty , by remaining a silent