the certain foundations of a deep , incurable , imperishable hatred in the Danes , to be taught them in the nursery , to be confirmed and revived every time they pass through the marks of our violence on their capital , on their palaces , and their altars.—We have exposed Sweden , for how can we hope to defend her , exposed as she is on the east in Finland , and on the south in Sweden itself . We have alienated Russia , for after lord Hutchinson 's statements , and even after lord G. L. Gower , we can have no doubt that the emperor 's hostility previous to our bombardment of Copenhagen , was reluctant , and would have been languid , but since that unfortunate and unprincipled affair it has become hearty , and will be vigorous . In the first cases we might have expected tardy and ineffectual force in the field , and on the sea , and ill-executed prohibitions of our trade.—They have alienated Russia , for if , there was a probability that the English party 1206 in Russia was strong and discontented , and that the force of public suffering from the rending asunder of our ancient ties of connection might have spoken out so forcibly , as to influence even the emperor himself , powerful as he is . flow easy have we now rendered it , for his ministers to excite popular indignation , against us how easy now for the French party to suppress and silence the friends of , the English ? —But , say the dispatches of the ministers at the Russian court , and say the ministers here , the symptoms of returning confidence appeared after the intelligence had arrived at the court of St. Petersburgh . If this be so , if the court of St. Petersburgh is of so peculiar a character as to be pleased when its influence is braved , its allies conquered , and its purposes defeated , what a pity that the connection between that court , and our ministers , was broken , since the latter , judging from the remarkable passage in the Declaration , are so willing , so determined in future , to conciliate all our allies , by acts of violence , fraud , and rapine.—Why , sir , did we not further conciliate her by , seizing the squadron that passed us ? But , sir , to be serious , since such is the determination of the present administration , instead of regretting , we should rejoice that we are at last left without an ally to betray , and without a neutral nation on the earth to pillage and destroy . The value of our connection with Russia is inestimable , and here we have an unexceptionable proof , for in one dispatch of the secretary of state it is urged that the 'only chance of safety for , what remains of Europe , depends on the renewal of a good understanding between England and Russia . '—And , sir , from the interesting conversation lately published , between a noble lord , then on an important mission , and the emperor , it is easy to perceive the profound and mischievous impression , produced on the emperor 's mind , by this unexpected and outrageous transaction . As I have already intimated , the emperor 's reproaches , express at least as much sorrow and regret as they do indignation , and a determination to obtain satisfaction.—What , indeed , cat be more just than his imperial majesty 's ' , observation , that now we have gone beyond the outrages of the government of the French , that we had now justified all their proceedings , and that if Such , proceedings were admissible , there is an end to all relations between state and state , that anarchy had begun , 1207 and that all were at liberty to do as they pleases.—Sir , the ruler of the French is an able player at the terrible game of hostility , he not only plays his own game