just principle , that a neutral had no right to a trade during war to which he was not entitled during peace . Ministers had , however , adopted a directly contrary principle , and had expressly allowed neutrals to trade with the enemy 's colonies . An opposite policy would , he conceived , have tended to relieve the West India interest from that pressure which now affected them , in consequence of the superabundance of produce beyond the demand . The pro- 469 vision in the Orders respecting the warning to be given to neutral vessels , he considered as tending to harass them , as well as that relative to certificates of origin , rendering vessels having them liable to capture , which he considered a peculiar hardship . The whole of this measure reminded him strongly of what was said several years ago respecting Frederic of Prussia , that it would not be surprising if , in the extravagance of his projects , he should issue an order directing all English vessels to come to Memel and pay duty , before they went any where else . His lordship instanced the supposed cases of six American vessels , under different circumstances , which would all , under the operation of these Orders , be liable to capture , detention , or the interruption of their voyages ; and concluded by moving , `` That the house should resolve itself into a committee , to consider of the Orders in Council . '' requested the indulgence of their lordships , whilst he endeavoured to explain the reasons and motives on which the Orders in Council were founded . With respect to the Order of the 7th of Jan. he contended that it did distinctly assert the right of his maj. to adopt further measures of retaliation , if France did not in the mean time recede from the violent pretensions on which the Decree of the 21st of Nov. was founded . France had not receded ; but on the contrary , the head of the French government had ordered a more rigorous execution of the Decree , and therefore the Order of the 11th of Nov. and the subsequent Orders , became necessary . If the principle stated by the noble lord was to be taken as that of the Order of the 7th of Jan. then it went much farther than the Order of the 11th of Nov. ; because the former asserted a permanent right of preventing , during war , all trade between one port of the enemy and another , whilst the latter measure arose out of the violence of the ruler of France , and with that would cease . The noble lord had quoted a letter from Messrs. Monro and Pinckney , for the purpose of proving that they were satisfied with the explanation of the French Decree ; but that satisfaction arose out of the explanation given in Dec. and which was given without any authority , and was merely the opinion of the minister who gave it . Subsequently , upon an application made to the Grand Judge in August , it was stated , that the Decree applied equally to all neutrals , and 470 that one neutral could not be distinguished from another . From this , and from other parts of the conduct of the French government it became manifest , that the Decree was to be rigorously executed . Under these circumstances his majesty 's government thought it their duty to adopt a measure of retaliation , upon what he conceived to be a clear principle of right , that when one belligerent adopted measures for the purpose of embarrassing the commerce of another belligerent , the latter had manifestly the right of retaliating by embarrassing ; the commerce of the former . It must have been in this principle that the Order of the 7th of Jan. was issued , and that Order affected neutrals in a much greater degree than that stated by the noble lord , because under that Order , which prohibited a trade between one of the enemy 's