an object to be hazarded for the sake of the few hulks that might be obtained at Cronstadt besides , the fleet which Russia had in the . Mediterranean was a security to us for her good behaviour . And here he would take occasion to contradict a misrepresentation that had taken place upon the subject of this fleet . The Russian squadron did not enter the Tagus by order from Vie government , but from sheer distress , and because all the ports of the enemy were so closely blockaded by our squadrons , that they could not enter any one of them . This squadron was first directed to touch at a British port , and even the Russian ambassador was so deceived with respect to it , that he had kept here a frigate with specie on board for the payment of that very fleet . But , if that fleet had been attacked , what an argument might yet be drawn against the pre- 286 cipitancy of such a measure , from the circumstance of the squadron having been directed to touch at a British port , and the Russian ambassador having detained the frigate with the specie for the pay of the crews ! He had intentionally avoided referring to any thing in this debate but what was notorious ; and if they were to ask why they had rested their defence upon precise information , when the events and facts that had since taken place had amply justified their measure , he would answer , that they had stated that precise ground because it was true , and not because they thought it necessary to their justification in judging of the case before the house . If any more evidence should be thought necessary , let them be condemned , for nothing should ever extort from them the source whence they had derived their information . If gentlemen should say , that this course was contrary to the practice of parliament , he would go to the Journals , to prove that it was not out of the usual course of parliamentary proceedings . Having rescued the country from a great and imminent danger , he would trust to the case as it stood , and he had no doubt but that the conduct of ministers would be judged deserving of approbation . The house might judge of the extent of the service performed by contemplating the distribution of our naval force , that might be necessary if the Danish fleet were not now in our possession.—As to what the right hon . gent . had said of the increase of the danger of Sweden by the Expedition , he could assure him , that that danger was greatly diminished by that event , and so the government of Sweden felt it.—As the right hon . gent . had alluded to a communication made by him to Mr. Rist , the Danish chargéd ' affaires , he would briefly state the fact to the house . He had been commanded by his majesty , after the Danish fleet had been surrendered , to make an official communication to that gentleman , desiring that he might procure powers from the Crown Prince to negociate an accommodation , or to procure passports for a minister to go to Kiel for that purpose . This was all the official communication ; he had , however , thought it right to inform Mr. Rist of the terms upon which the accommodation might be effected . He had mentioned then the period of 3 years , as that which might , after the conclusion of peace , enable us to form a judgment of the stability of the peace ; and certainly , those who had witnessed 287 the last peace must be sensible , that the period was not too long ; for in 18 months after that peace , we were as much at war as before . Considering that we had gained possession of the fleet by force , he did not think the stipulation of such a term any insult , and he had proposed