was the 393 occasion of the present discussion . The right hon . gentlemen , however ; who were thus pleased to refuse the production of this paper , had not attempted to say there was any parliamentary ground for their refusal : on that head , or that it would be betraying any secret intelligence , or that it would be dangerous , or produce any public inconvenience , the house had not heard any thing . Now , the parliamentary ground for producing it was , that it was intimately connected with a very important measure , with the whole circumstances of which that house ought and was desirous to be acquainted ; and therefore he was surprised beyond expression that it should be attempted to be refused . If the right hon . secretary could shew that its production would cause any public inconvenience , he would do well to state it ; but till he did , he hoped the house would incline towards the motion , and insist on its being given . What was the course the right hon . gent . had pursued ? In justifying a great and important measure to the house , he had read part of this document to the house , which part had induced many to suppose that the opinion of the noble lord who wrote the letter was in favour of the measure , by holding forth the same opinion of the Danish government as the present ministers had formed , whereas the reverse would have proved to be the case , had the whole of that document been read , and would be still proved if the whole paper , then the subject of debate , were to be produced . maintained , that there was no foundation for the supposition that the extracts made by his right hon . friend out of the dispatch of lord Howick to Mr. Garlicke at Copenhagen , made the unfavourable impression against that noble lord which some gentlemen apprehended ; for they seemed to think that the object of making these abstracts was merely to impress the house with the idea that lord Howick was now complaining against this expedition , only because he was in opposition , but that if he were in power , he would have done as ministers did . But it was not the intention of his right hon . friend to produce any such impression . There was no such interference warranted by the extracts of the dispatch of the noble lord . It was not denied that the noble lord was against the expedition . But the opinion of lord Howick was , that if Denmark gave up her fleet to secure Holstein from the seizure 394 and gripe of France , that such a submission would not be assented to by his Britannic majesty ; that was the sentiment of lord Howick in the Dispatch alluded to , and that was all that his right hon . friend meant to impress upon the house the other night . As to the challenge thrown out by a right hon . gent . he had only to say , that ministers were satisfied with the vote upon the king 's speech . They thought their defence sufficient as it stood ; nor did he believe they should owe much to the forbearance of the right hon . gent . either in the house , or out of it , if he thought he could attack them with success , notwithstanding his apparent magnanimity , in saying that he should not attack them until they were prepared with their defence . complained that ministers had swindled the house out of an appearance of approbation of the Danish expedition , in the Address to his majesty , although it was then understood , that that Address was a mere matter of form , not conveying any actual opinion . The grand ground for the production of the papers moved for by his hon . friend , was that the house having , irregularly in his opinion , allowed a flagrant injustice to be done