, with that which he represents as in the highest degree blameable in those who succeeded him in the management ; of the negociation.—Sir , a question may be here asked of me , why , if you think the paragraph which you have quoted , and which is contained in the letter of Mr. Canning to the prince de Stahremberg , namely , `` that his majesty is willing to treat with France , but he will treat only on a footing of perfect equality ; he is ready to treat with the allies of France , but the negociation must equally embrace the interests of the allies of G. Britain ; '' why , if you think that paragraph contains all that would be necessary as an overture to France for entering into negociation , do you require any thing more at the hands of the administration ? Sir , I allow that the paragraph in question contains the whole that would be necessary for my purpose : but a paragraph may be so accompanied as to make it obnoxious in the company which it keeps , when by itself it might convey an amicable meaning . Such is the present case . And moreover Mr. Canning has so contrived it , that even if there were nothing offensive in the letter , to detract from the amicable construction which might be put upon the paragraph separately considered , he has * See vol . viii . P. 393 837 precluded the possibility of eventual advantage by telling the Austrian ambassador that he is not to communicate to France the intentions of the king 's government ; and therefore the paragraph is without effect , excepting so far as it may be calculated , in common with the rest of the letter , to offend the court of Austria , in the person of its ambassador . Upon the whole , I think that in all the records of diplomatic transactions , no production can be found more replete with offence , or more inconsistent with the true and genuine character of a statesman . It may be said in extenuation of Mr. Canning 's conduct , that it is evident from some short notes of a posterior date , that the prince de Stahremberg could have had no authority for his conduct from the court of Vienna ; because in answer to a question put to him by Mr. Canning , relative to the departure of Mr. Adair from Vienna , the prince de Stahremberg says , that he has received no dispatches from his court since the 30th of Oct . In answer to that , I have only to remark that the count de Metternich , the Austrian ambassador to the court of the Thuilleries , was at Paris : it was therefore very possible that communications should be transmitted from the count de Stadion , the minister for foreign affairs at Vienna , through count Metternich to the prince de Stahremberg , and that he might have authority for every step that he took ( as in fact there can be no question that he had ) , without any immediate and direct communication with Vienna.—Another observation may be made , upon the situation of the court of Vienna , as offering to mediate at this period , between G. Britain and France . It may be objected that the state of subserviency in which that court was placed towards the court of the Thuilleries , disqualified her for the office of mediation . If such indeed had been stated by the king 's ministers to have been the reason of their rejection of the mediation , it would have been fair to argue , that as on the one hand , the subserviency of the court of Vienna to the French government , disqualified her for the office of mediatrix ; so on the other hand , that France being in possession of the full powers given to the Austrian minister at Paris , to make such communications as France should think fit to dictate to the Austrian minister at the court of