of them might be questioned by those who were parties to the former Order , to the principle they could have no objection . He could also adduce the authority of that house in confirmation of his opinion . On his own motion for the formal production of the Order of the 7th of Jan. a long discussion had taken place . Not one word did he or any other member urge against the justice or the legality of that Order . It was distinctly argued as a question of policy ; and it was contended by the gentlemen opposite , that the principle on which it proceeded was not further extended , because at that time a further extension was unnecessary , but that nothing would prevent such an extension should it become requisite . He read the preamble of the Order , which asserted precisely the right which his majesty 's present ministers now asserted , the right of retaliation . Indeed , what else could it be ? For all that recital could never have been made , merely for the purpose of asserting a right , which the ordinary usage of war enabled us to exercise . The arguments , therefore , of the noble lord , bore as strongly against the Order of the late administration as against the Orders of the present . Adverting to the noble lord 's reference to the order of 1756 , he contended , that he was completely mistaken in that reference . The coasting trade of France was prohibited in 1756 , on this distinct ground , that neutrals had no right to carry on that coasting trade for France in war , which France would have carried on herself in peace . With respect to the nature of the retaliation , was it to be confined exactly to the course pursued by the enemy ? If the principle of right to retaliate were admitted , it must also be admitted that we had a right to chuse our mode of retaliation ; otherwise , in many instances , retaliation would only enforce the destruction of the power retaliating . Suppose a fortress was besieged , this fortress supplied 326 with water by two streams proceeding from a neutral country ; and suppose that the besiegers entered the neutral country , and diverted the channel of one of these streams , would it be advisable retaliation for the besieged to enter the neutral country , and divert the channel of the other stream ? The French had declared England should have no trade with them ; We declared that then they should have no trade at all.—With regard to neutrals , it was an unfounded assertion , that though we had a right to injure the enemy , we had no right to injure the enemy by means that would be prejudicial to neutral powers . The last administration by their own Order acknowledged this assertion to be unfounded ; that order was prejudicial to neutrals , but were they culpable for that ? Certainly not . The question in a case of this kind was , is the injury to neutral Powers only consequential on measures directed against the enemy , or is the measure originally directed against neutral powers ? The conduct of the last administration , in blocking up a whole river , one side of which was occupied by neutral powers , proved that they admitted the justice of this doctrine.—It had been contended , that we should have waited to see the effect of the French Decree on neutral powers ; or whether France intended to put it in force . The last administration had not done so . Denmark had remonstrated against the Order of the 7th of Jan. as injurious to her trade , and went so far as to say she would resist it . In the speech of the president of the United States , it was described as a gross violation of the law of nations . If , therefore , the gentlemen opposite did not abandon their own principles , or say that they did not mean