the detail of his highness 's government , the court of directors expressed their decided approbabation . As demonstrative of the nature of lord Cornwallis 's interference , and of the court 's approbation , Mr. Lushington here read and referred the house to—Lord Cornwallis 's letter to the vizier , dated 12th Aug. 1793 . 'It is well known , not only 'throughout Hindostan , but to all Europe , that , notwithstanding the prevalence of peace during so many years , the revenues of your excellency 's dominions are diminished beyond all conjecture ; that 1128 from Rhohilcund , which paid at first 80 lacks of rupees a-year , and afterwards a crore , forty lacks can not now be collected ; and that four lacks only are received from Goruckpore , which formerly yielded twelve ; and that other metals are in a state of progressive decline . Does not this consideration alarm your excellency ? Can any thing but ruin result from such circumstances ? Are not these facts a decisive proof of tyranny , extortion , and mismanagement , in the aumils ? and what must be the situation of the ryots who are placed under such people ? But your excellency knows that the prayers of the oppressed are attended to by the Almighty , and often call down his vengeance upon their oppressors . No truth is more certain than that justice is the foundation of the prosperity of states ; and when the rulers are negligent in punishing those who oppress their subjects , they become partakers of their crimes , and may be deemed the subverters of their own prosperity . History confirms the observation , by exhibiting innumerable examples of monarchies overturned , and families effaced from the earth , by a violation of justice in the sovereign , or neglect in him to enforce its laws . I have been informed , and your excellency knows how far it is true , that for many years past no aumil in your dominions has been punished for misdemeanors ; yet the decline in the revenues could not , have taken place without great mismanagement , which must have merited the severest punishment : lenity and good-nature are amiable virtues ; but it is at the same time to be remembered , that lenity towards oppressors is injustice towards the oppressed.—The evils flowing from this source would have been less felt , if in proportion as the revenues declined a diminution of expences had taken place . But profusion , in fact , was the cause of the first evil ; and the continuance of it increased its magnitude , without wars , without any material losses , uncommon accidents , or irregular demands . I learn from your ministers , that your debts exceed a crore and a half of rupees . I thank God that this accumulation of debt can not be in any respect attributed to the interference of the English . In the detail of your excellency 's affairs , in which for these seven years they have had no concern , your excellency must , I am afraid , confess 'that a total disregard of all economy on 1129 your own part is the cause of those in-cumbrances . I wish I could as certainly point out the means of liquidating them . But it requires no wisdom to foresee the consequences of a decreasing income , and increasing profusion , disorder , discredit , and distress.—I am obliged to represent , that all the oppressions and extortions , committed by the aumils on the peasantry , take their source in the connivance and irregularities of the administration at Lucknow ; and though the companys subsidy is at present paid up with regularity , I can not risk my reputation nor neglect my duty by remaining a silent spectator of evils which will in the end , and perhaps that end is not very remote , render abortive even your excellencys earnest desire that the subsidy should be punctually paid . As the company have expressed their approbation of the choice which you have made of