that they were encreased for the purpose . The multiplication of recruiting parties arose , not from the government , nor from any desire to promote the execution of his measure ; it proceeded from a quarter decidedly adverse to his measure . It was besides well known , that the multiplication of recruiting parties beyond a certain proportion , diminished , instead of increasing the number of recruits ; the competition so excited was not of that sort by which , as sometimes happens , production was increased , but that of which the only effect was , to add to one what was taken from another . Nothing could betray more a want of correctness in thinking , than the mistake that prevailed in this respect . The persons who urged this topic fell to work like school boys , and said , if so many recruiting parties will produce so 988 many men , how many more will be produced by a number so much greater : but they forgot the condition , that the parties must have enough to work upon , and that , without that , they could only pull against one another . The fifty-four second battalions , let it be remembered , to which allusion had been made , were created by the preceding administration . With a full establishment of officers , and no men , they could not be left a burthen on the country . It was hard to oblige the officers to complete the numbers to a certain amount : but it was a hardship that was necessary ; and when the increase was called for , it was inevitable to allow the regiments to send out their parties . The permission given to the Irish militia to volunteer , and the competition between the regiments , each seeking to get its share , was another cause of the multiplication of recruiting parties ; and in all those cases the government had nothing to do with the matter . With respect to the desertions , the number bad decreased under his measure . Without troubling the house with figures , he would generally say , that from the commencement of the year 1805 , to the introduction of the late system in the middle of 1806 ; whether the trial were made by quarterly periods or half yearly ; whether in G. Britain alone , in Ireland alone , or in G. Britain and Ireland taken together ; whether by head quarters recruiting , or district recruiting , or by the two combined , in whatever way the comparison was ; the regular recruiting had gradually declined ; that after the introduction of that system it had gradually increased , and that since the noble lord came into office , it had again gradually declined . In the last half year of the last system , the ordinary recruiting alone had heat the ordinary recruiting of the corresponding period in the preceding year , with the Additional Force Bill into the bargain . The former exceeded 11,000 men , while the latter only rose to something above 10,000 . This new proposition would not get a man more for the army , but on the contrary , would go to keep many men out of it . On this head , some deference was due to the authority of himself and his friends on the subject , as the measure which the clause meant to affect originated with them , and as they had distinctly declared , and shown by their conduct , that they thought that such a clause would destroy the effect of the measure . The military plan which he had 989 proposed , proceeded on the principle of meliorating the future condition of the soldiers , by the prospect of future advantages , it was necessary therefore that confidence should be inspired into the people to give it its due effect . But the clause now proposed went to destroy confidence and to diffuse distrust . If it was expected from what had been said the other night by a noble lord , it