prevented the above brilliant success . Sir , I have many apologies to make for having taken up so much of the time of the house , and shall trouble it with but one observation more . There are many respectable persons in this house , and in this country , who do not attach the importance which I do to the annihilation of the formidable force , and total change in those provinces on the north western frontier of the British possessions . But , sir , when the unceasing activity of Buonaparte , his talents of address aid intrigue , which let no opportunity of advancing his views against British power it India escape him , are considered ; when it is known that the first cargo from France to Pondicherry in 1802 on . peace between us consisted of 200 French officers , ( greatest part of whom , from the nature of things , would have endeavoured to make ther way to where they would have been most useful , that is , to that formidable force under French influence in the north western provinces , had they not been prevented by the wisdom and vigour of the government of Madras who sent them all back to Europe ) I say , sir ; that I can not doubt but that if those vigorous measures had nit been adopted ; that if there had remained such a fulcrum for Buonaparte to set his lever upon , even without the additions of those French officers , he would have shaken the British interests to their foundation , and at least a most dangerous war world have long since taken place in the centre of your possessions both in Indostan and the Decan , instead of his being obliged to encounter all the difficulties and delays of coming now from the Caspian to attack your frontiers , which there is every reason to think will be on the Indus . With these opinions on the justice and necessity of this treaty with the nabob vizier , and al those important consequences , I can not hesitate in thinking the supreme government of Bengal is entitled to the gratitude of the country , for having , by its vigour and foresight , most importantly augmented he security of the British interests in many quarters , and guarding against darters which threatened them from no garter more eminent than the north of Indostan . rose to reply to the speech of the noble lord . As far as that 1019 noble lord was personally concerned , he had conducted the affair then before the house , in a manner which corresponded with his character , and the rank that he held in the country . Still , however , his noble friend 's situation had been a hard one . A libel against him had been lying for a long period on the table of the house , and had in consequence been generally circulated , with something like an air of authority ; the author of which , had it been promulgated in any other manner , would ere now have experienced the severity of the law . Before he entered on the subject , he would observe that the character of this prosecution against the marquis Wellesley , differed materially from that of any other India prosecution . In every preceding India prosecution , not errors of policy alone , but personal corruption , had been attributed to the individual accused . No man had dared , in the present instance , to whisper the slightest insinuation of such a nature against the noble marquis . Certainly , the last Resolution of the noble lord charged his noble frond with ambition , and a love of power , evinced by his actions , at the very moment that he was retiring from his high situation . This prosecution contained within itself an evident contradiction . A learned gent . not just now in parliament , had sail that there were three parties in this investigation ; the noble marquis , the court of directors , and the suffering