beyond his own bearing , by the loss of half his dominions conquered from him 1140 by lord Cornwallis . Their was a French force controuling the councils of the dekhan ; a corps officered by Frenchmen in the service of Scindiah was in possession of the person of the Mogul , the imperial city of Delhi , and the fortress of Agra ; whilst Buonaparte , with a French army in possession of Egypt , had declared that India was his ultimate object . At this urgent moment the wise policy of lord Wellesley embraced the interests of his country in Europe as well as in Asia ; and the vital principle winch animated it was this , —that British India should assist us in resisting the overwhelming domination of France . Pursuing this principle with undaunted firmness , he subverted that French influence at Hydrabad , which we before had cherished ; and he destroyed the Power of Tippoo , whose hatred had been inflamed beyond the hope of change . He rescued the person and the city of the legitimate sovereign of Hindostan from the possession of France , and he drove back the Mahrattas to their proper boundaries , expelling all French influence from their councils and armies . Such have been the most prominent measures of the noble lords external policy . In contemplating his internal policy , it would be found that his sagacity had not been less conspicuous , or his success less beneficial to his country . Lord Wellesley found the company under engagements to protect the native princes against all their enemies , with no security that the expences necessary to defray this protection would , in case of emergence , be available to the company . The post history of our transactions in India demonstrated to him , that it was vain to rely on the mutinous rabble , the uncertain and unwilling resources of those princes in a period of war . Hence he availed himself of every occasion to commute the subsidy , payable by those princes , for territorial possession , in every practicable instance ; and assuredly there was no other basis of strength confidence , and peace , to Great Britain in India.—Thus having explained to the house his sentiments upon some of those points of the foreign and internal policy of lord Wellesley in India which had been unjustly censured : Mr. Lushington would detain them but a few moments longer , in stating the effects of that administration upon our own countrymen there , arid upon our native subjects . At the period of his service in India , which was during the administration of the noble 1141 lord , his power the vigilance pervaded every part of the government in all our possessions . Every servant of the company , however isolated or difficult his situation , however remote from the seat of government , felt that its care and influence watched over his person and proceedings . The harmony and vigour which animated every department of the state , prevented any serious consequences from the ambition of the domestic rebel , or the intrigues of foreign enemies—evils to which every government was liable . In these the mass of the people , and our seapoys in particular , took no part ; but beheld with satisfaction an united government calling forth its energies to repress these evils , and subsequently acknowledged its justice in repairing the injuries arising from these accidental causes.—But what a change had succeeded ! a system of accusation and unfounded suspicion at home had relaxed the vigilance and undermined the power of the governments abroad , and had infused doubt and distraction where the noble marquis had established confidence and strength . In addition to this , an absurd fanaticism seeking to change that religion which an almighty Power had suffered to subsist for so many ages , unhurt by the sanguinary power of the mussulman , or the disgusting bigotry of roman-catholic zealots , had been used as a pretext to loosen the allegiance of our native subjects , and to alienate the affections of our