out of their own reach such a sum as 3 millions of money . Whence did this sum proceed ? Parliament ought to know ; for if they took it , they would subject themselves to be responsible for any inconveniences that the bank might sustain in consequence . In 9 years the bank had advanced six millions to the public . Since the restriction upon the payment of specie , they had shared no less than 4 millions in bonuses among themselves : they had increased the dividends on their capital from 7 to 10 per cent . If their profits had been extensive enough to justify all this , then the right hon . gent . had not made half so good a bargain as he ought to have made . At any rate , it was material to the honour and the interests of the country , that parliament should ascertain the truth . It was wrong to take this loan from the bank while the restriction on the payment of specie existed ; it would be worse to take it , if by doing so the taking off of the restriction would be retarded . Would the right hon . gent . say that the bank had communicated to hint their situation , and that the step proposed to be adopted would not retard the taking off of the restriction ? Let the house know this then—let the subject be referred to a committee—the Committee of Finance for instance , by which such an able report had been already presented upon it . What would the world say to a merchant , who , after a stoppage , should set up his carriage , rand extend his expences before his creditors were satisfied ? The bank ought to have secured their profits for the period when they should again open , and not have been so eager to divide them among themselves . He generally observed , that in transactions between the directors of the bank and chancellors of the exchequer , the one party or the other got a mauling . He could remember the period when even Mr. Pitt came off but second best in the conflict . In the year 1795 , the bank took panic , and wished their money to be instantly repaid them . They talked very much of the terrible advances they had made , and of the impossibility of continuing to make such advances ; and yet those advances were nothing to the advances which they now agreed to make with the utmost tranquillity . The bank directors consented to lend the country 3 millions , which in his apprehension would not cost them threepence . Did they mean to encrease their notes 426 for this purpose ? If so , it was a strong argument against the step ; and he certainly did recollect , although he would not draw any inference from the circumstance , that about the time of the renewal of the bank charter , a report was prevalent that above a million of small notes had been issued from the bank beyond the ordinary circulation . If they did not mean to encrease their notes , did they mean to distress the trade of the country , by refusing to discount the bills of the merchants ? This would also be a strong argument against the step . On the face of the affair , there appeared a clear profit resulting to the bank on the management of the national debt of about 100,000l . Why this , in addition to the advantages they derive from the use of the public balances ? He knew that the bank was at a , great expence for clerks , for buildings , & c. but this expence ought to be defrayed from the last mentioned profits . He repeated his wish that the subject should be referred to a committee . He believed no committee could be found which would not tell the right hon . gent . that he had not taken half enough in interest , and that he had taken too much