given to the gaoler to prepare for their inquiry , it appeared from the report then made , that he had set at nought the regulations of the magistrates , and the authority of the laws . And by the late report of the members of the grand jury , it appeared , that the prison weights were short of the legal standard ; that innocent men were confined in irons ; that the gaoler was in the habit of whipping and beating the prisoners by his own authority ; that he was in the habit of borrowing money , and accepting bribes from the prisoners ; or , as the report expressed it , that the prisoners had found out the secret of suiting their proposals to the wants of the 1176 governor . He had reason to think , that the governor 's daughters also were sometimes tempted beyond their power to resist . These were the least enormous of the facts that would come out on the investigation . He hoped that the conduct of the inquiry would not be taken out of the hands of the right hon . gent . who had brought forward the business ; but above all , he hoped that the importance of making a most complete and satisfactory investigation would be felt . thought the proceedings of the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , the most extraordinary he had ever witnessed . The hon . gent . on rising asked him whether he meant to bring forward any motion upon the subject of the petition which he had presented some time ago ? He had replied , that it was his intention to make a proposition on the subject in the course of next week ; but instead , on that account , of waving his motion on this evening , as he expected , he had now made . precisely that motion which he intended then to submit to the house . Mr. Sheridan avowed that he was by no means fond of an inquiry into public grievances being conducted by a commission acting under the authority of the king 's sign manual . He had no objections to the characters of those who had acted under the former commission ; but they had not sufficient powers , and what was worse , the result of that inquiry shewed that the same attention was not paid to such a commission as was usually paid to the report of a parliamentary committee ; for certainly , upon the face even of that report , there were sufficient grounds for the removal of governor Aris from this office . He was by no means sure , therefore , that the petitioners would be satisfied with the appointment of another commission under the king 's sign manual , from which so little advantage had accrued in a former instance . He should , however , make it his business to inquire , whether they would be satisfied with such a proceeding , or not ; and if they were not , he should still follow up his original intention of submitting a motion to the house in the course of next week . He had no objection in the mean time , that the paper moved for by the hon . gent . should be produced ; but he mentioned a circumstance , to show how little weight any representation from the magistrates ought to have in circumstances like the present . A poor girl had brought a charge against a lawyer for a rape ; this 1177 person contrived by giving money , or by some other means of influence with the governor , to get his accuser immured in a cold , damp cell , in which she was so scantily fed on bread and water , that when she came forward to give her evidence in court , she could neither speak nor stand . And the magistrates , after inquiring into the circumstances , had drawn up a representation , to which 16 signed their names , that the father of the girl was