, to receive this application to its justice . Even , I think , in the experience of the hon . gent . many , very many instances must hare occurred , of this house entertaining , nay encouraging , applications of a similar nature . Let me ask the hon . gent . where , or to whom in this particular instance , could the appeal against British injustice and oppression be made ? —Not to our courts of law and equity ; there it has been already determined , that an independent sovereign ( yes a dependent nabob ' , as he is called ) can neither institute or defend a suit . To the sovereign , in council , can he appeal ? — The constitution of our Indian government permits not this Where then can he apply , with a possibility of success , but to a British parliament , and to parliament only ? Do we not invite this appeal against the misconduct of our Eastern governors and servants , by the act of placing on the table of 1090 the house , at the commencement of every sessions , the names of those members we think most fit to form a judicature for the trial of these offences ? But think the hon . gent . founds his objection to the proceeding of the noble lord , because he ( lord Folkestone ) does not mean to follow it up with an impeachment against the noble marquis ; but , whilst I am not surprised at the reluctance of the noble lord , on this head , after What we have seen of impeachments , yet is it not competent to any other member of this house , to propose such a measure ? Or can not the house address his majesty to direct his attorney general to file an information against the accused person , in conformity with the spirit and letter of the East Indian Judicature act ? If these motions are carried , is there a serious doubt , on the mind of any member in this house , that whatever the precise nature of its judicial functions are , this house can , not only entertain the question in its present state , but pursue all those measure , which the character of a great nation demands , in order to bring to condign punishment all those who , at whatever distance of the globe , in the administration of its government , violate its principles of justice and good faith ? But , sir , I am almost ashamed to argue this . point—no one can seriously doubt it ; and , to dwell on it longer , would be a waste of the time and attention of the house.—In proceeding to the merits of the question , I can not but lament that it has been treated , not so much as the revisal of a great political measure , involving a system of government , as the case of a distinguished individual . I can not treat it in that light , for respected as the , character of the noble marquis , and his individual interest in the transaction ought to be , it is still only that of an individual , and as such , least in importance . For , what is the real state of this question in a great political view ? The government of India ( over which it is true the noble marquis presided at the time ) has violated a solemn treaty executed between lord Teignmouth , the then governor general , and the nabob of Oude , in Feb. 1798 , and to which the faith of the British government was pledged which existed at the time , arid to the performance of which , we were at the very moment binding the nabob . The particulars of the violation were—1st , The reduction of the army of the nabob , against his will , an interference expressly guarded against in the 17th article of the treaty ; and se- 1091 condly , the taking from him by