to make the singular boast of perfect impartiality in so vital and national a question , that the right hon . gent . who had just sat down had neither attended to the former debates on this subject , or read the papers which lay upon the table ; he had ( Mr. Croker supposed ) taken great precaution that his first impressions should not be effaced , for surely no man who had heard the everlasting debates , or perused the voluminous papers which this business had produced , could now have ventured to repeat the obsolete and defeated sophisms of former nights , and persuade himself that he was saying any thing that at all related to the question—but Mr. Croker could not attribute this to the mere wish to preserve the right hon . gent . 's mind undisturbed by party conviction , the fact rather seemed to be , that , driven as gentlemen on the other side had been from every inch of firm argument , they had fled to find what footing they might in those shifting sands of declamation into which no body would think it worth while to follow them . There , at least , he , for one , would leave them . It was absurd , in debating this matter , in this particular view , to talk of Danish-good will , and the Danish desire to preserve neutrality . He dirt not doubt that selfish desire ; but he was convinced , if it at all bore on the question , that there bad been long since a tendency in Denmark to favour France at the expence of this country—but on that he would not rest ; but on the undeniable assertion , that there had long been in France a resolution to unite Denmark with the rest of Europe against England , and that her fleet was looked to as the chief weapon of the confederacy . No acts of ours increased the desires of France or accelerated the submission of the North . Whether we had been vigorous as we had been , or listless as gentlemen would have had us be , it was evident that Denmark must have yielded to the requisitions of France . A right hon . gent . had said it was not enough to persuade the majority of the house of this , we should persuade the majority of the nation and of Europe . The majority of Europe he should hardly hope to be able to do that—to.satisfy this majority of Europe , over which France has spread herself , that We have clone right in striking a blow , one of the most decisive and irrecoverable that that power ever 1229 sustained in her career of usurpation . No , he did not hope or wish to persuade Europe , that is to say France . But he trusted that it was not more unconstitutional than unfounded to seek to make a distinction between the majority of the house and of the country . He was well satisfied that the triumphant majority of the nation was with him and his hon . friends , and that the house in its various approvals of this expedition had spoken not only legally , and constitutionally , but really and effectually the sentiments of the country . The ministry could not have acted but as they did ; — their predecessors had marked out their course for them . They had not only planned as it were the active measures for them , but they had even taught them in what language to defend them . He thought the late ministry would have done the same , not so well perhaps , but they would have done it . He had so much respect for human nature as to believe that every party while in office act honestly , and to the best of their judgment , ( a laugh from the opposition . ) He might have expected a laugh , but not from those honourable gentlemen ; those who had long known their political life , might have laughed