civilian justified the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . On the ground of confidence alone he should be disposed to concur in the address , though ministers had not submitted the sources of their secret information either to the curiosity of that house , or to the vengeance of Bonaparte . But though he could give his vote for the address on the ground of confidence as to their secret information , he yet felt , that he could justify the conduct of ministers upon facts which were accessible to them all . If Denmark had been really worse disposed to this country than she was , would she not have pursued precisely the same course she had followed ? Would she not have delayed her Declaration till she was fully prepared , and reserved some causes of complaint , till she might seasonably make them the ground of might hostility ? We were not to expect any explicit declaration of their motives from powers under the influence of France . Denmark had acted precisely as she would have done if she had entered into the views of our enemy , and this was a sufficient ground for the measures adopted by ministers . The extraordinary concentration of French troops on the frontiers of Holstein , and the submission of Denmark to the decrees of France , and her remonstrances against our maritime rights , together With her active and formidable naval equipments , were sufficient evidences of her submission to Bonaparte . Another ground of his confidence in ministers was derived from a view of the state of Europe . Let us pass over every other evidence , said the hon . gent . and look only at Europe , confederated as she is against us ; to Prussia , Whose Declaration against England France hardly thought it necessary to conceal in the hard conditions of her peace ; to Russia , who , 56 under great disguise , still found no protection from French controul in her unbroken strength ; to Portugal , who equally found none in her weakness and compliance ; and to Austria , who , without any maritime interests , seemed forced into this maritime league only to finish and round off this confederacy , to supply whatever was this night wanting in arguing from the analogy of the rest of Europe , and to show how miserable indeed was the deception , if Denmark ever imagined that she alone of every other state was to be exempted from the invasion of her neutrality . With a large navy , with a more extended commerce , and with the keys of the Baltic in her hands , would Buonaparte have allowed her to remain as a monument of reproach to the vassalage of surrounding countries , and to have broken the continuity of the chain which binds every shore of Europe ? —He ought not to quit the subject without bestowing a remark on the opinion of the noble lord ( Milton ) , that the expedition should be condemned , because the Crown Prince of Denmark was in Holstein , and his forces unprepared . Strange as that sentiment might be , it excited no surprise in his mind . It was a specimen of the politics of the school of which the noble lord was the disciple , or perhaps leader ; arid when a noble lord ( H. Petty ) announced that their leading policy was `` nos rebus servamus secundis , '' or that they would never assist a friend till he was in a condition not want it , he could not but think the advice of the noble lord perfectly natural , that we should never resist an enemy till he is , in a condition to despise our resistance.—The hon . gent . insisted , that the more concealed the attempt , the greater necessity there was to guard against its mischievous tendency , by a prompt and vigorous defeat of it . The treaty of Tilsit had fixed and bound the emperor of Russia fast to the views and measures of Buonaparte ; every act