in that treaty , and when the American government refused to accept them in the shape of a national covenant , why should we grant them , without any reciprocal consideration , in the shape of an act of parliament ? said , the object of the mea- 164 sure he proposed to renew , was to continue the provisions of the act of 1794 , in consequence of the failure or omission of making an arrangement under the 12th article of the treaty of 1797 , in the time stipulated . In consequence of that omission , it became necessary to pass the Intercourse act of last session , to prevent the trade with the United States from falling to the ground . That act would expire in about four weeks . It would take three weeks to pass a bill to renew it , and therefore no time was to be lost . If America had precipitately taken measures hostile to this country , it became us to show an example of the dignity and moderation , that became a great and upright nation . He hoped America would profit by so instructive an example , and if she should not , he should still find a satisfaction in thinking , that this country had erred rather on the side of forbearance and deliberation than of anger and precipitancy . His hon . friend should be aware , that under the provisions of the Navigation act no American vessel could enter the ports of this country , unless special provision were made by act of parliament to that effect . To make that provision was one of the objects of the measure now proposed . There was no reason why American ships should be excluded from bringing the produce of their country to our ports , any more than the ships of any other nation . As to giving a power to the king and council , why should that be done by the king and council , which could be done by the legislature , particularly at a time when parliament was sitting ? He proposed to limit the duration of the bill to the period of the present session of parliament , with a power to repeal or alter it at any time that it might be thought necessary . Some regulation was indispensably necessary , and this measure was the most reasonable that he could think of.—The house then went into the committee . After which , leave was given to bring in a bill to continue the acts passed for carrying into effect the Treaty of Commerce and Amity between his majesty and the United States of America . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to the late services of his maty 's army and navy in the Baltic . Whatever difference of opinion there might be as to the political character of the Expedition in this house , he flattered himself that 165 no difference would exist on the proposition he was about to submit . It had always been the custom to consider the services rendered by his majesty 's army and navy in carrying into effect the orders with which they were entrusted , distinctly and separately from the merits of the policy by which his majesty 's ministers were actuated in issuing those orders . This being the established custom , he should certainly not be the first to deviate from so wise and proper a practice . It was a justice due to the army and the navy , who were never called upon to decide as to the propriety or impropriety , nor to mix their conduct with that of those by whose impulse they acted , and who alone were responsible for the prudence , justice , wisdom , and policy of the plans they directed to be carried into execution . It was , therefore , due to the army and navy to look only to the execution , which was the distinct service that fell to their charge . But it was not to the army and navy