obtained licences for several ships , instead of an additional guinea only having been charged for each vessel , as stated in the returns , not less than 65l . or 66l . had been charged for a licence for six ships . observed , that so long since as Aug. last , his majesty 's ministers had instituted an inquiry into this subject , and that some weeks ago the privy council Ending the amount of the fees to be so considerable , had taken the matter into serious consideration , and had entered into a strict investigation of it . Before the reference of the subject to the Committee of Finance , he thought it would be most desirable to have before the house proceedings of the privy council , and he therefore recommended to the hon . gent . to postpone his motion for a short time , in order to give an opportunity in a few days of moving an address to his majesty for the production of the proceedings of the privy council . Nothing could be further from his wish , than to suppress enquiry on this subject , which , on the contrary , he was desirous should be thoroughly sifted . remarked , that the ground on which these licenses had been granted , was , not for the purpose , of placing foreign trade under the controul of the executive , but to permit British subjects to trade with the enemy . In 1805 , a General Order in Council had been issued , to enable British merchants to trade with the enemy , in certain articles of great importance to agriculture and to manufac- 925 tures . In Feb. 1807 , an extension of that Order had been made ; but the merchants had nevertheless continued voluntarily to take out licenses , although they had been repeatedly told that they were unnecessary.—After some further conversation , Mr. Horner agreed to postpone his motion . moved the farther consideration of the report of the Orders in Council bill.—On the motion that the Bill be engrossed , a short conversation took place between Mr. Ponsonby , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and lord H. Petty , relative to the provision for bringing neutral vessels , having East India articles on board , to the port of London , instead of allowing them to land their cargoes , and to export from the most convenient out-ports . The Chancellor of the Exchequer stated the meaning to be that , when American vessels , for instance , contained a portion of tea , & c. amounting to one fourth of the cargoes , then the whole cargo must come to London ; when the portion should be less , then only the particular portion should be required to be brought to this port . This not being perfectly satisfactory , notice was given by lord H Petty that some amendment should be proposed on the third reading . asked whether the duties imposed upon the exportation of neutral property were to extend to the article of fish ? answered , that they were , and contended that it would deserve serious consideration before such encouragement should be given to the neutral fisheries in preference to our own . replied , that this measure would go near to ruin our own Newfoundland Fishery , for a great part of the fish caught there was sent to America , and from thence carried to Spain and Portugal . This was the , only channel by which it could now be sent , and it would be scarcely possible to exempt our own fish from the duties , without also exempting that of America . said , that every step in the progress of this measure demonstrated , that it would have been better if the Liverpool Petitioners had been heard at the bar ; for it clearly appeared , that there were many points of which ministers themselves had not been able to perceive the consequence . They had not clearly 926 understood the value of American neutrality , even as to our own fisheries