to me their Resolutions of Thanks for the services performed by me , and the Fleet under my command , on the late Expedition to Copenhagen , transmitting to me at the same time authenticated copies of those Resolutions , and requesting of me to signify the same to vice admiral sir Henry Edwin Stanhope , rear admiral Essington , rear admiral Keats , and the several captains and other officers referred to therein.—In answer thereto , I beg leave to assure you , that this signal mark of approbation which the house of commons has been pleased to confer upon the officers , seamen , and marines , late under my command , and upon myself , has impressed 191 my mind with a deep and lasting sense of so highly distinguished an honour ; and I am at a loss for terms to express how highly gratifying it is to my feelings.—I shall lose no time in communicating the Resolutions of the house of commons to the admirals , captains , and other officers referred to therein , and shall desire the captains and commanders to make the same known to the officers , seamen , and marines under their command . I must beg of you , sir , to accept my most cordial thanks for the honour of your Letter , and the obliging terms in which you are so good to express yourself towards me therein . I have the honour to be , & c. GAMBIER . Admiralty , 30th Jan . 1808 . '' Major general the hon . Edward Finch , major general Thomas Grosvenor , and major general the right hon . sir Arthur Wellesley , being come to the house , the Speaker acquainted them , that the house had , upon Thursday last , resolved , That the Thanks of this house be given to them for the zeal , intrepidity and exertion which they displayed in the various operations which were necessary for conducting the siege , and effecting the surrender of the Navy and Arsenal , of Copenhagen . The Speaker gave them the Thanks of the house accordingly , as follows : `` Major general Finch , major general Grosvenor , and major general sir Arthur Wellesley ; This house , contemplating the services performed by his majesty 's Army on the late Danish expedition , and applauding the zeal , intrepidity , and exertion displayed by the general officers employed in the reduction of Copenhagen , has conferred upon them the high honour of its approbation and thanks ; a higher reward this house has not to bestow . In distributing these honours , it is at all times matter of just pride and satisfaction to this house , to behold within its own walls any of those distinguished persons whose merit has raised them to this eminence.—But I should indeed be wanting to the full expression of those sentiments which animate this house and the whole country , if I forbore to notice , that we are on this day crowning with our Thanks one gallant officer , long since known to the gratitude of this house , who has long trodden the paths of glory , whose genius and valour have already extended our fame and empire , whose sword has been the terror of our distant enemies , and will not now be drawn in vain to defend the seat of empire itself , and the throne of his sovereign.— 192 I am charged to deliver the Thanks of this house to you all , and I do accordingly thank you in the name of the Commons of the United Kingdom , `` for your zeal , intrepidity , and exertion , displayed in the various operations which were necessary for conducting the siege , and effecting the surrender of the Navy and Arsenal , of Copenhagen . `` —Upon which . Major general Finch said `` Mr. Speaker , I beg leave most respectfully to return you my thanks for the obliging and very flattering terms in which you have communicated a resolution of the house , which reflects such high