that property which another , who had the right , was possessed of . This was a sort of doctrine which he was so much in the habit of reprobating at the Old Bailey and other places , that he could not avoid expressing himself with some warmth when he heard that principle urged as an ample justification to the nation , which never could be admitted among . individuals . As to what was stated of hostilities afterwards taking place with Denmark , he thought that circumstance made no difference . If he 650 were to refer to the case so often quoted , of a person being justified by necessity in pushing another off a plank into the sea , it must still be allowed that the other was equally justified in retaining possession of the plank if he could , and that his endeavouring to retain it was no act of hostility against us . It appeared to him , that the right of Denmark to a restitution of the property so taken was by no means altered by any subsequent hostilities ; and that this right was so clear , that we might make up our minds to the restitution being demanded at the conclusion of peace . He therefore thought that we should keep them in such a state , as that the restitution might be made with as little expence or inconvenience as possible . He was perpared for doing justice ; but he would wish in some degree to exercise a penurious justice , so that the restitution should not be more burthensome to the country than was absolutely necessary . For these reasons , he entirely coincided in the motion of his noble friend . said , that from the high respect he felt for his noble and learned friend , and from the weight his opinions always carried , he felt anxious to remove the impression which his noble and learned friend had made . The noble and learned lord had appeared to dispose in a very summary manner , both of the justice and morality of the Copenhagen expedition , and of the cases cited by his noble friend . He should however , take the liberty , on the former point , of expressing his sentiments in the same decisive tone , and say , that so far from feeling himself dishonoured , as an Englishman , by the expedition , he should have felt himself dishonoured , if , under all the circumstances of the case , he had hesitated to concur with his colleagues in advising the expedition . His noble and learned friend did , indeed , recommend a 'penurious ' justice ; for if indeed the expedition was unjust and dishonourable—if it stained the national character and was contrary to honesty , then , instead of keeping the ships in any particular way , and at any given expence , they ought immediately to be restored , and ample satisfaction made ; but he was always ready to contend , and he believed the feelings of the great majority of the country was with him , that the national character had not been dishonoured by an act which the circumstances of the times had rendered necessary . He believed the country would feel that this 651 great national question ought not to be decided altogether by the ordinary rules which governed the decisions at the Old Bailey ; but at all events he should hope , that if his noble and learned friend was reprobating the principles before a jury at the Old Bailey , he would not forget , when he stated his opinion , to detail the evidence on which that opinion was founded . He could not agree with his noble and learned friend , that the cases referred to by a noble friend of his , were quite foreign to the present question . As to the Toulon business , unless we were entirely to throw aside the musty records of the law of nations , it would at first sight have appeared , that the French government might justly claim