would have been intrusted to settle the business here . And so they were ; but their instructions were to mix so many other matters with it , that it was found to be impossible , 786 and so at length they determined to send Mr. Rose to America . He defended the measure of the Orders in Council as indispensible on our part , and argued that the profs of the submission of neutrals to the Decree of the French were clear and manifest . The answer of M. Decres to the application of Mr. Asmstrong was by no means satisfactory . He stated only his own opinion , whereas he ought to have given the explanation of the government . combatted the arguments on the other side . His lordship reviewed the decrees of France against the trade of this country , and cited the few instances in which they had been fully enforced : he admitted the right of fair retaliation , provided it did not extend to the injury of neutral powers . He adverted to the calamities which must arise to our merchants and manufacturers by enforcing these orders in council ; and the mischievous consequences to our West India colonies , should the differences between this country and America long subsist ; and concluded , by advising his majesty 's ministers to adopt those measures now that would be considered as acts of generosity and conciliation towards that country , rather than wait for the time when they must adopt them through necessity . contended , that the justification of ministers might be drawn from the speeches of noble lords on the other side of the house , who all made the reservation that the maintenance of our maritime rights ought to be paramount to every other consideration . The Orders in Council , he considered a just and a wise measure , which should therefore have his support.—The house then divided—For the previous ques 66 , Proxies 71—137 Against it 24 , Proxies 23—47 Majority . —90 . The house went into a Committee on his majesty 's message respecting an Annuity to the Family of the late respecting Lake . in calling the attention of the committee to his majesty 's most gracious Message , trusted that the propositions he had to offer in pursuance of that Message , would find but little 787 difference of opinion as to the propriety of acceding to it . When his majesty called upon parliament to substantiate those marks of his royal favour and approbation which he conferred upon distinguished naval and military characters , the house of commons always answered the call with promptitude and liberality . The reason why this application was not made immediately on the intelligence of the service done , and at the same time that the highest honour his majesty could confer was bestowed on lord Lake , was , that lord Lake was then absent in India , and it was not known that his circumstances were such as to require the aid of public liberality . After the return of the noble lord , which was soon followed by his much lamented death , he received such marks of the favour of the crown , and other distinguished branches of the royal family , that he felt himself in some measure able to support his dignity without public aid , and he , of course , felt unwilling to come forward with such an application as that which gave rise to his majesty 's gracious Message , now under consideration . This country had by his unfortunate death lost one of its most valuable military officers , and on inquiry into his circumstances , they were found inadequate to support the hereditary honours his majesty had bestowed as the reward of his services . Thus , while the services were of that distinguished nature as to afford the strongest claim to parliamentry reward , the circumstances of the family were such as to strengthen that claim . Lord Lake 's military life had been a succession of brilliant and meritorious actions , from the time of the