the attack on Copenhagen ? [ Mr. Canning answered across the table , `` Yes . '' ] I am not , replied Mr. Whitbread , disposed to doubt that the right hon . gent . thinks what he says is true : but let that be proved . Frequent mention had been made of the inveterate hostility of France : but what else could be expected from France except hostility ? The endeavour on the part of France to combine all the powers of Europe against us was no more unjustifiable , than the attempt of this country to form combinations against 305 France . It was , however , evident , that Russia was hostile to this country after the attack on Copenhagen ; and , on that account , he contended it was a meanness in this country to ask a power so hostile to us to interfere for the purpose of making up the quarrel between us and Denmark . He was ready to admit the right hon . gent . had that night advanced strong reasons why an attack should not be made on Cronstadt . With respect to the value of the Danish ships , it was stated , in some accounts , that they were very good ships , because they stood the weather so well in coming hone . But it appeared , from admiral Gambier 's account , it was necessary to repair some of them before they were put to sea . From the regularity and preparation in the Danish navy , an inference was drawn , that they were intended to be made use of against us . But it must appear , to any person who ever visited Copenhagen , that , for fifty years past , it had been the practice of the banes , a practice in which they prided themselves , to have their ships laid up in ordinary , in so complete a state of repair , that they could be fitted out in a very short time . But when we took the ships , we took the least efficient part of the Danish navy . We left behind 18,000 seamen , who would be ready to enter into the service of France ; and France had ships enough for herself . The English had acted like shabby thieves . They took only one half of their booty . Why was not the French property at Copenhagen seized also ? The only effect of the expedition was to arm the people of Denmark against us , and to shut us out from the 'Baltic ; while Holland was entirely under the power of France , without the latter being at the expence of sending troops to conquer it . If the act in question was justified by necessity , he ? was ready to-admit that it was justified in morality and in the sight of God . But it could not be justified . Ministers wanted to imitate the energy of France . But how did they do that ? France had slain a giant , and then England must go and embrue her hands in the blood of an infant . The question now was , not whether the expedition was justifiable , but whether that house was bound to give credit to the assertions of his majesty 's ministers , and whether it ought not to require further information ? as he had been so particularly alluded to , felt himself called on to say a few words in explanation to 306 the house . He begged leave totally to differ from those hon . members who had asserted , that the hostile spirit of Russia arose in consequence of the attack on Copenhagen , but said , that it was a consequence of the pressure of the French , after the defeat at Friedland ; for if his Imperial majesty could be obliged by that defeat to abandon Prussia , which , four days before , he had pledged himself never to do , it was hardly to be expected he would continue very friendly to the interests of England