them . Locked up as we were from the continent , closed as every market was to our manufactures , how was it possible that our commerce could thrive or be in a flourishing condition ? He owned that he had hoped to have heard some assurance from his majesty 's ministers , that they were anxious for the restoration of peace ; and that they were ready to embrace an opportunity of negotiation , from whatever quarter it 48 might proceed . No such assurances had been given . On the contrary , his majesty 's speech breathed a warlike spirit , declaring that we were ready to act with hostility not only against France but against the whole world . A great deal had been said on the attack of Copenhagen . It had been asserted , that the house and the country must give full credit to his majesty 's ministers for the motives by which they had been actuated . He would say , that to attack a neutral country as we attacked Copenhagen was , prima facie , unjustifiable . It might be justifiable ; but he repeated that , prima facie , it was not so . For his part , he could not see the probability that Denmark would have sided with France had we not attacked her . It seemed to him more likely that she would have resisted France . The summer had been an eventful one . We had gone to war with Denmark ; we had gone to war with Russia ; Austria had recalled her ambassador ; the Orders of Council and other transactions would probably produce a rupture with America ; and yet , under such circumstances , the house were to be amused with fine declamations on the extent of our resources , and on the progressive encrease of our commerce . Undoubtedly , after the necessary papers had been laid on the table would be the more proper time for discussing these subjects ; but he could not refrain from thus publicly recording his regret , that his majesty 's speech contained no assurances of a disposition to restore peace , at a time when the whole body of the manufacturers of the kingdom were experiencing such severe calamities . observed , that his majesty 's speech contained such a variety of topics , that it was difficult to express an opinion upon it . Had the usual course prevailed in this instance ; had the substance of the speech been known to the public for two or three days before the delivery of it , this difficulty would have been much lessened . Not only did the speech embrace a great variety of topics , but it was the longest speech , he believed , that was ever read from the chair . It required , therefore , the utmost circumspection in speaking of it , to prevent the expression of ideas not exactly conceived . The first object of the speech as it concerned this country , related to peace or war with France , and the other powers of the continent . It was impossible for him to give a direct opinion of the negotiation 49 or intercourse between the court of London and the courts of Petersburgh and Vienna . Were he to speak generally on the subject of peace or war , he would say , that peace was beyond all question the first interest of England , it was our greatest blessing ; but this was an abstract proposition ; he could not decide positively on this particular subject , in the absence of the papers , which would show , whether or not peace could have been obtained , compatibly with the honour and interests of the country . Of this he was sure , that the first object of any statesman in the country ought to be to procure a peace , provided such a peace were compatible with that honour and those interests . He begged not to be understood , as in the least degree advising , that in any negotiation this country should tamely