proceeding was like putting a parcel into the hands of the driver of a stage coach , while he was yet going on , with a hint that he should suffer no one to examine its contents , but plead , against every call to stop , the lateness of the hour and the necessity of his arrival at the pointed minute . It was a species of proceeding which he supposed he must not call a trick , but which , in strict legal definition , he must be allowed to call a fraud , 985 if a fraud was quod aliud agit , aliud simulat . The clause now proposed , by gradually changing the enlistment from limited to unlimited service , would go to undermine and destroy the system introduced two years ago . The effect of the clause would be most important , and the house ought to have the fullest notice and the fairest opportunity of considering it in all its bearings . He reminded the house , that when , on a memorable occasion , some propositions were made with respect to Catholic soldiers , to which no objection was foreseen at the time , upon its appearing afterwards that objections might be expected , the propositions were withdrawn from the Mutiny Bill , and put to the sense of the house in a separate bill . It was disgraceful that the present measure should be brought forward in the present form . He was glad to find that the noble lord had so far corrected his former sentiments , as to allow that it was material to the army to allow the liberty of engaging for limited service . The noble lord and his friends had formerly contended , and contended with great vehemence , that the men who embraced the profession of arms were equally ready to enlist for life as for a term of years . He was now compelled to abandon this opinion ; yet could not prevail upon himself to relinquish it altogether , but , by the most absurd of all arrangements , would have part of the army on one footing , and part on the other . Did the noble lord intend that the men engaged for unlimited service should be kept in distinct bodies , and appropriated to foreign service . It would be easy to see the inconveniences that would result from that course , and the impossibility , indeed , of executing it . As the numbers were to be unequal , how were they to be distributed between the two battalions ? On the other supposition , the discontents that would prevail in the army , and the injuries that would be done to discipline by having men enlisted , in an inconsiderate moment , for unlimited service , along-side men who were engaged only for a term of years , were too striking to require elucidation . He would come now to the statements , as set forth on a paper printed by consent at the close of the last session , and arranged in opposite columns for the greater convenience of comparison . The noble lord denied him the credit of making any addition-to the army . It was a credit that he had never claimed . His measure had been in full operation , not , as the noble 986 lord had said , for eighteen months , but for twelve ; and during those twelve months , such had been its effects , and such , above all , the manner of producing those effects , as might leave to the advocates of the measure , nothing to be required , however much might have been expected , from the result of any further trial . In the first quarter , it had produced at the rate of 11,000 men a-year ; in the second quarter , at the rate of 13,000 ; in the third quarter , at the rate of 21,000 ; and in the fourth quarter , at the rate of 24,000 . It was certainly no little praise that it so soon equalled the