bill , which was to remedy gross abuses acknowledged to be existing . All that had been said applied solely to the bill , the exceptionable parts of which , if any , might be left out . The principal object he had in rising , was to thank the hon . baronet for the course he was pursuing in spite of all obstacles . He could not suppose that the house could object to the introduction of the bill , because no negative had been given to the statement of the hon . baronet . He never had been more astonished , than at the frivolous objections which had been made to the motion . The object of the bill was to inflict a penalty on those who should violate the provisions of the charter , and he did hope , that the house would never come to any determination that would preclude the hon . baronet from bringing forward his bill.—A division then took place , For the motion , 52 . Against it , 78 . Majority , 26 . The house resolved itself into a committee on the Mutiny Bill . said , he would explain shortly the reasons on which , he was induced to recommend the proposition he intended to submit to the house . All the reasonings and statements connected with the Army were so familiar to the house , that he would have held himself bound , in regard to the time of the house , to offer his motion without any preface , if the 981 right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) had not , very causelessly , in his opinion , taken alarm , as if this motion contained in it a principle ruinous to the military system introduced by that right hon . gent . a short time since . To many parts of the right hon . gent 's system he had no objection ; the inducements held forth to certain descriptions of men , by the liberty to engage for limited service and by the creation of additional pensions , he highly approved of . But what he complained of was , that the right hon . gent . considered his measure as prescriptive , to be preserved without addition or alteration , contrary to what had ever happened with respect to any other measure . He had no objection to limited service , and he had formerly promoted to a certain extent , engagements limited in space as well as in time . But why should limited service be in a manner enforced , to the total exclusion of unlimited service , even when the men were perfectly satisfied , and desirous to enter without limitation . On former occasions , the men for limited service were kept in separate battalions . The right hon . gent . mixed them . It was not intended to interfere with this any more than with any other part of the right hon . gent . 's arrangement . The right hon . gent . complained much of the change about to be introduced in the exclusive form of his measure : but no measure , no military system , could reasonably claim an exclusive and unalterable sanction . The right hon . gent . might hold himself discharged from all responsibility for his measure , after the alterations proposed to be introduced . All responsibility in matters of this kind , belonged properly , if not exclusively , to those who were bound to supply every thing that was deficient , to correct every thing that was vicious in the existing system . The house would form its judgment without any of that alarm which the right hon . gentleman felt , in his opinion without any ground . The right hon . gent . had no right to complain of this as a premature interference with his measure . The right hon . gent 's . system was as prematurely and abruptly introduced to the abrogation of the Additional Force act , then growing into full efficiency . The right hon . gent