of them have been gained , we have something to put to the credit side of the account . In what way is our security increased ? Is our north-western frontier defended by a greater body of forces ? —No . Have we a larger army of British troops in Oude than before ? —No . On the contrary , although the pretended object of our first attack on the nabob 's independence was the necessity of a much larger effective military establishment in Oude , we have since the treaty had permanently a less force than before . The average number has been from 10,000 to 12,500 men from the year 1802 to the last accounts in 1806 , and the greater part of these scattered up and down the ceded provinces , in the brilliant employ of the collectors of the revenue , to the great annoyance of the natives and the ruin of the 1106 discipline of the army , as has been stated to you by sir James Craig , in his evidence at your bar . I can not help asking here—What can be a stronger proof of the falsehood of our reason for marching in our troops than this statement , which is strictly correct ? But , are our finances improved by this measure ? Ask the India Company . It has been acknowledged that the flourishing statement of the probable future revenue of the ceded provinces , by Mr. H. Wellesley , has never been realised . You have been told by an hon . director , ( Mr. Robert Thornton ) the immense increase of debt , during the administration of lord Wellesley : and much am I deceived , if the committee you have just appointed to inquire into the state of the company 's affairs , will not soon furnish you with a statement much less encouraging than the one you have heard . How , indeed , can it be otherwise ? Can this system of eternal war , of extended territory , be carried on , without a proportionate expence , and consequently of increase of debt ? Firmly am I convinced , that all your debts and embarrassments are owing to the wretched and disgraceful system of extortion and plunder you have pursued . But will it be said , that our government is more secure . How will the friends of lord Wellesley prove this ? Is it by the temporary subjugation of the princes of India ? Is that the security on which we must rely , should the present ruler of France carry into execution his projected attack ? Is there one of these princes on whom you could , in such case rely ! Your treatment has made them your bitter enemies in heart—though they are now your humble slaves . The appearance of an European army would rekindle the flame of resentment , which , if suppressed , can never be extinguished . A government by force , as has been recommended by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitshed Keene ) can not be durable , it is physically impossible , that 30,000 . Europeans should be the absolute masters of sixty or seventy millions of the inhabitants of India , subdued by violence or treachery ? For , let gentlemen look at the map of Hindostan , and they will see the extent of the mischief in which this wretched system has involved us . From the extremity of the Malabar to the Coromandel coast , all is British influence and oppression . How have you treated the nabob of Surat ? He had a divided authority with the Company ; you have taken it from him , and 1107 made him a pensioner on the bounty of the company—a mere cypher of authority , subject to your will and pleasure ! How have you treated the unhappy chiefs of the southern Polygars ? You have razed their forts ; hung them up at the doors of their own palaces , and transported to New South Wales their relatives and adherents ! What have you done with the