? then rose and said , that the house must perceive he was called upon in no usual way ; however , he should not shrink from the performance of his duty , whenever he should be called upon to perform it . He apprehended that any member of that house , who might have had the honour of being appointed to the chair , had two duties to perform . The first was , when a member thought proper to consult him upon any question touching the forms of that house , or the nature of its proceedings , he was always ready , as , indeed , it was his duty , to state to him his personal opinion , upon the point submitted to his consideration . It was also his duty , whenever a question arose in the course of their proceeding , respecting the orders , forms , or usages of that house , to explain the rules of its conduct , and the nature of the particular order or usage that might bear upon the question , always leaving it to the house to make the application . It was not for him by an avowal of his opinion to attempt to sway the debates of that house . If , however , it should be the pleasure of the house , to call upon him for his opinion , he should be ready to declare it ; for he did not fear to state his opinion . But the matter was still a question in the house , and upon it the house alone could , by a vote , decide . He had stated what the usage was , and that , if the bill under consideration was a Money bill , pursuant to such usage no petition could be received against it . But he had understood the house to have been debating the question , whether the bill was a Money bill or not . Upon that point , a vote of the house alone could be decisive ; and if , in the only case in which he could be called on for an opinion upon it , in the case of a balanced opinion in the house , it should be his duty to pronounce that opinion , he would know how to do his duty ; but , until then , it 895 was not for him to express any official opinion . in justice to himself , to the house , and to the chair , was bound to explain the motive which induced him to put the question to the chair . He had not the most distant idea of putting his question from any feeling of disrespect to the chair . He had heard the hon . gentlemen opposite assert , that the opinion had been decisively given by the chair , which statement he very much questioned , and he was happy to find that his opinion was confirmed by what had fallen from the chair.—A division then took place , For receiving the Petition 80 Against it 128 Majority against it —48 held in his hand a Petition against the Orders in Council Bill , framed in consequence of the rejection of the petition from the merchants of Liverpool offered last night . That petition being incompatible with the orders of the house , the present was framed to suit those forms , and that was the reason why it was signed only with the names of the three gentlemen who acted as delegates , instead of the 400 merchants who had signed the other . having heard the prayer of the petition read , feared it still militated against the forms of the house , as adverting and being applicable principally , if not exclusively , to the bill before the house . If the petitioners would state their grievances under the Orders in Council generally , the petition might be received and attended to . defended the petition against this objection of applying to the bill before the house . It applied simply to the Orders in Council . argued