could be put upon it ; and certainly the government of France was not in the habit of making silly or inconsequential decrees . France had stated , that our departure from the maritime law , in declaring four kingdoms in a state of blockade , was the cause of their declaring this kingdom in a state of blockade , though without any act of blockade . The confiscation was a consequence of blockade , and therefore not necessary to be notified to neutrals . He would not deny that there were ambiguous expressions in the French decree ; but these ambiguities enabled them to put their own construction upon the decree , as it might suit the occasion , either to relax in its execution , if neutral nations should make a spirited resistance , or to inforce it , if they submitted . Accordingly , notwithstanding the explanation given to the American minister , after the lapse of some time , when the neutrals had been deceived , the interpretation that had since been published of the decree declared , that all vessels coming from English ports should be captured . He was surprized that this interpretation , more sophistical than any other official paper , except the decree itself , had satisfied the Americans . But it had not , he was convinced , satisfied them ; though here , where their interests were better argued than by themselves , that impression might be entertained . During the French revolution , he remembered , that the conduct of the revolutionists was defended in this country , upon grounds which they never thought of themselves , until they saw them in the accounts of the proceedings of the British parliament . He had seen an act of the American Congress , which did not refer in the slightest degree to that satisfaction . The French minister had said , that the Decree of the 21st of Nov. did not alter the maritime law of France . He did not know what law was meant here . There had been many such laws against neutrals during the revolution , and if the explanation referred to them , the decree did not alter them . The explanation , however , did give every satisfaction as to the construction of the restriction , or the extension of the decree , which was the most important information for America to receive . The single case that had been stated by his 335 learned friend , as it took place in Spain , went to the whole case , and shewed , that not even was the decree executed to the confiscation of British goods , which his learned friend had admitted to be within the provisions of the decree . It was upon that ground , that the late ministers had founded their Order , which in the debate this time twelvemonth they declared not to be a limited measure , but intended to be followed up by more vigorous measures , if France should persevere in her injustice . What was the Note delivered with the treaty to the American minister , but a declaration that we should retaliate to any extent which the conduct of France and the submission of Neutrals might render necessary ? These Orders only declared the ports of France and her allies in a state of blockade , and their produce contraband of war ; and France had done the same by this country . The exceptions were so many mitigations , which , perhaps , rendered the Orders more exceptionable . When the coast from Brest to the Elbe was declared last war in a state of blockade , commercial regulations were first connected with the blockade . From Brest to Ostend could be justly blockaded , but not the coast from Ostend to the Elbe . All vessels , therefore , not coming from or going to France , were permitted to pass unmolested to and from the ports between Ostend and the Elbe . The Orders in Council did not , could not , alter the law of nations . The king might