also , that if his majesty , from unjust . or mistaken councils , is advised to promulgate such execution and non-resistance , that state of things is nottraversable in the court of Admiralty , but must be implicitly received as the fact . And , finally , I admit that the rule given by the king , upon the facts which he promulgates , must be received and acted upon by the court , unless , in the judgment and conscience of the judge , it be plainly and manifestly repugnant to the law of nations . But I do maintain and positively assert , that , in the very case before us , the Order of the 1st of Nov. without its preamble , would have been manifestly repugnant to the law of nations ; and that the judges of the courts of Admiralty , and the courts of prizes , ought to have refused to act upon it . If I am wrong in this , let us hasten to obliterate , from our solemn judgments and our declarations of state to other nations , propositions which are manifestly false and fraudulent . My lords , there are many other occasions which produce perpetual orders and directions from his maj. to his prize courts . His majesty , having promulgated who are his enemies , is bound to watch over the safety of the state ; he therefore promulgates blockades , according to his direction of the national force ; and he also may make new declarations of contraband , when articles come into use as implements of war , which were , before 959 innocent : this is not , as was imagined , the exercise of discretion over contraband : the law of nations prohibits contraband , and it is the Usus Bellici , which , shifting from time to time , makes the law to shift with them . So the king may relax from the utmost rights of war , and from its extreme severities : on that principle we have long relaxed , till lately , from the rule of 56 ; and captors are implicitly bound by these relaxations . The court of Admiralty can take all such facts from his majesty alone , and the rule also in every possible case not manifestly repugnant to the law of nations ; but , independently of the statutes which I now hasten to , if an order were manifestly repugnant to it , the courts would be bound to presume , that his maj. had been deceived , as courts of law frequently decide his maj , has been deceived in his grants , and that he did not mean to violate the most sacred of all trusts , the confidence which nations repose in one another.—I know , however , that it will be still said , that , although an arbitrary and unjust order , directing a manifest departure from the established law of nations , might be a breach of that trust which states repose in one another , yet that the abuse of any jurisdiction does not limit or affect its extent ; that it is for the crown , and not for the legislature , to communicate with prize courts ; and that my argument proves too much in another respect , since , if the law of nations could not be altered by the king , so neither , upon my own principles , could it be altered by parliament itself . This observation is said to have been used , in another place , by a person , whose talents and learning no man respects more than I do , but I confess I should not have thought that this arrow could come from such a quiver ; because no doubt parliament can no more alter the law of nations , consistently with right and justice , than the king : but it would be trifling with the subject not immediately to answer , that against the injustice of parliament there can be no redress for a British subject : the supreme government must be