of enormous expenditure , and particularly the Drivers ' corps , in which he was not satisfied , and which he should take another opportunity of bringing forward for discussion . vindicated the whole of the estimate , and said the artillery of this country had attained a pitch of efficiency under the auspices of lord Chatham , not only unparalleled at any former period , but superior to any other train of Ordnance now in Europe . It consisted of 6000 men , with 4000 horses attached , and all in such a state of discipline and equipment , as to enable them to oppose a force of artillery against any enemy who should land in this country , in one-third the time , and with more than triple the effect that could be done at any former period.—The question upon the estimate was then put and carried . pursuant to notice , rose for the purpose of moving for copies or extracts of any dispatches that had been sent in Nov. or Dec. 1806 , by Mr. Garlike his majesty 's minister to the court of Denmark , to his majesty 's secretary of state for foreign affairs , relating to the ac- 756 tual or intended invasion of Holstein by the army of France . It was also his intention to move for the several other Papers front which he had quoted passages to the house on a former occasion . His object was by producing the documents , to correct those misconstructions which had been put upon his conduct and language in that instance . As he did not feel it necessary to make any further observation on the subject of the motion , he should barely move , that an humble Address be presented to his majesty , & c.—On the motion being put , said , that he had been one of those who , on the former occasion , in part persuaded by the arguments of the right hon . gent . and in part from his own conviction , had resisted the production of these Papers . Nothing that had since occurred had altered his opinion . If these papers were necessary to be produced , a great many more would be necessary , in order to set the persons who were concerned right with the public . These would not be sufficient to justify Mr. Garlike , who could not be set right with the public but by the production of all his dispatches , down to the time of the expedition to Copenhagen . could with difficulty object to the production of any papers that might be necessary for the justification of any hon . gent . 's conduct . But he had not so much respect for the feelings of any individual , as to think that the public service should be sacrificed to them . The right hon . gent . had made his extracts from the papers , to shew that there had been a hostile feeling in Denmark , and that this opinion of the present ministers had been fortified by the opinion of the late administration . But Mr. Garlike 's dispatches dated in Nov. and Dec. 1806 , would not be sufficient for his purpose , it would be necessary to produce all the dispatches that had been received down to the time of the expedition . A suspicion might have been entertained in 1806 , which had afterwards been removed , and something of this description had , he believed , taken place , because in the commencement of 1807 , a large fleet had been collected , intended for the Baltic , which had afterwards been sent on various other destinations , when the suspicion respecting Denmark had been removed . The right . hon . gent . first endeavoured to justify the expedition , and then he came to justify himself but he could not justify 757 himself , unless he produced all the papers . He had thought the hon . gent . had intended to produce all the correspondence of Mr. Garlike , but if he should not ,