We boasted , indeed , of our relaxations , as we were pleased to call them , by which confiscation was commuted for revenue , but these provisions were in his opinion a vicious feature in the measure ; they stamped upon it that air boutiqueére , which would ensure its condemnation by neutrals . It was in vain we declared that revenue was no part of our object ; America would not believe us . He would leave however the question of legality to others who would , he was sure , most satisfactorily discuss it.—As to the expediency of the measure , it was one principal motive in his rising to state ; that the West India interest had neither promoted , nor approved it . There was an erroneous opinion on this subject among the public , not among his majesty 's ministers , for they must well know that in Dec. last the West India Committee had unani- 680 mously and decisively expressed in a communication to the chancellor of the exchequer their belief , that these Orders in Council could afford to our own colonies no relief , but might , on the contrary , facilitate and legalise the supply and support of the enemy 's colonies . The British West India planters had been also accused of suggesting and promoting a quarrel with America . This , also , was false ; for a great majority of them felt and acknowledged that war with America would be one of the greatest calamities to which our colonies could be subjected . They had , indeed , been sorely grieved by the abuses of the neutral trade , and as America was chiefly instrumental in those abuses , expressions of anger and irritation had been wrung from them in their distress . But , the remedies they had so long and earnestly suggested , were , that the colonies of the enemy should , in their turn , be subjected to the chances of war ; that they should be blockaded by a portion of our great naval force , or that the rule of the war of 1756 should be enforced . And , objectionable as the latter of these measures might have appeared to America if suddenly resorted to , he was persuaded that it would have proved less so than the measures we had adopted . It might have been alleviated by conceding to her a temporary traffic in so much of our own colonial produce as must otherwise be wasted or brought hither to the ruin of the planter , and it might have been justly defended as a belligerent measure , most consistent with our own situation as masters of the sea , and with our unquestionable right to impoverish those sources to which the enemy must look for establishing himself as a rival maritime power . What was it we were dreading , in the event of peace , so much as that France should thereby obtain a navy ? and was it not true that to her colonies principally she must look for that purpose ? —It would be found on attentive survey , that the naval force of France had always kept pace with the prosperity of her colonial trade , and yet , without regarding on whom the reproach might fall , he must say , that in the long course of this contest we had been very little solicitous to prevent her from receiving back her colonies at a peace , in a condition much more prosperous than that in which we had maintained our own.—If our West India colonies were not to be benefitted by this measure , he was at a loss to conceive by what description of traders 681 the advantage was to be derived . It was the commencement of a war of privation by the greatest commercial nation in the world , and it must be remembered that in this conflict there might be two kinds of distress : distress from the need of buying , and distress from the need of selling ; in his opinion , the latter feeling