? answered , that it only went to oppose certain chases , but not the bill in the general view . stated the usage of the house to be , not to receive any petition against a duty bill . If the hon . general could satisfy the house that his petition did not come under this description , it might be received ; not otherwise . observed , that the house was obliged to the speaker for the distinct manner in which he had stated the usage of the house . This was most important petition . Interests of the greatest magnitude were concerned in it ; yet these petitioners were now to be told , that they could not be heard . Where then could they be heard ? Was there any course for them to pursue to obtain a hearing ? Or did the house stand in this unfortunate 890 predicament , that though well disposed to listen to the petitioners , they could not , in point of form , attend to them ? If so , it was the only instance that ever had occurred in the history of parliament where petitioners were rejected , without some other mode being pointed out by which they might state their complaints . He professed his respect for the usage of admitting no petitions against tax because , if petitions should be received against them in the session in which they passed , every one would be so anxious to shift the burthen from himself that the public business could not be carried on . But this petition was not against the duties , but against the regulations ; and though it was contrary to the letter , it was perfectly consistent with the spirit of the usage . This tax was besides , not within the principle of duties , for it was merely a tax on foreigners , laid with a view not to revenue , but to the carrying into effect certain commercial regulations . Against these this petition was presented , and the petitioners would have the strongest ground of complaint if they were shut out from bringing evidence to prove their allegations . The house too had much reason to complain . Hitherto the responsibility of these Orders rested with those who advised them ; but when the bill passed it would rest with the house . Could the members say that they had sufficient evidence from commercial men , that they were just and proper ? Had the ministers satisfied them with their speeches ? There were grounds to suppose from what had passed that some of the provisions would be changed , so little had ministers themselves matured their measure . But all that the petitioners had in the world was at stake . The ministers said , that this was a bill 'for the protection of trade ; ' the petitioners said , that they would shew that it was a bill not for the protection , but for the destruction of trade . Would the house take upon itself the intolerable responsibility of this measure , without listening to such a heavy complaint preferred from such a quarter ? It was an intolerable hardship on the petitioners , to be sent back unheard , merely through the negligence and blunders of the ministers . They might , upon a pretence of this sort , deprive a man of his estate , without allowing him to be heard , by inserting in the bill a duty upon the stamp for the conveyance . Our ancestors had prevented such things , by confining the duties to the 891 committee of ways and means , and originating other things in such a way as to allow petitioners to be heard . Mr. Pitt had been scrupulous in avoiding the committee of ways and means where he could ; and of this the cases of the consolidation of the duties , and the two-penny post duty , were instances . Oh , that the gentlemen on the other side would imitate Mr. Pitt in what was just and proper , as well as