the question would be , how did he perform his duty in that situation ? It had been generally admitted , that no officer could have conducted himself with more integrity . He could speak from the means of information which the situation he had lately held ( President of the Board of Controul ) gave him . The merits of lord Lake were not merely in the field of battle , but he conducted himself with great ability in some delicate negociations with the native powers of India . He thought a person placed in a high and responsible situation , and who was eminently successful , did deserve the peerage , and that the grant proposed was not too much . The utmost pension which the crown had the power of bestowing , which was 1200l . per annum nominally , but really no more than 800l . would be by no means an adequate remuneration for such services . As to a public monument , he could wish that that honour should be reserved exclusively to those generals who received their death in the field of battle . The East India company were , however , often liberal in those things ; and as his principal services had been performed in India , he thought it would be becoming in them to take this part of the expence upon themselves . said , that from the arguments he had now heard , he wished to retract the opinion he had expressed about the public monument . He defended the observations of the hon . baronet from the constructions which had been put upon them . said , that he had been most entirely misrepresented by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer as to what he had said about the means which the crown possessed of rewarding eminent services . He had not alluded to the pension list , or thought of it ; he alluded directly to the great offices , sinecures and reversions , which ministers always pretended were necessary , in order to allow the crown the means of rewarding eminent services . He was surprized that the right hon . gent . should have mistaken his mean- 799 ing so widely , especially when that right hon . gent . needed not to look beyond his own family to know what sort of sinecures and reversions the crown had to bestow as the reward of eminent services . If ministers had come down and told the house , that it was parliament alone which ought to assign the reward to eminent services , and that therefore all those useless sinecures , reversions , and incumbrances should be done away , the question should be entirely altered , and he should then have no objection to vote a liberal remuneration for any eminent services performed to the country : the right hon . gent . best knew what kind of services it was , which was rewarded by such sinecures as his family and many others possessed . Their eminent services might be well known by the servants of the crown , but the people of the country knew nothing about them . Whenever the slightest service was rendered which could bear the light , or which could be stated to parliament , there was immediately an application for a reward , which was not to come from what was in the patronage of the crown , but from an additional burden imposed on the people . An hon . gen. ( Mr. Bankes ) had thought it necessary to disclaim his political opinions , and all participation in them . This disclaiming of the hon . gent . should not , however , make him hesitate to state those opinions to the house , whenever he was convinced that he was prompted by no indirect view , that he was labouring from no party motives , or any wish to bring in one set of ministers or turn out another ; but exercising that duty of a member of parliament which he conceived himself most peculiarly called upon to discharge.—Standing ,