as he did , on a great constitutional ground , he did not feel that he was called upon to enter into a discussion on the personal merit of lord Lake . Discussions of this sort were always most disagreeable ; and there could be nothing more painful to a gentleman than to be obliged to say any thing which would appear to derogate from the merit of a gallant officer who was no more , and who appears to have been beloved , and perhaps very deservedly , by his brother officers . He should , however , say , that the services of lord Lake were not of the most distinguished rank ; they were nothing like the services of lord Nelson . He did not know that the country owed any particular gratitude to him ; and he thought , that if one tenth part of the rewards which 800 had been given to lord Lake in his lifetime had been distributed among many other gallant officers , whose merits had been unrewarded , the army would have been much better contented . It was the opinion of many persons that his rewards far exceeded his services . As to the great victory that was spoken of at Delhi , he must ask , who ever went to India that did not win battles ? When the brilliant victories of lord Lake were mentioned , he might , if he pleased , mention also some remarkable failures . He did not wish , however , to go into this discussion , because he rested his argument not upon the circumstances of this peculiar case , but upon the general constitutional ground . He would not be prevailed upon by any false colouring of the services of this man , or of that man , to depart from the general ground of objection which he had considered it his duty to make . He should , therefore , persevere in taking the sense of the house ; he should use this common expression , although in 'fact the sense of the house ' was known as well before a division as after it . Another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) had appeared very anxious to guard himself from any suspicion that , by his vote to-night , he was departing from those political opinions which he professed himself to have been so constantly attached to . The right hon . gent . might make himself quite easy upon that head . He might be sure that he would not be suspected of acting from any other sort of principles than those which had hitherto guided his political conduct . After the explanation which had been made of the sentiments he had before delivered by an hon . gent . he did not feel it necessary for him to make any further explanations ; but as he conceived that the present motion went to lay an additional and unnecessary incumbrance on the burthened and exhausted people of this country , he must persevere in his intention of resisting it to the utmost , and dividing the house upon it . stated his sentiments shortly against the motion , as he thought there was sufficient ability in the crown to grant the necessary reward.—The gallery was then cleared for a division . While strangers were excluded , the house divided twice . The first was upon the grant of the pension generally : Ayes 210 ; Noes 26.—The second division was upon the pension being granted from the date of the battle at Delhi : Ayes 202 ; Noes 15. rose and spoke nearly as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; It has been announced , in the Speech delivered by the Lords Commissioners at the opening of the present session of parliament , that this is the crisis of the fate of the country ; and I believe the assertion to be true . At various epochs of the war , persons speaking in this and the other house of parliament , have used the epithets alarming , disastrous , tremendous ; and each has