force of 35,000 regulars and militia , in order to give splendour to the success . As to the votes of thanks to the governors of Bombay and Madras , he should not have concurred in them , if he had been in the house : but the cause for which they had been given was expressly stated , and certainly the exertions of the different governments had been productive of the most important results . He disapproved of the peerage being given as the reward of any military services , but those of the highest rank ; but as to pecuniary grants , he thought the country often too niggardly in their remuneration , and that a pension of 2000l . per annum was not a sufficient reward for services of the highest importance . There was one reason which he thought might incline some persons to think that rewards and thanks ought not to be given in this instance . The Committee at Lloyd 's , who generally ran before the decision of parliament , had not yet voted their thanks and rewards . He believed , however , that he could account for the tardiness of those gentlemen on the present occasion . He believed that one of the great inducements of that body 182 to hail their Captain . of the Fleet ( sir Home Popham ) was that they considered him as a man who would be most extremely attentive to the interests of their trade ; but it turned out , that after the surrender , he was so completely occupied in packing up the stores taken , that he forgot to apprize the merchant vessels in the trade , of the war with Denmark , and many ships were taken in consequence of this want of information . Probably the gentlemen at Lloyd 's felt a little sore upon this point . It must be recollected also , that great complaints had been made by the Russian merchants of the neglect which their trade had experienced . The Captain of the Fleet was , however , employed in a different manner . He was packing up every thing which could be carried away , and collecting every old hammer which he could find . As to the promotion of admiral Gambier to the peerage , every one who was personally acquainted with the gallant admiral , who knew the excellence of his character and the suavity of his manners , might be pleased at any good fortune he might meet with ; but the general feeling of those who happened not to be acquainted with him , was a feeling of disgust at seeing the peerage given as a reward for such service , or such no-service , as he had performed . When he said 'no-service , ' he only meant to say that there was nothing for admiral Gambier to do . The hon . member , after contrasting the late expedition with the advantages gained at Copenhagen by lord Nelson , where the gallantry and humanity of the English character were admired by the Danes themselves , concluded by declaring , that he thought the thanks of parliament would be of little value in future , if they were now given . After the gallery was cleared for a division , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Elliot , Mr. W. Smith , and sir F. Burdett spoke against the motion ; and at the instance of sir F. Burdett , the house divided , when there appeared , For the Vote of thanks 100 , against it 19 . Majority 81 . List of the Minority . Brand , T. Matthew , M. Burdett , sir F. Martin , H. Combe , H. C. Ossulston , lord . Creevey , T. Parnell , H. Folkestone , lord . Pierce , H. Honeywood , W. Smith , W. Hibbert , G. Smith , J. Hurst , R. Sharp , R. Horner , F. Tracey , H. Howard , W. 183 The following Resolutions were then moved by lord Castlereagh , and agreed to ; `` 1 . That the thanks of this