might have been induced to consent to a vote of thanks to the army , but objected to one to the navy . He could not , however , see upon what ground any such distinction could be made . The most skilful dispositions were made by lord Gambier in the distribution of the fleet under his command ; that part of it entrusted to rear-admiral Keats , was extended for 200 miles , and had for its object to cut off the communication between 161 Zealand and the continent . By this means the Danish army in Holstein were prevented from passing into Zealand , which , had they been enabled to do , the great object of the expedition might have been of doubtful attainment ; at all events , it must have been rendered a service of difficulty and danger . The skill , therefore , he contended , of admiral lord Gambier , had been conspicuously manifested ; but in any case , when the army and navy were conjointly employed , to vote thanks to one and not to the other , could tend to no possible good ; on the contrary , it must tend to excite a jealousy between the two branches of our forces . It had , besides , always been the practice to unite them in votes of thanks , where they were jointly employed . rose and addressed the house for the first time . He observed , that no one felt more strongly than he did the propriety of abstaining from any discussion of the general measure on this occasion . Nothing could be more unbecoming a man than to mix any party feelings with the question . The manner in which the debate had been conducted afforded an example , that it was possible to discuss a subject arising out of a great political question , without introducing invidious or personal observation . He rose for the purpose rather of expressing his approbation of the principles laid down by his noble friend ( lord Holland ) , than in the hope of adding any thing to the arguments by which they were supported . They , as his arguments in general were , were unanswerable . To the conduct of the expedition , or to the merits of the officers employed , he had nothing to object . They had done all was expected or required of them , and they would have done more if more had been required . What he , as well as his noble friend , contended for was , that the object of the expedition to the Baltic was neither of sufficient magnitude , nor attended with sufficient difficulty , to entitle those engaged in it to the thanks of that house . He could by no means accede to the principle laid down by the noble secretary of state , that the magnitude of an object was of itself sufficient grounds for the approbation of parliament . Suppose a Russian fleet , greater than that of Denmark , in a British port , and that orders were sent down to the port admiral to take possession of it , was he to receive the thanks of parlia- 162 ment because he had so disposed the men of war under his command , as to prevent the enemy from getting out , and consequently surrendering ? This no man would say was an occasion worthy of such a high honour . When the two cases united ; when magnitude of object was combined with difficulty of enterprise—these , indeed , were fit subjects for parliamentary honours . It was far from his intention to detract in the smallest degree from the merits of the officers engaged in the expedition to Copenhagen . They had nothing to do with the justice or injustice of the service in which they were employed . The only question was , whether they had done their duty , and whether that duty was a fit object for the thanks of that house . But , would it be said , that the services performed , and