possession of all her means , and be thus enabled to employ them as they may think fit . said , the present treaty was intended to enable Sweden to defend herself , not by any instigation of ours , but , from a sense of the fidelity and 1165 attachment which she had uniformly shewn to this country throughout the war , to assist her to make the best struggle in her power to extricate herself from the state into which she had fallen , from the circumstances and events of the war , without any responsibility of ours . said , he was glad to hear that the right hon . gent . allowed Sweden was brought into her present situation not by any persuasion of ours , but by the events of the war : she had , therefore , no call on us . He was happy to find there did not appear to be in the mind of the right hon . gent . any wish to induce Sweden to make an obstinate resistance . cited the case of Portugal , to prove that no purchased peace could afford security against the arbitrary proceedings of France . Portugal had repeatedly purchased her neutrality , yet after all that country was seized and subdued by Buonaparte . As long as Sweden could defend herself , it was an advantage to G. Britain as well as to herself to enable her to hold out . wished the money to be given to his majesty 's ministers in the shape of a vote of credit , to be by them applied according as they should find it necessary and proper to make the advances . The right of either party to make peace , ought to have been kept perfectly free . If the Orders in Council were to be the law , it was essential to take the best measures for their complete execution . He had great satisfaction in thinking that this money was advanced to Sweden merely for the purpose of defending herself and procuring peace , and not for the purpose of exciting useless and destructive wars . said , it seemed to him that which way soever ministers had made the treaty , they would have been , equally unlikely to meet with the approbation of the hon . gentlemen opposite ; for they all differed in opinion with each other . The first hon . gent . thought it better to keep the money under the controul of parliament . The second was for granting it all at once to buy a peace ; and the noble lord came in between these two extremes , and wished to have it as a vote of credit . In one part of the argument , they had contended , that Sweden could not make any effectual struggle , but must be compelled to make peace ; and in another they insisted , that if we wished to make peace , Sweden might refuse to do so , and reproach us for at- 1166 tempting such a measure without her consent . He thought the very able and ample manner in which his right hon . friend had explained the subject , was a sufficient elucidation of it , and was convinced ministers were not likely to have obtained the entire acquiescence of the hon . gentlemen opposite , let them have acted how they would . thought that as this was a bare treaty of subsidy , there ought not to be tacked to it any stipulations about binding this country not to conclude peace but in concert with Sweden . He thought , at all events , that at the same time that those political negotiations were going forward , there ought to have been a convention for arranging commercial objects . The Resolution was agreed to , and the report was ordered to be received tomorrow . then moved the following Address , which was negatived without a division : viz . `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , humbly to represent to his majesty , that his