suffered to remain , without inquiry . The papers which he would move for would go to show why the British squadron had gone to the Dardanelles , why it had come away , and what had been done there . He concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the house a Copy of the Treaty of Alliance , offensive and defensive , between his majesty and the Ottoman Porte , signed at Constantinople , January 5 , 1799 , by sir Sidney Smith , and Mr. Spencer Smith ; also a Copy of any Secret Articles of the said Treaty regulating the passage of the Dardanelles by British ships of war ; a copy of a Dispatch of lord Elgin , notifying the exchange of the ratifications of the said Treaty ; a copy of any Treaty existing between the Porte and Russia on the 19th of Jan. 1807 ; copies of the Letters of the secretary of state to Mr. Arbuthnot , his majesty 's ambassador at Constantinople , at the time of the British squadron proceeding to that place ; and of Mr. Arbuthnot 's Dispatches after the arrival of the squadron ; copies of the Instructions issued to lord Collingwood , and of those issued by him to sir John Duckworth ; a copy of a Letter from sir Sidney Smith to sir John Duckworth , relating to the burning a Danish ship in the Dardanelles ; and copies , generally , of all the Correspondence of lord Collingwood , and the officers sent by him on this service . '' after waiting a few moments to see if any one would rise on the other side—the gentlemen there being particularly interested in this subject , and therefore naturally supposed to he anxious to take the earliest opportunity of delivering their sentiments—felt himself now called upon , in consequence of their silence , to state what his sense of his duty suggested to him with respect to the 489 motion now offered . He had said , on a former night , that the motion was brought forward without his knowledge or concurrence : the hon . mover had stated the same thing this night . Not having the honour of an acquaintance with the hon . gent. , he had had no means of ascertaining the nature of the information he meant to call for , till the hon . gent . did him the honour to transmit to him , this morning , a list of the Papers he meant to move for . Since that time , he had considered and investigated all the circumstances as much as the time allowed , and he would now state , how far it was possible and proper to comply with the motions . The first motion , relating to the Treaty of Alliance with the Porte , there could be no difficulty of acceding to . The treaty was matter of public record and notoriety , and therefore there could be no reserve with respect to it . As to any Secret Articles regulating the passage of the Dardanelles by British ships of war , he could find no traces of such articles . On reference to the books of the Foreign Office , it was found that the Treaty had been for a time taken away by a person connected with the office , and not returned to the custody of the librarian to whom it properly belonged . Till the treaty was got back , it could not be ascertained whether there was or was not any secret articles of the nature alluded to . There could be no difficulty in producing a copy of the dispatch of lord Elgin , relative to the exchange of the ratifications of the Treaty . With respect to any Treaty between Russia and the Porte , in Jan. 19 , 1807 , he did not conceive how that could be laid before the house . His majesty 's government was seldom in possession of such copies of the treaties of foreign powers as could be laid before parliament , unless when such treaties