no other plea for the extraordinary grant , except the necessities of lord Lake 's family . said , that , as it was stated that the fortunes of lord Lake 's daughters did not exceed 1500l . he thought it would be much better to give the sum of 9000l . among the younger children , than make it a present to the inheritor of the title . rose to enter his protest against the grant . He had two objections ; one on personal grounds , and the other upon constitutional grounds . The personal objection was this , that when any individual came forward to claim a pension on the ground of services , those services should be of a very distinguished nature . There ought not to be any necessity for asking when and where those services were performed ; but they should be services of that brilliant kind , that the fame of them should ring through the 794 world . In the present circumstances of the country , when the people of England were burthened and exhausted with taxation , he did not think that any extraordinary grants of money should be voted as a remuneration for services which were not in themselves of extraordinary merit . This was the whole of the personal objection , as he did not deny that lord Lake was a gallant officer , and had performed some services , although he differed with many hon . members as to the value of those services. # x2014 ; His great objection , however , to the grant , was upon constitutional grounds . He thought that his majesty had ample resources and means to reward every merit of this nature , and that there was no necessity for applying to parliament to lay a new burden upon the people . He should ask , what had become of all those sinecures which were at the disposal of the crown , and under the patronage of ministers ? Whenever they had been alluded to in that house , it was always argued by ministers , that these things were very necessary , in order to enable the crown to reward eminent services ; but , whenever there were any eminent services to be rewarded , instead of giving any of those places which it was pretended that they ought to have the patronage of , for the reward of eminent services , the real reward was always made to come by imposing an additional burden on the people . He should wish to ask the gentlemen on the other side , what kind of eminent services those were , for the reward of which those things were given ? They were services which never saw the light # x2014 ; services which none but the ministers knew any thing about . When , however , any real service was performed , they applied to parliament to reward it , by laying additional burdens on an exhausted people . On this principle , he felt it his duty to take the sense of the house upon the motion , and call for a division . As to the merits of lord Lake , he thought that was a very minor consideration . Whatever the merits of that gallant officer might be , the remuneration he received was not behind them . There were many other gallant officers who had performed services which had been by no means rewarded in the proportion that lord Lake 's had been . He believed that if lord Lake were now alive , he could not consent to put in a claim for additional grants to reward his services , which grants must be another burden imposed upon an exhausted people . If his 795 merits had been great , the merits of the people of England were not small . They had submitted with unexampled patience to privations and sufferings of every kind . If all merit was to be rewarded , where was their merit to find its remuneration or reward ? The only reward which they could receive was from the watchful attention