stopped in its progress , was a step prompted by a spirit similar to that which directed the attack against Copenhagen . That his majesty 's ministers really wished to destroy his measure , he doubted not , although they denied any such intention . He dwelt on the evils which must result from the noble lord 's proposition , and particularly on the heart-burnings which must be occasioned among men who were enlisted for .different terms of service ; and remarked the change which had taken place in the sentiments of his majesty 's ministers ; who formerly had called out for a present accession of force , reckless of futurity , but who now , disregarding the present , directed all their solicitude to the future : for he contended that not a single additional man would be gained to the regular army by the new regulation . spoke at length against the motion . Lord G. Cavendish and sir Ralph Milbanke spoke shortly in favour of Mr. Windham 's measure , amidst frequent calls for the question . The house then divided , when there appeared : For the clause proposed by lord Castlereagh 189 ; For the clause proposed by Mr. Calcraft 116 . Majority 73. renewed his former objections to it . His lordship in the course of his speech entered into a defence of himself against a charge made against him on a former evening , of political bigotry , and argued , that political bigotry was rather to be found amongst those who 1087 called themselves Friends of the People . defended the bill , Which he thought rather tended to support than to attack the king 's prerogative . combated the arguments of lord Redesdale , and observed , that political bigotry consisted in a blind adherence to old notions , and bringing them forward in opposition to reform rendered necessary by an alteration of circumstances . From the arguments advanced by the noble and learned lord , he must , on the same principle he now urged , have opposed the abolition of the star chamber , as an innovation most dangerous to the constitution . The noble earl vindicated himself and his friends from the attack made upon the Friends of the People by the noble and learned lord , and observed , that he had always been and still remained the advocate of moderate and temperate reform ; which he considered the best means of maintaining the constitution , and of averting the danger which might ultimately arise from long continued abuses . said , that the proposed amendments having been rejected by the committee , he must give the bill his decided negative . The house then divided on the question , that the bill be read a third time : Contents 26 Non-contents 69 Proxies 22—48 Proxies 59—128 Majority against the bill 80 [ PROTEST . ] `` Dissentient , 1st , Because the bill does not in our opinion invade any of the legal prerogatives of the crown , or diminish any of its constitutional influence , but tends rather to secure both , by removing the temptation to negligence or abuse in the disposal of offices . 2d , Because it appears to us to be necessary in this and every other instance , to secure to the subjects of this country , suffering under the pressure of an unprecedented accumulation of taxes , the means of economical retrenchment , and reform of such offices , as can either be reduced in their emolument or entirely abolished , without injury to the dignity and powers of the crown , or to the interests of the public . 3d , Because with respect to places granted in reversion , all means of retrenchment and reform are taken away so long as the lives for which they are granted shall continue . 4th , Because reform and retrenchment in the public expenditure have been recommended to us from the throne , and because we are apprehensive , that the rejection of the present bill may be con- 1088 sidered by the people of the United Kingdom ,