the world ; and well she might , standing as she did upon a rock , inaccessible to the common enemy . If she had persevered in her honourable career , the tyranny of the continent would go when the tyrant was gone . What would have been the opinion of other nations of this illustrious country , if she had made sacrifices and encountered risks in adhering to her old principles ? So far from gaining security by abandoning them , she exposed herself to ruin . In his opinion , the law of nations had been violated , and he should explain his notion of the matter by a very simple illustration . If a fire were to break out in the Haymarket , it would be justifiable to pull down an adjoining house to prevent the spreading of the flames ; but a man would be by no means justified in pulling down his neighbour 's house , at Hyde Park Corner , lest the conflagration should reach his house ; still less on a rumour of such a fire , when no fire had taken place in the Playmarket , or on a report alone that some malicious person intended to set the house there on fire . He would prefer that France had the Danish fleet , rather than we the enmity of the Danish people . Ministers thought they had got rid of danger , but they had got into the midst of it . The conduct of the English in the massacre of all the Danes on the report of an invasion by Swein , recorded in the first volume of Mr. 356 Hume 's history , was an analogous case . The invasion did take place which had not been before in contemplation , and a dreadful retaliation was the consequence . If the fact was that Denmark was hostile , we should have encountered and beat her manfully . He ridiculed the idea of ministers taking away so many useless ships , and christening them anew , as the Gypsies did children whom they had purloined . If we had carefully avoided imitating France , if we had observed principles pure and uncontaminated , England would be now looked up to as the shield , the disinterested protector , and the saviour of Europe ; and the nations of the earth might expect to have their chains broken . But ministers had no rules of right but their own opinion . They did not even deign to consult parliament . He compared them to an unfortunate party in a court of law , who , from the total want of papers , documents , and proofs , by winch he had hoped to have established his point , finds himself in the disagreeable predicament of being non-suited . He considered this as the greatest cause that ever was , or could be , agitated in an assembly of the civilized world . From the unfortunate proceedings that were had recourse to , we could neither derive security , satisfaction , nor honour . defended the expedition to Copenhagen , on the grounds of the evident intention of France to obtain possession of the Danish fleet , and the inability of Denmark , as well as her disinclination , to resist ; nor did he see on what grounds noble lords on the other side could condemn the expedition to Copenhagen , without also condemning the expedition to Constantinople , and the Instructions alleged to have been issued to a squadron sent to the Tagus . The noble and learned lord who spoke last had compared together the Treaty of Pilnitz and the Treaty of Tilsit ; the former , it had been formerly stated by a noble lord ( Grenville ) on the other side , then in office , had no existence ; could it for a moment be contended that the Treaty of Tilsit had no existence ? [ Lord Erskine said across the house , he meant the secret articles . ] The secret articles were also clearly established . With respect to the offer of Russia to