the prerogative he could not view as an infringement 1045 of it ; nor could it be fairly supposed that the measure was unacceptable to the crown . It must be remembered by all their lordships , that in the last session of parliament it was recommended by his majesty , in the speech delivered by the commissioners , that both houses of parliament should pay an early attention to the best means of introducing economy into the public expenditure . The recommendation proceeded , no doubt , from the address of the house of commons to his majesty , praying that his majesty would not in future grant any places in reversion . Here then it appeared that the measure , as proposed by the other house , was a part of a system of economy which the present situation of the country seemed justly to call for ; and that , as such , it was recommended from the throne . How then could noble lords object to the bill in toto , as an infringement on the prerogative ? If it was intended to make it a permanent legislative measure , he should object to it also ; and look upon it be , in some measure , an encroachment on the usage of the prerogative . But the reason , as he already stated , for the bill going into a committee , was , that in the committee he expected its duration would be limited . He did not expect any great saving would be made by it to the public ; nor would he allow it to be a permanent legislative measure ; but he was anxious it should be fairly entertained out of respect to the opinion of the other house , and to the recommendation that opinion had received . from the throne . He did not conceive that any inconsistency would be imputed to him on account of any difference in the opinion he had expressed of this measure , when it had in a former session been before the house . His opinion was then , as it was now , guided by the same principle and the same spirit ; and under that impression , he should vote for committing the bill . argued , with great warmth , against the bill . It was not only an infringement of the prerogative , but an encroachment on the privileges of that house . The increasing influence of the crown was a topic which , in all times , it had been fashionable to dwell upon . Since Mr. Burke 's famous bill , he would , however , contend that the influence of the crown had been . diminished rather than increased . Since that period , the commercial wealth of the country had very considerably augmented ; and , with it , the price of land had also risen . So that , 1046 upon due consideration , it would appear that the influence of the other orders of the community had increased , while that of the crown remained stationary , or , in comparison , seemed to decrease . The , form and manner in which the bill was brought in , had also much in it to alarm their lordships : it appeared to him in the shape of a threat , or as the commencement of measures the consequence of which we might too late deplore . He agreed with his noble friend ( lord Arden ) in representing it as one that might remind their lordships of the year 1641 , and of the calamities that ensued . He could see nothing to fear in the influence of the crown ; it was no more than it ought to be for the Maintenance of its own dignity , and for the security of the privileges of that house , with which the security and authority of the throne were so nearly connected . As in other things , the terrors of the influence of the crown continued after the cause of these terrors had long ceased . There was nothing now in that