acted upon by the late ministers . The decree of Buonaparte declared the British islands in a state of blockade , and subjected British property to confiscation . This was certainly , as far as regarded the blockade , a vain and empty boast . The noble lord stated , on the misconceived authority of his learned friend ( sir Wm . Scott ) , that a declaration of blockade , if not followed up by an actual blockade , was of no force in law . That might be the case with respect to a single port ; but when a whole country was declared in a state of blockade , the inability to enforce that blockade in its full extent , proved that the declaration was intended to lay a ground for the infliction of the consequent penalties . The French decrees alledged as the ground on which they proceeded , the fact of our declaring and considering as blockaded , ports before which there was not a single Birtish ship of war , and on the extension of that principle they declared our whole empire to be blockaded . Not a step was taken on our part to counteract this principle , till it was acted upon and enforced by the enemy . The noble lord had no authority to bear him out . If the noble lord was prepared to contend , that the enemy 's decree did not admit the meaning his majesty 's ministers affixed to it , what did it mean ? But when they saw how it was was worded and executed , it was too much to contend , that unless the decree for blockading the British islands was supported by a blockading force , encircling these islands , so as to make the approach to any port of them hazardous , it was not to be regarded as of force . France asserting , that we put ports in a state of blockade without a blockading force , and assuming the right of opposing an enemy with every art and every weapon he used , published the blockade of the whole British islands . What was to be inferred from this , but that , without ships to render 323 the approach to our coasts hazardous , the enemy would assume the right to detain vessels approaching them , whenever he could catch them . All trade in English goods was prohibited , and all such goods , wherever found , were declared lawful prize . But the noble lord said , this was of no moment , as the internal execution of the Decree in France , was all that was intended . It was rather singular , however , that the first news of the publication of the Decree at Berlin , reached this country with an account of its having been rigorously enforced at Hamburgh—Hamburgh then , as the noble lord hinted across the table , under the power of France , but reduced under that power for the express purpose of enforcing the extreme rigour of this Decree against British commerce and British goods . The sanctity of every neutral flag was , forsooth , to be most ceremoniously respected at sea ; and every right and every principle of neutral territory was to be invaded and violated by land . The distinction of the noble lord was the more extraordinary , as the rigour of the terms of the Decree seemed to apply more to property at sea ; and the execution was so rigorously enforced on land , where it might have been supposed not intended to be enforced at all . Let the house recollect the French minister Bourienne 's declaration at Hamburgh , that all who carried on trade with England supported England ; that it was on that account the French were compelled , however reluctantly , to take possession of Hamburgh ; that all English goods must be produced by the Hamburghers for the purpose of being confiscated , and that in 48 hours , domiciliary visits would be paid , and military punishments inflicted on the disobedient . Was