prudence of exercising it . The learned judge then proceeded to apply the general doctrine that he had laid down , to the present situation of this country , in relation to France and the other powers of Europe . He shewed that the French decree was intended to cut us off from all communication with the other European states ; that it had been acted upon ; that the interpretation of M. Decres was wholly . unauthorized ; that this exposition stood formally . contradicted by decree of the supreme court of prizes at Paris ; and that if there were any exceptions made to its general operation , those exceptions would only prove , that the government of France now was , what it had been always , even in its best times , fluctuating Arid capricious . He further contended , that even if it was not acted upon , which rested with the other party to prove , it was nevertheless an injury , because it was an insult to the country ; which , in the opinion of an eminent person now no more ( Mr. fox ) , me 1067 rited more to be chastised than any other species of injury whatever . As to the pleasure . of the Orders . in Council , he asserted that it was merely following up the principle which had been adopted in the Order in Council of Jan. 1807 , and founded upon the doctrine which had been so ably maintained in the note of lord Howick to Mr. Rist ; and even though the authors of these official papers chose to disclaim them , still he would .maintain the tenets which they set forth . Upon the morality of the measure , therefore , there was . no doubt . The question of its policy was more complex , and of its effects it was impossible to speak with certainty . He should lament exceedingly , if it should have the effect of producing any irritation in the American government . But he hoped , that they would , not only look to the act , but to the causes of the act , and that it would be viewed not as a measure of hostility against America , but against France . The present bill had his most decided support . entered into an extensive view of what was the law of nations , as expressed by the best writers on that subject , and , as it was to be deduced from the uniform practice , not only of this country , but also of France , Spain , Holland , Sweden , and other countries , from these earliest period . From these authorities . he shewed , that the Orders of the 7th of Jan. were justified by the established usage and avowed concurrence of all civilised nations , on the principle that one belligerent had an undoubted right to prevent a neutral front lending herself to another belligerent for the purpose of carrying on her coasting trade . But , with respect to the Orders of the 11th of Nov. he maintained , that though they were professedly founded on a principle of retaliation , they mere not actually so founded ; as it was not what was expressed by ministers , an acquiescence in the orders of the enemy ( if such had been the fact ) , but an adherence to the cause of the enemy , which was the legitimate ground of measures of retaliation . asserted the necessity which called for the Orders in Council , a necessity , in his opinion , so imperious , that it would have justified measures even of a more extensive nature . argued , that the Orders were absurd , and incapable of being carried into execution . stated , that he had brought 1068 a Petition down to the house , which an informality alone had prevented him front presenting . It was from a number , of persons interested in the trade to America , and avowed their firm conviction , that the Orders in Council were