it was the intention to injure the manufactures of the enemy , upon the supposition that our own would thereby be benefited by ensuring to them a monopoly . It was , in this point of view , one of those visionary measures , some of which had been already before the house , and which could only tend to the injury instead of the benefit of our manufactures . 1348 If the cotton-manufactures of the enemy were destroyed , what would then be the consequence ? All cotton goods in the territories of the enemy must then immediately be known to be British , and instead of finding a sale , would meet with a prohibition . The variableness of taste was well known ; and if the cotton-manufactories of the enemy were destroyed , was there not reason to fear that taste might again vary , and some other articles be substituted for cotton ? It was a most mistaken policy to suppose , that by destroying competition we should destroy our own manufactures . The contrary was the truth ; manufactures thrived best by competition ; this was proved in the case of our exports to the United States , which , in the article of cotton goods , had become nearly double since America became a manufacturing country , of what they were before . He objected decidedly to the power vested in the crown of granting licences , as it went to make every merchant in the kingdom dependant upon the executive government : added to this was the inconvenience experienced by merchants at the out-ports in procuring licences . The noble earl had spoken of this power being properly exercised by three successive administrations , and had called for the same confidence . He did not distrust the noble earl , but he objected to the principle ; and if the argument of the noble earl went to any thing , it went to this , that every honest man ought to be entrusted with arbitrary power . So far from seeing this bill in the point of view in which it had been , placed by the noble earl , he thought it tended deeply to injure a most valuable and important branch of our manufacture . thought the ground urged by the noble earl in support of this bill fallacious , inasmuch as the market here would by the operation of the bill become glutted , the price of cotton would consequently fall , and thus the growers of it , particularly in our own colonies , would be seriously injured ; nor was it to be supposed that after that had taken place , any more cotton would be brought here , where the market was already over-stocked . supported the bill as a measure conducive to the interests of our manufactures , and as a check on the growing cotton-trade of the enemy . remarked , that the noble earl , at the head of the board of trade , had given up the present bill 1349 as a measure of warfare , and had considered it solely in relation to its effects on our commerce . In this view of the case , he considered it as an extremely dangerous principle , to allow to the government for the time being , the privilege of saying , what individual should be indulged in carrying on a trade and manufacture , and who should not . To compel ships laden with cotton to come into our ports , while the export of that article was prohibited , and while our manufactures could not procure a market , was improperly to reduce the price of the raw material . Our manufacturers might wish to procure cotton at a cheaper rate ; but they were at the same time aware of the impolicy of reducing the value of the raw commodity so much as to render it a matter of indifference to the grower of the article , whether he did or did not bring it to our market . in alluding to the power conferred on the government of granting licence