. This would be best ascertained by a retrospect of their acts , and those acts were so fully described in his majesty 's most gracious speech , that it appeared to him needless to recapitulate them . In the regret which his majesty expressed at having been compelled to adopt hostile measures against Denmark , the house would undoubtedly join ; but it would be a regret unmixed with reproach , it would even , be regret overpowered by feelings of gratitude to his majesty for his paternal care in rescuing the country from the most formidable danger to Which it had ever been exposed ; for , after the Treaty of Tilsit , after the subsequent conduct of Austria and of Denmark , it was impossible that any man could doubt of a combination of powers having been formed against us . Perhaps , among the various causes which had laid the continental states at the foot 39 of France , none had contributed more largely to produce that disastrous effect , than the facility with which those states admitted every violation of the law of nations , of which the enemy wished to avail himself . We alone had avoided becoming the victims of the credulity , the irresolution , and the delay , that had overwhelmed all other countries . God forbid that we should ever degenerate into an imitation of them ! He trusted that at such a crisis , encompassed as we were by external perils , we should never be cursed with the greatest of all evils , a timid and feeble government . High as the spirit , and extensive as the resources of the country were , its danger would indeed be imminent , were the administration of its affairs placed in the hands of men who , with their eyes open to the designs of the enemy , would be content to reply to his acts by arguments , or hesitate to act themselves from the apprehension of responsibility . Too long , indeed ; had that enemy been permitted to proceed in his career of violence to neutral powers for the aggrandizement of his own . That the expedition to . Copenhagen was most important and most critical , every one must have felt when its termination was in suspense ; every one must now feel that it was most wise . Its criterion was its success . With respect to the evils by which it was accompanied , every effort had been made to avert , and subsequently , to mitigate them . He challenged the annals of Europe to produce an instance of a warlike enterprise , in which so much entreaty had been resorted to before success , and SO much forbearance manifested after it . What his majesty 's ministers had planned with decision , they carried into effect with a force which could leave the Danes no hope of triumphing in a contest ; and he confessed , he could no more consider the Danish government as justified in sacrificing the lives of so many gallant men in a hopeless resistance , than he could admire the heroism of the prince , who , himself escaping from the dangers by which he was environed , coolly devoted his capital to destruction , and its inhabitants to slaughter.—The conduct of the Russian government was another proof , that on ourselves we must depend for our security , and even for our existence . This last lesson that we had received , was , surely , the last lesson we could require to prove to us , that however ready we might be to co-operate 40 with the nations of Europe in the cause of Europe , to our own cause , to ourselves alone we must look . Accustomed as we had lately been to witness extraordinary events , he could not avoid expressing the astonishment which he felt to see the emperor of Russia , the champion of the continent , secured by his situation from the fate which had overtaken other countries , voluntarily put the last band to the degradation of the