the courts.—My lords , I have but one thing more to add on this part of the case , and that is to press upon your lordships the palpable absurdity of permitting the exercise of the war prerogative to be an exception to the operation of the statutes , supposing my construction of them should appear to your lordships to be in other respects just ; because , to argue for an universal dispensing prerogative in the king , or rather a non-application of the statutes to a time of war , by reason of the king 's prerogative in war , the same absurdity would follow as to argue that , during war , the king can alter the law of nations ; because the protection given to merchant strangers , by the statutes , having no kind of application but when we are at peace with some nations and at war with others , ( since in a state of universal peace no protection is wanted ) the exercise of such a war prerogative would not be an exception , but the total annihilation of the rule . If these statutes then , my lords , apply to protect merchant strangers in amity , in time of war with other nations , and if the king 's war prerogative can not dispense with such protection , nothing remains but to examine 966 whether the provisions of these Orders in Council be repugnant to the statutes.—My lords , their repugnancy to them is self-evident . I have been , indeed , astonished to hear it repeatedly asserted , that the Orders in Council 'do not compel any American vessel to come into England , ' and that all regulations , therefore , imposed upon them here , are only indulgencies introduced if they come here spontaneously . Let us try the truth of this proposition , as it applies to American vessels sailing before notice of the Orders . My lords , the express letter of the king 's instructions to his officers , reciting the Order in Council to the same effect , directs them to warn vessels bound to the interdicted ports , not merely to discontinue their voyages , but to go to England , or Gibraltar , or Malta ! What matters it , then , though the confiscation does not follow upon disobedience of such warning ; for how could any master of a vessel possibly know that such consequence was not to follow ? How could any such master , when warned by officers of rank and distinction , venture to risk the property of his owners by refusing to comply with their directions ? But , passing to the permanent part of the Orders , after the times in the notices have expired , can it possibly be said that they do not directly compel vessels to come to England ? Is it not adding insult to injury to say to America that her shipping is not compelled to come into our ports , since they may return back again ? Let me suppose that his majesty had been advised , whilst I was a practiser at the bar , to issue a proclamation that no barrister should go into Westminster Hall without passing through a particular gate , at which a toll was to be levied on him : Should I have been told gravely that I was by no means compelled by such a proclamation to pass through it ? Should I have been told that I might go back again to my chambers with my briefs , and sleep there in my empty bag , if I liked it ? Would it be an answer to a market gardener in the neighbourhood of London , if compelled to pass a similar gate erected in every passage to Covent Garden , that he was by no means compelled to bring his greens to market , as he might stay at home with his family and starve ? —On the subject of tolls , however , let me do justice . Let me not forget the saving proviso which I hear