their discharge at the same period , seven years hence . It was also very material to consider how this principle , if exclusively acted upon , would affect our peace establishment . Supposing a peace establishment of 100,000 men , and 36,000 of these to be discharged in one year , and a war to follow in that year or the next , what would be the state of the country . He contended that the right hon . gent . 's measure would not cover its own waste , and that of the army in general . He maintained that the enlistment for life of those who , on having the option should prefer engaging for life , would not discourage others from engaging for years . He could not understand how good faith was violated , when no extension of an existing engagement for limited service was demanded or allowed , and when all that was intended was to allow a liberty of a larger engagement to those who were free and willing to make it . The right hon . gent . opposite might say , that though the ordinary recruiting under his measure was not equally productive as the ordinary recruiting before , combined with the Additional Force act , it was superior to the previous ordinary recruiting alone . Certainly so it was ; but then the Additional Force act was becoming every day more productive , when it was repealed . The ordinary recruiting was made more productive under the right hon . gent 's plan , by multiplying the number of recruiting parties beyond measure , and also by the threat of reduction hold out to the 54 additional battalions , unless they should complete their establishment to 400 men each before six months . One part only of the right hon . 984 gent . 's plan was not speculative , and that was the permanent burthen of 450,000l . a year which it imposed on the country , in the shape of additional pensions , an incumbrance which must increase continually . These reasons , he conceived , would be fully sufficient to satisfy the committee of the propriety of not depriving such men as were inclined , of a fair option to enlist for life . He therefore moved , that a clause be introduced allowing that option . spoke at considerable length against the clause , the substance of which he contended , was not only mischievous in itself , but also as it was intended to do away the system established two years since with the full approbation of the house , after long and deliberate consideration and mature discussion.—He objected to the mode in which that system was thus covertly undermined , by those who did not dare to make it the object of open attack . A clause of this kind was rejected in 1806 , because it went to counteract the general effect of the measure ; and a great part of the house had declared the same opinion since . He did not complain that this proceeding was brought forward in the shape of a Clause in the Mutiny Bill , but that it was brought forward in so late a stage , without any notice , and at a time when the Mutiny Bill must be passed with so little delay as to allow no adequate length of deliberation or discussion . It was only on this day se'nnight that an indistinct declaration of his intentions on this head was wrung from the noble lord by him ; and only last night that he had seen the noble lord 's motion in the form in which it was to be offered to the house . His measure had been , like the present , brought forward in the shape of a clause in the Mutiny Bill . But the nature of that measure had long before been detailed to the house , and the clause itself had been printed and circulated among the members , and repeatedly discussed , long before the house was called to decide upon it . The present