of the phrase . I have taken some pains to inform myself on the subject , and I think I can venture to assert that the true interpretation is , `` a pacification among all the powers at war , including England . '' The real meaning then of the prince de Stahremberg was the furtherance of the original offer made by Austria , namely to mediate for a pacification among all the powers at war , both with England and against her.—I have dwelt with some particularity upon the construction of this phrase , and I must further observe , that the word avec in French , and with in English as applied to war in the respective languages to which they belong , admit of equivocal interpretations ; ( in common parlance ) when you say , that one power is at war with another , you mean that one power is at war against another : but it is not uncommon to say , and it is sufficiently correct to say , for instance , that Russia is at war with Prussia against France , it would indeed be more correct at all times to say , England is at war against France , than to say England is at war with France . But if there could exist any doubt upon the interpretation of this phrase , why , before the right hon . secretary dwelt upon it in the manner Which he so injudiciously adopted in his answer to this note , did he not ask the prince de Stahremberg in a private communication , what the real meaning and intention of Austria was ? Instead of that , giving his own interpretation ( and that as I contend a wrong one ) to the phrase in question , he builds upon it the most offensive paragraph of his offensive answer . But in my view of the matter , it is most material as to the future , that it should be impressed upon the mind of the house , and upon the public , that such was the offer of Austria , and such the intention of France , because it will strengthen the main argument , that it is possible still to negociate with France upon the footing of equality , and that the French government hitherto has not manifested any design , that England in any negociation that may be entered into with her , should be placed on a footing of inequality with respect to France.—Sir , I pass on to the Answer signed by Mr. Canning , upon which I must dwell in detail . 830 It is conceived in any thing rather than the spirit of conciliation and wisdom . It is rude , petulant , full of point and cavil , laying down no principle upon which great statesment ought to act : dwelling upon those particularities , and insisting upon those conditions , which England ought to have put entirely out of the question , and going out of the way for the purpose of behaving in a manner offensive and uncivil towards the prince de Stahremberg himself . In the second paragraph , ( the first being merely a paragraph of formality ) , Mr. Canning says , ( p. 106 , ) `` that the prince de Stahremberg has omitted to explain , from whom he has received his commission to propose sending plenipotentiaries to Paris , whether from the Austrian minister , or from the government of France ; '' such explanation was wholly unnecessary , he certainly had produced no powers from France , but he professed not to be the accredited agent of France , nor indeed to be the agent of France in any way ; he told you that he acted under the orders of his government ; and , in so acting `` conformed to the desire of the court of the Thuilleries . '' He had his credentials from Austria , they were in your hands , he was therefore the minister of Austria only ; from Austria alone he had received his powers ; you could