difference of opinion should then appear to exist , as would lead to a protracted discussion , that discussion might be postponed . stated , that it was essentially necessary that a Message of this nature should be referred to the committee of supply , and it was a customary mark of respect to the sovereign , to make that reference at as early a period as possible.—The Message was then referred to a committee of supply . shortly after presented to the house by his majesty 's command , a Copy of the Convention between his majesty and the king of Sweden : viz . CONVENTION BETWEEN HIS MAJESTY AND THE KING OF SWEDEN , signed at Stockholm on the 18th of February , 1808. `` The consequences of the Treaty of Tilsit between Russia and France unfolding themselves more and more in such a manner as to threaten Sweden with a speedy invasion , for the purpose of forcing her to accede to the French system ; and his Swedish majesty finding himself therefore under the necessity of bringing forward , to resist its effects , a greater force than he has at his ordinary disposal , his Britannic majesty , animated with the constant desire of contributing to the defence and security of his ally , and of supporting him by every means in a war undertaken for the mutual interests of both states , has determined to give to his Swedish majesty an immediate aid in money , as being the most prompt and efficacious , to be paid from time to time at fixed periods ; and their majesties having judged it expedient , that a formal Convention with regard to their reciprocal intentions in this respect , should be concluded , they have , for this purpose , named and authorised their respective plenipotentiaries ; that is to say.—In the name and on the part of his majesty the king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , Edward Thornton , esq . his envoy extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to his majesty the king of Sweden ; and in the name and on the part of his majesty 1055 the king of Sweden , the Baron d'Ehrenheim , president of his chancery , and commander of his order of the polar star , who , after having communicated to each other their respective full powers , have agreed upon the following articles : —Art . 1 . His majesty the king of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , engages that there shall be paid to his majesty the king of Sweden , the sum of 1,200,000l . in equal instalments of 100,000l . sterling each per month , beginning with the month of January of the present year inclusively , and to continue successively in the course of each month , the first of which instalments shall be paid on the ratification of the present convention by his Swedish majesty . H. His majesty the king of Sweden , engages on his part to employ the said sum in putting into motion and keeping on a respectable establishment , all his land forces , and such part as shall be necessary of his fleets , and particularly his flotilla , in order to oppose the most effectual resistance to the common enemies . III . Their said majesties moreover engage to conclude no peace or truce , or convention of neutrality with the enemy , but in concert and by mutual agreement . IV . The present Convention shall be ratified by the two high contracting parties , and its ratifications shall be exchanged at London within the space of six weeks after the signature of the said Convention , or sooner if it can be done . In faith whereof , we the undersigned plenipotentiaries of their said majesties , have signed the present Convention , and have caused the seal of our arms to he affixed thereto . Done at Stockholm , the 8th of Feb. in the year of redemption , 1808 . EDW . THORNTON . F. EHRENREIM . Separate Article.—The two high contracting parties