informed , was now under the consideration of high legal authority . stated , that he alluded to three distinct charges , namely , robbery , rape and murder . said , that it would have been much less grating to the feelings of the noble lord , whose name had been mentioned , and it would give him a fairer opportunity of instructing some member of that house , as to the particulars , so that he might be able to speak in his behalf , if it was made the subject of a specific motion , of which notice should he previously given . As to the case which the hon . member alluded to , there were some doubts as to a point of law , which was referred to the consideration of some of the highest legal authorities . then gave notice that he would , on an early day , bring the question before the house . stated , in corroboration of what had been said by the hon . bart . that the powers of the commander in chief were now under the consideration of the highest authority in the kingdom , and the inclination of opinion was , that they did not authorise the execution of the punishment . In a country governed by law , it could not be matter of surprise that when punishment could not be legally inflicted , the individuals , however morally guilty , should escape punishment . spoke in favour of the Or- 732 ders in Council , as consistent with the law of nations and the municipal law of the land , and consequently should give his support to the clause . proposed to take the sense of the committee on an amendment which he should move , for leaving out the words `` cotton wool , or yarn , '' after his hon . friend had taken the sense of the committee on the propriety of omitting the words `` Jesuits Bark . '' asserted , that the price of bark at Paris was , at present , what it had been stated to be by the chancellor of the exchequer , 70s . Per pound , and that there were unlimited orders at this moment in London , for any quantity of that article that could be supplied . observed , that gentlemen need not be so extremely tenacious of the provision , that was here alluded to ; for if only one ship laden with bark were to arrive safe , it would be sufficient for the whole continent . supported the principle of the Orders in Council , and the enforcement of these prohibitions , on the maxims of the law of nations , which authorised a belligerent to re-act upon its enemy the severity of its own means of annoyance . argued ably against the principle of the bill , as subversive of the essential interests of justice . He considered it nothing short of the most violent outrage , to arrogate a right of confiscation over an innocent neutral , although he had not violated the provisions of a blockade , or in any degree contravened the Orders this country had issued . Still such an effect did follow from the new system of ministers : and therefore he should take every opportunity of declaring his decided hostility to it.—The question being loudly called for , a division took place , first upon the amendment of Mr. Whitbread , relative to the prohibition of Jesuits Bark , when the numbers were—AyeS.78 ; Noes 165 ; Majority against the Amendment 87.— A second division then took place on Mr. Tierney 's amendment , relative to the prohibition of cotton yarn , & c. when the numbers were—Ayes 76 ; Noes 167 ; Majority against the amendment 91. observed , that some misapprehensions had existed with respect to sugar from the Brazils coming into competition with the sugar from our own colonies , in the home market , and thus injuring the West India interests . This , however , would be effectually prevented by the high duties imposed upon foreign sugar