to the policy of introducing that mode of trial into Scotland . He thought that the recommendation of that mode of trial in the bill was already rather too strong . was unwilling to enter into any discussion of the general merits of the bill , after the understanding of their lordships as to the proper time . Still , he could not assent to the changes which had taken place in the present bill , from that submitted to the house on a former occasion . It was intended , that the two chambers of the court of session should not sit at the same time . This he considered unnecessary , or rather improper , because , it was to be remembered , that the great proportion of business in actions in that court , was chiefly done in writing ; and , therefore , the time of the judges , whose presence daily was not wanting , would be much better employed in reading the pleadings on the various causes upon which they would be subsequently called upon to pronounce judgment . The noble lord thought there was not that necessity for caution and circumspection so much recommended . This measure had obtained the fullest investigation of almost every description of people in Scotland . It was debated ably and fully in that house ; and , therefore , as the evil of the present system was acknowledged , the reformation and remedy ought to be prompt and efficient . The bill was then read a second time . On the third reading of the bill prohibiting the exportation of Cotton , observed , that in consequence of the embargo in America , there had been some ground for apprehending that a sufficient supply of cotton would 1347 not be obtained for the , consumption of this country : there was , however , he was happy to state , no ground for alarm upon this subject ; there was a considerable stock on hand , and there was now every reason to believe , that a sufficient supply would be obtained , even supposing the embargo to be continued . The continent of Europe had been cut off , by recent events , from its supply of cotton ; and orders had actually been sent from Germany to procure cotton from Turkey , by land-carriage ; a species of cotton of an inferior quality , which the manufacturers here would not use . Under these circumstances , he thought there could be no doubt as to the policy of securing to ourselves a sufficient supply of this article , by prohibiting the export . If , however , there should be a surplus , licences would be granted to export it . With respect to the objection to the principle of licences , made by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) on a former night , he thought it inapplicable ; inasmuch as the trading under licence was sanctioned by various precedents , and by several acts of parliament in the last war as well as in the present . Three successive administrations , since the commencement of the present war , had exercised this power ; and he saw no reason why the same credit should not be given to the present administration as to the former ones , for its due exercise . The trading to the ports of the enemy was at all times illegal , except under licence from the king in council . The whole continent was at present our enemies , with the exception of Sweden and Sicily ; and as in these countries there were no cotton-manufactories , the export of cotton to them must be intended ultimately for the enemy . Under these circumstances , the extension of the prohibition to neutrals appeared to him perfectly justifiable , in order to prevent a great export to the continent of an article of which they stood so much in need , and thereby leave us without a sufficient supply . contended that the real ground upon which this bill had been sent to that house was , that