was proposed to Denmark , that her fleet in whatsoever condition it might be at the time , should be restored to her ; not on the conclusion of a Definitive Treaty of peace with France , but 3 years after the conclusion of such a treaty ! A proposal that could have been made only for the purpose of insulting the Danish court . How had his majesty 's ministers acted with regard to Zealand ? They stated the necessity of anticipating the views of France as the justification of their conduct . They had attacked Denmark because France entertained three projects : the 1st of shutting the Sound against Great Britain ; the second of excluding her manufactures from the Continent ; and the 3rd , of taking possession of the Danish 265 fleet . Now , unless , his majesty 's ministers had . reduced the power of Denmark so low , that she was not able to assist France ; they had secured to France the attainment of two of her objects ; for certainly after our entering Zealand , Denmark would shut the Sound , and exclude our manufacture ; from that part of the continent . By what ministers had done , they had provoked hostility without depriving of the power of revenge . If our army had been able to beat the Danes , as asserted the other evening by a noble lord , might we not have kept Zealand ? With the assistance of Sweden and of our own reinforcements , what chance would France and , Denmark , united , have had , to get back this important possession ? To abandon it was the height of weakness . But even if we had not kept Zealand , could we not have dismantled the arsenal and destroyed the docks ? could we not have blown up the Crown Batteries and Cronenberg Castle , and secure to ourselves the quiet passage of the Sound ? Why so shabby in our iniquities ? When we imitated the atrocities of the ruler of France , why not imitate the grandeur and magnitude of his designs ? Would Bonaparte , under similar circumstances , have given up Zealand ? The conduct of ministers showed how weak it was to do ill by halves . If it was necessary to attack Denmark at all , then it was their duty to render her as inefficient as possible . The same motives that justified the one would justify the other . He presumed it was not want of will in the right hon . gentlemen opposite , but want of knowledge . He trusted at least that they would not talk of scruples , or morality , or law ; these according to the modern tenets , were considerations fit only for fools and philosophers , not for statesmen . Would they venture to contend , that it was no disadvantage to G. Britain to have the Sound shot against her commerce , to have Zealand created , what it certainly would be , a strong depository of force against her arms ? Having begun the work of destruction , they neglected their duty by not completing it . Let them not say that he gave counsel so atrocious , so monstrous , that their delicacy and sensibility would not allow them to accept it . They had affected to look with great anxiety to the next spring , and had congratulated themselves that by the seizure of the Danish fleet , that anxiety was relieved . But what would they do in . all succeeding springs ? 266 Were they disposed to put Ireland in a state of greater contentment than that in which she was at present ? If not , why leave Denmark so much power ? Haying alienated Denmark from England , France would construct in Copenhagen fleets much faster , better and cheaper , than in any other port of Europe . His majesty 's ministers had expressed great solicitude for Sweden . A subsidiary treaty with Sweden was soon to be laid on the table of the house . France had