declared to be illegal . There are also several other statutes to the same effect , both antecedent and subsequent , with which I need not fatigue your lordships ' attention , already , I am afraid , but too much exhausted.—My lords , I can not conceive how any possible construction can be put upon these statutes , more especially on the 28 Edw . iii . confirmed by that of Rd ii . except that the free trade of merchant strangers in amity can not be abridged , or controuled , or altered , without the authority of parliament . Indeed our history will furnish a strong confirmation to whoever will take the trouble to refer to it , that all the acts were passed to secure the infant commerce of the country from the interruptions which it must otherwise have suffered from the arbitrary ordinances of its princes , in the perpetual wars they were engaged in—But it may be said , that my argument upon these statutes proves too much . It may be asked , whether I mean to contend that when it is enacted by 28 Edw . iii . 'that no manner of ship fraught towards England or elsewhere , be compelled to come to any port of England , or to abide there against the will of the masters . ' It may be asked , ( I say , ) whether I mean to contend that the king can not , in time of war , compel merchant strangers to abide here by a general embargo ? My lords , I have already admitted the king 's power in that respect , with its just limitations , viz . upon temporary exigencies of state , but not by general or unlimited restraints , which must be enacted by parliament : this is expressly declared to be the law by lord Hale , in his Treatise De Portibus Maris . I may be asked further , whether , when the statute enacts that no manner of ship fraught to England , or elsewhere , shall be compelled to come into England , I mean to contend , that the king can not direct the navy to seize vessels of merchant strangers , though , in amity , entering blockaded : ports , or carrying on any other illegal traffic ? To such question I should answer , certainly no I mean no such thing ; because merchant strangers in amity are bound to observe the public laws of civilized states ; because , 965 when the statutes speak of their trade , and afford their protection to it , they mean , of course , to protect that trade only , which is sanctioned by the general law and customs of nations ; and because it could be no compulsion , properly speaking , upon a merchant stranger , to enforce upon him that rule which he is bound , by the municipal law and justice of his own country , to observe . From this admission , my lords , it may perhaps be argued that I am brought back to the mere question of the law of nations ; since , if it be admitted that the king , notwithstanding the statutes , may nevertheless extend his authority over merchant strangers to the full extent which the law of nations warrants ; and if it be also true that he can not alter the law of nations , merchant strangers would then be completely protected by that rule , and the statutes would be altogether useless . My lords , the answer to this objection is a very plain one : —Without the statutes the king could not violate the law of nations , so as to affect merchant strangers , except under evil and impeachable council ; yet still the rights of such merchants would be legally affected ; but , if their rights can be brought under the protection of the statutes , the Orders breaking in upon their trade would , in that case , be utterly null and void , and would be no rule to