and distinguished honour on every individual included in it ; allow me , sir , ( if I may judge from my own feelings ) to assure you and the house , that nothing can make a stronger impression on the mind of any one devoted to the service of his country , than to know that any act of duty , in which he may have had even an humble part has been thought worthy of the notice and approbation of this house . '' Major general Grosvenor then said , `` Mr. Speaker ; It is impossible to have communicated to me , in my place in this house , the high and distinguished honour , such as I hold the thanks of parliament to be , without exciting in my breast feelings and sensations such as I am unable to suppress . Sir , the proudest recompence , the most valuable remuneration , a soldier can look to as a reward for public service , is the thanks of his country . When I consider my own humble services , I feel oppressed and overcome as it were by the value I can not but attach to the communication you make me ; and the more open , sir , to this feeling , impressed as I am with the handsome and flattering manner in which you have been pleased to convey the vote of the house to my brother officers and myself . '' Major general sir Arthur Wellesley said ; `` Mr. Speaker ; I consider myself fortunate that I was employed by his majesty on a service which this house has considered of such importance , as to have marked with its approbation the conduct of those officers and troops who have performed it . The honour which this house has conferred upon my honourable friends and myself , is justly considered by the officers of the navy and army as the highest which this country can confer ; it is the object of the ambition of all who are employed in his majesty 's service , and to obtain it has doubtless been the motive 193 of many of those acts of Valour and good conduct which have tended so eminently to the glory , and have advanced the prosperity and advantage of , this country . I can assure the house , that I am most sensible of the great honour which they have done me , and I beg leave to take this opportunity of returning you , sir , my thanks for the handsome terms , respecting myself , in which your kindness to me has induced you to convey the resolution of the house . '' Captain sir Home Popham being conic to the house , the Speaker acquainted him , that the house had , upon Thursday last , resolved , That the Thanks of this house be given to him for his cordial and effectual co-operation with the land forces during the siege of Copenhagen , and for his indefatigable activity and exertions in equipping the Danish navy for sea , and effecting the embarkation and removal of the naval stores from the arsenal at that place . The Speaker then gave him the thanks of the house accordingly , as follows : `` Captain sir Home Popham ; The prompt and able distribution of his majesty 's fleet , during the late important expedition to the Baltic ; the zeal and intelligence displayed by his majesty 's naval forces in supporting the operations of the besieging army ; and their subsequent exertions on compleating the service upon which they were employed ; have obtained the approbation and thanks of this house . Amongst the gallant officers of that fleet , whose names have been honoured with this high distinction , I have to congratulate you , that yours also stands recorded . And I do now accordingly , by the command of this house , give their Thanks to you , `` for your cordial and effectual co-operation with his majesty 's land forces during the siege of Copenhagen ; and for your indefatigable activity ands