of one of the most splendid effusions of eloquence which he had ever poured forth in that house , gave first a general history of the measures of government as far as respected their efforts to obtain peace , and , as a proof of their pacific disposition , did take from his pocket an extract of a dispatch written five years before to the Court of St. Petersburgh , and read it in his place . What was the conduct of Mr. Fox on that occasion ? Did he complain that Mr. Pitt violated the duties of his office , and broke in upon the forms of parliament ? No : he said that he had never before heard of the application to the court of St. Petersburgh , and that he highly approved of the tone in which the document was written . There was no insinuation here of garbled extracts , for partial purposes . So much for one of the hon . gent . 's instances . But it was not on that occasion only that an extract was read . It occurred in twenty debates during the last war . It might be proper , perhaps , for the hon . gent . to endeavour to draw down the indignation of the house upon him by way of 'experimentum in corpore vili ; ' and to check a system of which he was not the beginning but the end . He would give the hon . gent . another instance . It was no later than the last year that lord Howick came down to that house , and read , in angry debate , an extract of a letter from a noble friend of his ( lord Castlereagh ) to lord Cathcart . This letter was taken from among the papers which the hon . gent . was so anxious to impress on the house were state property , and could not be applied , without a gross breach of duty , to private purposes . And yet it was in favour of this noble lord that all these whimpering complaints were made . He was not yet at the end of his instances . In 1804 , when Mr. Pitt moved an enquiry into the conduct of the Board of Admiralty , he could recollect , that a right hon . gent . now in his eye ( Mr. Tierney ) who was not a cabinet minister , came forward and read masses of papers , which never would have come into his possession , in consequence of having any official controul over them . He could also recollect that a great constitutional lawyer ( Mr. Adam ) upon a motion respecting the grant of a pension to a Scotch judge , did rise in his place and read a long extract from a letter , for the purpose of fixing upon the duke of Portland the stigma of 908 that transaction . A noble friend of his ( the marquis of Titchfield ) immediately went to Burlington house , and returned before the debate was concluded , with a flat negative to the hon . gent . 's assertion . What did he think of this instance ? As to the motions which were rejected on the 3d Feb. not one of them would have brought the letter to which the hon . gent . alluded before the house . That on the 8th certainly would , and that he rejected not on account of the public mischief likely to arise from its production : he refused it , because it was demanded upon a false assumption , namely , that of his having made a charge against lord Howick . He afterwards granted it in his own exculpation , to prove that the extract he read was supported by the context.—He would say a few words , with permission of the house , upon the Resolutions as they applied to him . It was not for him to state what would have been the course for the hon . gent . to have pursued ; but he could not help thinking