to put in force the measure which they had promulgated , they had no right to accuse his majesty 's present ministers of precipitation.—He trusted he had satisfied the house , that the principle of these Orders in Council was completely justified by the law of nations , and that , as measures of war , they were also constitutionally justifiable , having been taken by the head of the executive government in the due exercise of his royal prerogative.—But the noble lord also contended , that these Orders were and a violation of Magna Charta , and the statutes of Edward III . His answer rested on the same grounds as to the former objections ; —they were measures of war which the king was entitled by prerogative to take , and 327 with which it was never intended that those statutes should interfere . The king would not be justifiable in taking such measures for financial , for commercial , or for political expediency only . This interference with neutral property , had necessarily been the practice of all former wars , or how could any blockade have been effected ? By every blockade we had interfered with neutral powers , since we had threatened the ships of neutral nations in the port blockaded with confiscation , if they attempted to quit it . If his Majesty 's present ministers had violated the statutes of Edw . III . and particularly the 28th of Edw . III . to which the noble lord called his attention with so much emphasis , no less had they been violated by the noble lord and his friends . But , the fact was , by neither party had they been violated , for they related to a state of peace and not of war . With respect to the steps taken in consequence of the French Certificates of Origin , signed by a French consul , and given to neutral vessels , for the purpose of preventing their seizure by French cruisers ; if by accepting these certificates neutrals gave effect to the measures of France , we had undoubtedly a right to retaliate . As to any interference which the Orders in Council might have with the navigation laws , he wished that subject to be distinctly argued ; but not on that night . Considering the extent of those laws , it was not impossible but some part of them might , have been infringed . But if they were interfered with , it was only , as they frequently had been before , in instances in which parliament sometimes thought indemnity necessary for the measures that had been adopted , and sometimes recognized the legality of those measures . Even had he been aware , when those Orders were originally issued , that they violated some of the provisions of the navigation , laws , that would not have withheld him from their adoption.—Another topic on which the noble lord had declaimed was , that by these Orders we had violated our Treaty with America . Was that to be called a treaty which was not ratified—which was returned to this country , with a declaration that unless additional concessions on our part were introduced into it , it would not be ratified ? Were we bound to adhere to the stipulations of this Treaty ere it was concluded , and while it was sailing backwards and forwards , from one quarter of the globe to the other ? —In 328 imitation of the noble lord , he would say a few words , at present , on the policy of the Orders : What was the state of the two countries of G. Britain and France with respect to trade ? Previous to the issuing of Orders in Council , France enjoyed , by the assistance of neutrals , as great advantages of trade as we possessed with our triumphant navy . Our navy , indeed , as belligerent , was neutralized , and rendered useless by neutral ships carrying to France all that it was important for France to obtain . This had been the case