1134 lacks , and lord Wellesley put into execution the following article of the treaty : — If , contrary to the sincere intentions and exertions of the said nabob , the payment of the kists should fall into arrear , the said nabob Saadut Ally Khan engages and , promises that he will then give such security to the company for the discharge of the existing arrears , and the future regular payment of the kists , as shall be deemed satisfactory . ' The only security , which could be deemed satisfactory in a case of this description , was that which lord Cornwallis had suggested , and the court of directors had repeatedly approved , a territorial cession . Lord Wellesley demanded this security ; and , after a long struggle by the vizier to avoid it , he at length ceded to the company a territory producing a gross revenue of 1,35,00,000 , in payment of a net subsidy of 76,00,000 . To persons who are not acquainted with the enormous civil and military expenditure , in collecting the revenues under a Mussulman government , this amount of cession , in gross revenue , might appear exorbitant . It happened however , that a statement upon the table of this house casts considerable light upon this question.—From the statement , compiled by Mr. G. Johnstone , and entered at the end of the minutes of evidence on the Oude charge , it appears that the gross revenues of Oude amounted to 2,21,70,000 . From this gross revenue the vizier received into his treasury at Lucknow only 96,05,000 . After discharging the company 's subsidy of 76,00,000 , there remained a balance from the whole of his dominions of 20,05,000 : out of which he had to pay great part of his Oude civil establishment , a large portion of the Haggoory troops , repairs of forts , military stores , public buildings , besides contingent balances arising from calamities of season , or extraordinary disorders in the country . Mr. L. had no doubt , that these several items would completely absorb this balance , and leave the nabob without the means of defraying any additional force , even from the revenues of all his , dominions.—By the cession of one half of his territories , in lieu of every possible claim on the part of the company , he retained the other half free from all incumbrance , and was therefore , pecuniarily in a better situation than he was before he made this cession . In confirmation of this , reasoning , Mr. Lushington called the attention of the house to the evidence of 1135 the viziers own officer , major Ouseley , who had declared , in the presence of parliament , that 'the nabob is now happy and contented , eased of a burthen of a part of the country continually open to the Seiks and Mahrattas ; his splendor , furniture , and houses , in a state infinitely more magnificent then they were before ; for he has more opportunity of knowing what funds he can bestow on these things . ' Such was the description given by major Ouseley of the nabobs actual condition : and the house would readily perceive that it Was very different from that of a victim weighed down by oppression . Indeed , the conduct of the vizier , since that cession , had manifested an increased confidence , rather than any sense of injury or distrust of our government.—Mr . Lushington then proceeded to make some remarks upon the speech of an honourable member below him ( Mr. Johnstone ) who had asserted , that all the Concurring evidence before the house , confirming the disorder and decay of the leVenues of Oude , is not founded in truth ; and that those revenues are in a state of greater prosperity than the revenues of Bengal , or evert of the company 's most fertile district Benares . In illustration -of this assertion , the hon . member had read a statement , carefully prepared , of the number of square miles in