any considerable proportion of it , that at no period the experiment of negociation has been carried to the utmost ; and that in the two last instances , it was not the perverseness of France , but the folly of England , which prevented our entering into negociation , I shall have effected a great deal , because I shall have persuaded the house , or such persons in it upon whom my arguments may have made any impression , that they ought not to cast away all hope of peace , and that it is not necessary to stifle all desire of it . My opinion is now what it has been from the commencement of the first revolutionary war : peace has been all along essential to the interests , it is now more than at any preceding period necessary to the salvation of the country . I deny the insane proposition , that peace is more dangerous than war . I will not assert that , with peace we can insure safety , but I am convinced that in everlasting war we must find our ruin . A rapid review of our internal situation , and even a repetition of the name of our sister kingdom , and the catalogue of our foreign dependencies , will too clearly establish that proposition . Look at the petitions upon your table , and read what they contain . Look at Ireland , at India , and your possessions in the West Indies ; and , having done so , ask yourselves whether a continuation of the war must not bring the greatest calamities upon the 840 country , unless you can effect a firm and general conviction that it is the ambition and injustice of France alone , which prevents the accomplishment of peace . But it is necessary that a negociation very different from any of the preceding ones , should be entered into , for the purpose for ascertaining that fact.— Sir , I believe there are many who have such a horror of peace with France that they would be inclined to vote with me upon the third proposition , which I shall submit to the consideration of the house , upon the expediency of making a direct overture for negociation with France , if they could be convinced that that overture would terminate unsuccessfully , after the example of Mr. Dundas , who told the house of commons , that in the failure of the negociation at Lisle and Paris , the country had had two great escapes . Such is the hatred of some towards France , such the infatuation of others , and such the controul of interest , as I fear , over many , that for these different reasons desiring a prolongation of the war , they would wish to throw the whole blame upon France , and they would be glad to enter into a mock negociation for that purpose . Such certainly is not my view of the subject . I wish to enter into a negociation not only for the purpose of ascertaining the sincerity of France , but in the hope , nay even in the expectation of being able to procure peace , upon honourable and equitable terms . Sir , it has been said by some , that a peace of security would content them ; and that for the present all idea of our honour must be out of the question . I am of a very different opinion . I certainly would not consent to any peace , in which the honour of the country was not consulted . As to security , when can it ever be obtained ? The volumes of treaties , with which our libraries are loaded , show that peace has seldom been maintained between contracting parties , whenever it became the interests of either the one or the other power to break the contract . With the power of France , so enormous as it now confessedly is , when can you say that you are secure in peace ? If you wait until you can