practice of partial extract and comment , which probably no other man besides himself would have had recourse to . In the course of the last war , lord Melville , then a member of that house , and high in office , had set the example of a similar practice ; but he well remembered that the practice had then been reprobated as unfair , as derogating from the dignity of the house , and as calculated to produce an impression , in most cases , totally different from that which the papers given at full length would bear . He would do Mr. Pitt the justice to say , that he had never descended to such a practice . The right hon . gent . should recollect the situation of high trust and responsibility which he held , and that it was most unbecoming that situation to put any thing like a false gloss on the written opinions of his predecessors in office . He had the authority of his noble friend ( earl Grey ) 386 to declare , that he felt injured by the partial extracts and comments which he had made from the dispatches which he had sent to our envoy at the Danish Court . These extracts , he was convinced , would not have been read , had that noble lord continued a member of that house ; or , if they had , the meaning affixed to them would have been flatly contradicted . There were gestures which would throw an air of ridicule on the most serious matters , and what was stated only hypothetically might be so read as if absolutely true , thus giving a totally different complection to what would result from the perusal of the whole . These were the acts which the right hon . secretary had had recourse to . He had also followed a similar method with regard to some dispatches of lord Hutchinson , and of Mr. Garlicke , the British envoy at the court of Denmark , selecting detached passages from their correspondence , and making them say , in fact , what he pleased . These two noble lords , however , had the opportunity of explaining their own meaning , and of refuting that interpretation which was put upon their words , while Mr. Garlicke was so situated , that it was not possible he could obtain that redress to which he was justly entitled . He also conceived that the partial extracts which had been made tended to calumniate the Crown Prince of Denmark , in as far as they represented him as desirous of putting an end to his neutrality ; for , from all that he had heard and known of the conduct of that prince , he believed it to be his wish to remain perfectly neutral . On some occasions , when it served his purpose , the right hon . secretary had urged the great inconvenience of producing diplomatic papers ; but he had not found it inconvenient to make such partial extracts from papers in his possession , as might enable him to attain his purpose , of gaining a vote of the house , even though such extracts gave a totally different colour to that which the papers not thus garbled would have had . If the right hon . secretary had given a false impression , as he contended that he had , by his partial quotations , he had neither done his duty to the public , to those persons connected with the late administration , nor to the much-injured Danes ; for he should always view them in that light . There was one way of doing justice , however , and only one , and that was , to lay before the public the dispatches from which he had made such garbled quotations , At the same 387 time , while he demanded this act of-justice , he was authorized by his noble relative to declare , that he would rather he contented to suffer in his character and feelings than that the public service should be injured