of speaking thus early , because it gave him 861 pain to find another topic wholly omitted . Session after session the house had been occupied with discussing the best means of calling forth the internal military defence of the country . How could we talk of making and maintaining peace with France without such measures ? Were all those ideas on which these discussions proceeded gone by ? He then paid some compliments to the industry and attention to business of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) . He hoped his mind was exercised on that subject , and that the house would shortly hear more from him on that important topic . The country must place its security on its means of defence , and then , after peace , repose upon its strength . He alluded to the shortness of the interval between the peace of Amiens and the renewal of hostilities , which he admitted to proceed from faults on both sides . Could we doubt that in peace France would increase greatly her marine , when there would be no interruption to her receiving naval stores ? It should never be forgotten that this great country ought not to be contented with not being conquered : it must not be suffered even to be endangered . We might yet have to contend upon British ground : and there was no way of procuring a certain peace , but by maintaining a strong and secure internal defensive force . He wished to restore the blessings of peace ; and he conjured the house and the country to submit to measures of a trying and difficult nature , in order to insure that blessing . It was a subject near to his heart . When he considered the turn of the debate , he might be led to suppose that the great military power of France , instead of having conquered the continent , had been itself defeated . He did not fear our safety , if we adopted efficient measures . Defensive war was comparatively easy ; and a great , rich , brave , loyal , and free country , like this , never could be conquered , unless by its own neglect . Let us prepare for peace with safety . He would not hamper himself with declarations ; but he was a friend to peace , and would earnestly desire it , whenever it could be obtained with safety , and maintained with security . expressed his surprise that his hon . colleague should have resorted to so strange an argument against the proposition of the hon . mover as that he had just alluded to ; as if it was the business of gentlemen on that side of the house to propose measures for the defence of the 862 country , or to spew that it was in a proper state of defence , He completely agreed with the hon . mover in the two first resolutions , satisfied as he was that ministers deserved censure for their conduct in slighting the Russian and Austrian mediation . He could not , however , go the length of the third resolution , not being satisfied that there was yet ground to address his majesty to remove his ministers as being disinclined to peace , which he was of opinion must necessarily accompany the third resolution of his hon . friend . expressed considerable regret that he should be under the necessity of differing from many of those valuable friends , with whom he was in the constant habit of acting and voting ; yet , feeling so forcibly as he did , that some attempts ought to be made to obtain peace at this period , he could not do otherwise than support the whole motion of his hon . friend . The first and second resolutions he must support , because , in his opinion , ministers had shown the most extraordinary disregard to the real welfare and interests of this country , in so rashly rejecting the two opportunities they had of entering upon negociation through the several channels of