and he was determined that England should fall , it was necessary that commerce should fall also . '' But , he did not stop there ; he added , `` that he would make others co-operate with him , '' and then adverting to this mighty neutral , this powerful independent state , he said , `` let that little Prince take care , or I shall teach him how to act . '' This was not a private communication , but a statement in a conference which had since been published . What was it that Buonaparte was to teach the Crown Prince of Denmark , to whom he directed such an insulting observation as no one individual could address to another without offence , except the manner of making his means subservient to the views of the French government ? When the French shut the Elbe and the Weser , the Danish government consented to the measure without a murmur , but remonstrated strongly against our blockade of those rivers , though the remonstrance was afterwards given up , when it was found that it would be injurious to their own commerce to press their objections to the measure . That it was not the determination of the Danish government to defend Holstein against the French , appeared evident from a variety of opinions , which he found recorded in his office . The right hon . gent . had called for Copies of Correspondence to shew what was the immediate intention of Denmark , but he must contend , that the concurrent opinions of several ministers at different times , and under similar circumstances , were more to be depended upon . as a ground of decision , than the opinion of any individual , however qualified he might be to form a correct judgment.—The night hon . secretary here read extracts from several dispatches from Mr. Garlicke , dated Copenhagen , Dec. 1806 , stating , that , after the French Decree of the 21st Nov. had been communicated to the Danish government , a demand was made that the Danish army 273 should be withdrawn from Holstein , that no English or Swedish troops should be allowed to enter the Danish territory , nor any measures taken demonstrative of distrust of France : that on receipt of this intelligence at Kiel , relays of horses had been provided , not for the advance , but to secure the retreat of the Crown Prince . He also read from a subsequent dispatch , dated 28th Dec. 1806 , that no preparations for defence had been made , nor any inclination shewn to resort to the aid of the natural allies of Denmark ; that several persons employed in the offices of state , though not in the highest department , acted in collusion with France , and were attached to the French interests ; that these persons would have considerable influence on the opinions respecting the defence of the country ; and that viewing the indolence of some , and the activity of others , at the Danish court , he ( Mr. Garlicke ) thought it his duty to state the truth , that then was reason to conclude , that when France was in an attitude to in-force her demand , she would insist upon the exclusion of British vessels from the ports of Denmark , and probably afterwards upon the surrender of the Dock Yards of Copenhagen ; and that it was therefore the more necessary for the British government to use every means of vigilance and precaution , to defeat the designs of the enemy in that quarter . These had been the opinions of that minister upon the policy and temper of the Danish government , and yet that was the power upon whose determination they were required implicit to rely . It would not be just for him in stating these facts , to withhold his tribute of applause from those who had preceded him in the office he had now the honour to fill , and who had met with firmness the remonstrances and demonstrations of , the