ignorance of the law , and with provisions which could not be carried into effect without great injustice and injury . His lordship went through the different clauses of the bill , for the purpose of shewing that they were wholly inadequate to their proposed object . A plaintiff was at present obliged to declare within two 1070 terms ; and as to arrest , it was , generally speaking , the best means of producing a payment or a composition of the debt , and did produce that effect in five cases out of six . The creditor was more frequently an object of compassion than the debtor , from the frauds practised on him . He was decidedly hostile to the bill , and thought it ought riot to go to a committee . combated the objection of innovation . To hold that every thing which fell from judge Hale must be correct , was rather paying too high a respect to the doctrines and opinion of that learned judge . If his lordship recollected well , judge Hale had been hostile to the repeal of the laws against witchcraft ; and indeed , the doctrine of the noble and learned lord went to this , that no alteration whatever , in our law or practice , ought to take place ; in fact , that their lordships and the other house ought not to meet for the purposes of legislation . He hoped as opinions of celebrated men were to be quoted , he might be allowed to notice the opinion of a justly celebrated man , and who in the latter years of his life , at least , could hardly be suspected of favouring innovations . That able and enlightened man was well known to have been peculiarly partial to the general principle of the measure now proposed by his-noble friend . Another great man , Dr. Johnson , had also expressed himself decidedly on this subject , and declared that imprisonment for debt ought not to be suffered , unless for the purpose of compelling a surrender of the debtor 's effects . As to the evils resulting from the present system , they were so numerous , and at the same time so apparent , that it was hardly necessary for him even to allude to them . One striking proof of the absurdity of the present law was to be found in the frequency of insolvent acts . If the legislature were not aware that there was something peculiarly offensive in continued imprisonment for debt , why should it pass these acts of insolvency ? All suspensions of any established law were to be reprobated , and it was infinitely preferable that the law should be at once repealed , than that it should be repeatedly violated . Surely , it would not be said that these insolvent acts were passed merely as a matter of convenience , and that-one set of persons were liberated solely for the purpose of making room for another . The number of persons at present confined for debt in the metropolis , was , stated as being by no means compa- 1071 ratively great . He begged it to be remarked , however , that the Thatched House society was not a national institution ; of course , any relief granted by them did not proceed from the benignity of our laws , which had thus provided a partial remedy for a great evil . It was calculated that this society liberated 700 persons annually , who , but for this institution , must have formed an addition to those at present confined for debt , and from the best computation his lordship could make , would increase that number to about 10,500 . His lordship did not pretend to be , by any means , so well qualified as his noble and learned friend , to judge what would be the best mode of giving effect to the measure now proposed ; he could not , however , abstain from expressing his surprise and concern that those noble and learned persons , whose peculiar province