the actual value , as that would interfere with the source of public profit upon Lotteries , he could not agree to his proposal , though he should be disposed to assent to any proposition , which would be calculated to diminish the evils arising from insurance , which had always been the source of the greatest mischief—The Committee was then appointed . My lords ; 1270 in pursuance of the notice I have previously given , I now rise to submit to this house certain Resolutions upon the general policy of those measures which his majesty 's ministers ' have thought proper to carry into execution against the rights of neutral and independent states . In discussing this momentous subject , both as to the application and effect of the measures adopted , I can safely assume , that under the designation of neutral countries , America stands the most prominent , if not the only nation against which the immediate operation of the Orders in Council is directed . In the many debates to which these Orders have given birth , it has been argued with considerable force by my noble friends near me , that the system pursued by the king 's ministers , since the 11th of Nov. last , was not only incompatible with that public law which hitherto regulated the conduct of civilised nations in their intercourse with each other , but was also repugnant to the municipal enactments of this country . Upon this part of the subject it is not now my intention to enlarge , for , allowing that to be true which I do not feel , namely , that the Orders in Council were justified by the law of nations ; allowing that in place of being hostile to the spirit and letter of our municipal code , they were to be defended by the provisions of positive statutes ; still I contend , that under the present circumstances of the world , and with a view to the nature of the relations existing between this country and the U . States of America , and , above all , as I reflect upon the dangerous consequences to which they will probably lead , still I contend , that upon their policy alone his majesty has been advised to adopt a course of proceeding vitally injurious to the best and most essential interests of G. Britain . It is with such an impression that I have felt it a most pressing duty to call upon this house to interpose . I call upon it to record its deliberate opinion upon the ruinous impolicy of the conduct pursued by his majesty 's ministers . Past experience has proved , that such an interference on the part . of the parliament of this country has heretofore stopped the career of injudicious violence , and preserved the country from the difficulties and dangers which the continuance in a course of policy similar to this must have inevitably intailed . We have not yet , fortunately , so far proceeded in this path of impropriety , as to be deprived of the power of retracting 1271 our steps We have not plunged so deep into this sea of troubles , that we may not yet be able to regain our course . We have not yet gone so far in this work of calamity , that the warning voice of this house might not still save us from impending ruin and absolute destruction . That rum and that destruction there was no more certain method of effecting , than by driving the people of America into hostility with G. Britain . And what other effect than this can the noble lords opposite expect ? Do they conceive that a great and independent nation , with rights and interests which it is her duty to protect , will quietly succumb to a course of proceeding which goes to interrupt the whole of her extensive commerce with the continent of Europe , and subject to imposts , to prohibitions , arid , in some cases , to confiscation , her shipping and cargoes . It