that they 1137 should be useless , but I dread their being dangerous . Unless some step is taken with regard to them , I should be almost as unwilling to leave them behind me , as I should he to leave a fortress of the enemy . The nabob is highly unpopular , and , of all his subjects , I believe he would least expect attachment from his army . '— 31st Oct.—'With respect to his troops , he ( the nabob ) at once , and repeatedly , declared , that we must not think of deriving the smallest assistance from them ; —that his army could not be depended on for any of their services . I ventured to ask , why he did not disband them ; to which he made no answer . The nabob seemed to be under considerable apprehensions with respect to the Rohillahs , who , he repeatedly said , he had no doubt would take up arms the moment they could think themselves sure of support , by the Shah 's approach . If it would be possible to ensure the Rohillahs ' crossing the river , and joining the Shah , much as the circumstance would weigh in the addition of strength that it would give him , the mischief would nevertheless be trifling , compared to that which they may cause by assembling in our rear , and ravaging these provinces . ' Such , sir , was sir James Craig 's opinion of the hon . members annual alarm : and who , that had ever read or heard of the murdering carnage which attended the former incursions into Hindostan , but must turn with horror from the recollection . Were the Afghans of the present day less ferocious , or less accustomed to the work of blood , than the Persians were at the periods alluded to ? or , was the brother who succeeded Zemaun Shah likely to be more merciful than his predecessor ? The passions of human nature were the same in all ages ; and when the government over them was precisely of the same description , they would be demonstrated by similar actions under similar temptations . And here , a passage from history , describing the effects of such barbarous invasions , occurs to his memory . Wherever the invaders marched , their route was marked with blood . They ravaged or destroyed all around them ; they made no distinction between what was sacred and what was profane ; they respected no age , or sex , or rank : the more fertile and populous provinces were converted into deserts , in which were scattered the ruins of villages and cities , that afforded shelter to a few mise- 1138 rable inhabitants , whom chance had preserved , or the sword of the enemy , wearied with destroying , had spared . '—What , sir , were the temptations which the state of Oude held out to Zemaun Shah at this period ? The house had the authority of the nabob himself for saying , that the organisation of the circar ( state ) , which had , for a long period of time , been very loose and confused , was in the last degree ineffective and irregular : ' that the 'approaching failure of the resources was to be ascribed to the precarious realisation of the revenues , and to the declining assets of the country : ' and that 'for 24 years past , the administration of affairs in this country has been in a state of disorder . '—Did this state of Oude offer no temptation to the Afghans in their threatened expedition ? —The hon . member ( Mr. Johnstone ) had given it as his opinion to this house , that the number of 40,000 Mahratta troops , commanded by a French officer ( Perron ) , and having nearly 300 officers under his command , might as well have been called an English as a French force . Mr. Lushington had never heard a more absurd proposition . Had that hon .