was impossible while the chair was filled as it was now . Was it possible that it could have passed the bench of bishops also , in the upper house , by surprise . The hon . gent . then went over the circumstances of Mr. Scott 's case , which he contended called for relief from parliament , and for the continuance of the Suspension bill , the means of that relief could be prepared and considered . argued for the repeal . He repeated that the Suspension bill had passed the house in a great hurry at the close of the last session . He had made some objections to it , on first discovering it by accident in its passage ; but before he could be prepared to deliver his sentiments properly it was gone to the lords . finding the bill before the house , regarded it as a sort of reprimand from the lords , and a sort of episcopal repartee from the bishops , for having passed the Suspension act , and thought the house ought to receive it somewhat indignantly . If the bishops and the lords wished to stultify the house by making it indecorously undo its own act , the house ought not to spew any desire to make itself a party to that stultification . But it happened also , that the lords and the bishops could not stultify the house of commons without stultifying themselves , who had joined in the , Suspension . He 415 entered into the circumstances of Mr. Scott 's case , and insisted on the propriety of continuing the Suspension , to afford an opportunity of devising some relief . The case was general , and one noble lord had declared , that if he chose to act on the same principle , he could vacate upwards of 200 livings . thought that parliament had no right to interfere with the discretion of the patron of the rectory of Brampton Bryan , even though he should exercise his right in a manner that might not be agreeable to many . But it was not the right of lord Oxford and Mr. Scott alone , but the right of Mr. Graham , the present incumbent also , that was to be considered in this case . What appeared to be hardship in the exercise of discretionary right , would often appear to be no hardship , if it were necessary or convenient to give the grounds of the exercise of discretionary and absolute right . The lords by passing this bill acknowledged their share of the error in passing the Suspension act , and called upon this house for a like recantation . He should vote for the repeal.—The bill was then read second time . moved the order of the day , for going into a committee of ways and means , to which the Correspondence between the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank , relative to the late Arrangement between the Bank and the public , was to be referred . ( see p . 232 . ) wished for some explanation on a point which was not sufficiently clear upon the face of the Papers before the house . The Resolution of the Court of Directors on which the resolution of the company of the Bank of England was founded , agreed to lend to the public 3,000,000l . without interest , during the war , on condition that the balances of the public money should be continued in the Bank in the usual manner , though they should even exceed 10,000,000l . He wished to know , whether this condition had been acceded to . The answer to the letter in which the condition was specified , stated that it was not intended to alter the course of proceedings between the Bank and the Exchequer , or to take from the Bank and advantage that it now enjoyed by law . He wished to knows , whether by this it was meant that the government acceded fully to the conditions proposed by 416 the