of a description which the house would never wish to abolish ; but this subject would more properly come before them when the report of the Financial Committee had been presented . after having stated the benefits which the adoption of this measure would afford , observed , that the principal cause of his regret at its having been lost in the other house was , that it showed that that branch of the legislature was not disposed to assist the house of commons in redeeming the pledge which they had a few years ago given the people to enquire into and to reform public abuses . That their lordships had been actuated by the sincerest wishes for the public advantage , he would not deny ; but he certainly did not think that the wisdom of their decision corresponded with the purity of their motives . He was ready fairly to own , that he did not look upon . economy as a means of considerably alleviating the public burthens . But although it would not do so much as some expected , and as all wished , it would be consoling for the house to reflect , that under the present circumstances of the country , when the people were called upon for such extraordinary sacrifices , every thing had been done by the legislature to prevent an unnecessary aggravation of their hardships . There existed in the country a description of persons encreasing with the weakness of the country—persons unconnected with any party in parliament , but whose great object was to decry parliament altogether . The leaders taught , and the followers believed ; that parliament disregarded the interests of their constituents . This was a danger daily augmenting ; the only way of meeting it was , by a conduct that should not only be free from guilt , but also free from suspicion ; by adopting measures that should show unequivocally the disposition of parliament to correct public abuses , 1263 and to reduce the public expenditure . For this purpose it was most desirable , that the principle of this bill should be recognized by parliament . It would indeed be most unfortunate , if the great aristocracy—if the heriditary counsellors of the king were so much misled , as to refuse to make this recognition . That misfortune would be much encreased , if certain illustrious personages , to whose splendour the house of commons had lately contributed so largely , should be so misguided as to take part against a measure not directed against the prerogative of the crown , but simply having in view the methodising—the regulating , and , if possible , the diminution of the public expenditure . It had been supposed , that because the bill had not much intrinsic importance attached to it , the public was but little interested in its fate . The contrary was the case . This circumstance rendered the rejection of it more odious , as it shewed that it was the principle which was rejected . We had witnessed prodigious revolutions in the state of empires ; some monarchies had been totally uprooted ; others had been shaken to their centres . He wished that those persons who were most deeply interested , would examine the history of these awful changes . They would find that they had been uniformly preceded by a strong desire in the people for reformation and retrenchment , and by a stubborn , proud , obstinate resolution , in the princes and nobles of the land , to resist that desire . He anxiously hoped and sincerely prayed , that this country was far from being placed in such circumstances ; but he must say , that if any one line of conduct was more favourable than another to the views of those who were the advocates of revolution , it was precisely that line of conduct which had lately been adopted by the upper house of parliament . Adverting to the objections to the bill , which had so suddenly flashed upon the mind of the right hon . gent . opposite , he