the right hon . gentlemen opposite expressed one fair or manly sentiment in the whole course of the proceedings on this question ? He knew well , that the only principle that actuated the right hon . gentlemen was how they could retain . their offices . The principle of the measure was , that no offices should be granted in reversion , and the economic representation contained in his majesty 's Speech could allude to nothing but this measure . He preferred a resolution of the house to be carried to the foot of the throne to a deformed bill , which might ultimately be unsuccessful . No dark junto could impede such a resolution . His majesty would , no doubt , give his faithful commons the assurance that would satisfy them on that head . This would be a security for a year , and might be constantly renewed , and the bill might be continually pressed in the mean time , with the chance of those advantages that mature reflection and the operation of external circumstances might give . But when this temporary bill should expire , supposing it in the first instance to pass , what security was there that a more violent opposition than ever might not be made to the renewal ? Unless the bill was made a government measure , there was no chance that it would pass , and it might be cast back at the close of the session , without any other effect from the concession made by the commons , than the loss of that public esteem and approbation acquired by the perseverance with which the whole Measure had been so repeatedly pressed on the upper house . The people were attached to this measure , because it was the corner-stone of a system of reformation , founded upon plain and practicable principles , such as were acted upon by the late administration , in their abstaining to dispose of the reversion of a Tellership which had fallen in , a short time before their resignation . The proceedings now adopted would leave nothing on the journals to mark the stand which it was the duty of the house to make . Why was not a conference demanded , according to the ancient constitutional practice ? If the lords were called upon to assign reasons , why might not an amicable arrangement be entered into by both parties ? But , there was a third party which was unfortunately too powerful . If the bill did not pass , he hoped a resolution would be carried to the foot of the throne , and renewed 1344 as often as it expired , till the measure could be carried . He again adverted to the importance of the bill to the people , and the duty of the bill to the people and the duty of the house to maintain it . He was most anxious for the rights of the people , but he was equally so for the honour of the sovereign , which was materially implicated and compromised by the conduct his majesty 's ministers had pursued . After a short conversation between Mr. H. Martin , Mr. W. Smith , Mr. Bankes , and Mr. Whitbread , an amendment was inserted in the preamble of the bill , stating that the measure was adopted with a view to promote , or encourage , an important inquiry which was now making by the house of commons ; another amendment substituted the term 'suspending ' instead of 'prohibiting ' the granting of places in reversion.—The proviso for granting to the judges , & c. reservations similar to those of the crown , Mr. Bankes proposed to extend to bishops and archbishops , which , after a short conversation , in which Mr. H. Martin and Mr. W. Smith participated , was agreed to.—Various verbal amendments were made in the bill , and the house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . gave notice , that as the hon . gentlemen opposite persisted in their silence on the subject , he should