design was to call upon them to supply the chasm which they had left . His first motion was for `` Copies and Extracts of Dispatches from the secretary of state for foreign affairs to our ministers at Vienna relative to the proffered Mediation of Austria . '' As he understood that this was to be granted , he would say nothing further upon that point . The second , he considered as of paramount importance . It was for the `` Substance of any communication made by his majesty 's minister at the court of Petersburgh , to his majesty 's principal secretary of state for foreign affairs , of a conversation held between the emperor of Russia and lord Hutchinson , on the 23rd of Aug. 1807 , relative to the Treaty of Peace concluded by Russia , and the offer made by that power to mediate a peace between G. Britain and France . `` —When he had given notice of this motion on a former day , the right hon . secretary had said , that he thought it improper to lay before the house any communication of an accredited minister with a foreign sovereign . After that , he must give up in despair all hope of convincing him that this document ought to be granted . But as his colleague , the fight hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , had modified that opinion , and said , that he did not go quite to the extent of the right hon . secretary , he would address himself to him , in the hope that he would not be altogether so inaccessible to the reasons which he might be able to urge for the production of these papers . But , addressing a few words , however , in the first place , to the right hon . secretary , he said , that one would think , from what the right hon . gent . had stated , that the communication of a conversation of a minister with a sovereign , was a thing which had never happened . The right hon . gent . thought that policy compelled our ministers to hold conferences with sovereigns , on account of the system to that effect introduced by the French ambassadors , with whom it was necessary that the British ambassadors should be on equality ; and this he made an excuse for concealment upon the point of delicacy to these sovereigns . He spoke in high terms of the British ambassador being compelled to stand in the anti-room 603 and witness the conduct of the French ambassador bearding the sovereign . By that the right hon . gent . meant , perhaps , to insinuate , that our ministers , ought to copy the example of the French , and claim an equal privilege on that head . With this spirit he might , perhaps , think that our ministers ought not to remain at the court . Now , he would ask him , whether our ministers had been required to proceed in this manner ? He believed he could not be so indiscreet as to say so . He insinuated that it was a breach of duty in an accredited minister , to mention the conversations he might have had with a sovereign . This was not the case in all circumstances ; but , at any rate , the noble lord ( Hutchinson ) was not an accredited minister ; but a most distinguished individual—a hero , in this age of European heroes—one who was renowned all over the world for his military talents , and no less celebrated for his high sense of honour , than for his skill in his profession . One who , as a private individual , maintained a communication with the emperor of Russia , with the knowledge of our accredited minister . The conversation which he held with the emperor on the 23d of Aug. was well known at the time , and had been conveyed to this country in a dispatch from lord G. L. Gower . It had , he