he had inquired into the facts stated in the report of the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry , and that in consequence of the representations made by him to the admiralty , prosecutions were now carrying on against , the persons who had been guilty of malversation in that department . But having said this , he did not think that the hon . baronet had made out any case to induce the house to accede to his motion . About , 30 years ago , an inquiry had been made into the state and management of Greenwich Hospital , but no legislative enactment was thought necessary . There were various offices , such as that of organist , surveyor , and architect , which persons of naval education would not be competent to fill . The auditor was an officer who required a competent skill in the law . The noble lord who now held that office had succeeded lord Thurlow , who must be allowed to have been skilled in the law . Besides , the revenues of the hospital exceeded 160,000l . per annum , and the receiver would require other qualifications than a naval education . As to the question respecting the Naval Asylum , he thought that the hon . baronet would do well to wait for the Report from the commissioners on that head . He was as desirous as any person that none but those who had served in the navy , should be employed in the offices of that institution , for which they would be qualified ; and if , when the regulations of the commissioners 978 should be produced the hon . baronet should not be satisfied with them , it would , be perfectly competent to him to move for such a measure as the present . was of opinion , that many musical persons where disabled in the navy , who might be competent to the office of organist ; and observed , that the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , and another gentleman , a member of that house , were proofs that a naval education did not render persons unfit for such offices as those he had mentioned . At any rate seafaring men might hold sinecure offices as well as any other description of persons , and it appeared that the barber of the hospital , Mr. Henry Clew , a Swiss , employed six deputies , and derived an income of 150l . per annum from his office , without having any duty to perform , but the superintendance of the shaving of The pensioners . He highly praised the labours of the naval commissioners , and of the hon . baronet in particular , and he was decidedly of opinion , that no person should be allowed to hold any office in either the Naval Asylum , or Greenwich Hospital , who was not a seafaring man . regretted that the hon . baronet had connected the two establishments , which were so different in their object and nature . The Naval Asylum had been instituted by public spirited persons , as strongly attached to the naval service as the hon . baronet , who had subscribed a sum of 50,000l . for the establishment . The proposal of the hon . baronet went to shew a distrust that men having acted under such motives , would not make regulations for its management in the same spirit . Such distrust might excite discontent in the navy , and a lukewarmness in those who had originated and promoted the institution . The commissioners were composed of 17 gentlemen of the navy , and 11 who had not been of that profession . The latter could not dictate any thing inimical to the interests of the navy , and , he therefore thought that those who had framed the institution in favour of the navy , should not be deprived of their influence upon it by the vote of the hon . baronet . observed , that the arguments employed applied only to that part of the motion which concerned the