That nothing in the said Order contained shall extend subject to capture and confiscation any articles of the produce and manufacture of the said countries and colonies , laden on board British ships , which would not have been subject to capture and confiscation if such Order had not been made . And the right hon . the lords commissioners of his majesty 's treasury , his majesty 's principal secretary of state , the lords commissioners of the admiralty , and the judges of the high court of admiralty and courts of vice-admiralty , are to take the necessary measures herein as to them shall respectively appertain . ORDER in Council ; declaring that his Majesty 's Orders of the 11th of Nov. shall not extend to permit the Produce of enemies Colonies in the West Indies to be brought direct to any British Port in Europe . At the Court at Windsor , the 18th Dec. 1807 ; present , the King 's most excellent Majesty in Council.—His majesty is pleased , by and with the advice of his privy council , to order , and it is hereby ordered , That nothing in his majesty 's Order in Council of the 11th of Nov. last , shall extend or be construed to extend , to permit any vessel to import any articles of the produce or manufacture of the enemy 's colonies in the West Indies , direct from such colonies to any port of this kingdom : and it is further ordered , That all vessels which may arrive in the ports of this kingdom direct from the colonies aforesaid , shall nevertheless be released , upon proof being made that the charter-party or other agreement for the voyage was entered into before notice of this Order . And the right hon . the lords commissioners of his majesty 's treasury , his majesty 's principal secretaries of state , the lords commissioners of the admiralty , and the judges of the high court of admiralty and the courts of vice-admiralty , are to take the necessary measures herein as to them shall respectively appertain . The Bishop of Oxford wished to call their lordships ' attention to an act , that passed the legislature , at the close of the last session , in his opinion with too great hurry and precipi- 149 tation . The act to which he alluded was the one which suspended the 36th of Geo . III . By the law , as it previously stood , augmented cures , under queen Anne 's bounty , were considered as benefices , and therefore subject to the same restrictions , The act of the last session went to repeal this clause . Much inconvenience and injury to the rights and dignity of the church had followed . Many persons continued to possess themselves of the emoluments of those benefices , who were legally ousted ; whilst others , properly presented and duly inducted , were prevented from the exercise of their professional functions , and deprived of those profits to which they were entitled in right of their appointment . The right reverend prelate , then moved , That a bill for the repeal of the Curates ' Suspension bill be then read a first time . observed , that it was not his intention to oppose the principle of the bill proposed by the right rev . prelate . He wished to remind him of the peculiar way in which the house stood , with respect to this act of Suspension . At the close of the last session it was sent up from the house of commons , merely as a measure of temporary relief to the persons supposed to be aggrieved . It was then recommended to pass the present act , confining its operation to 40 days after the commencement of the next session of parliament . In that situation the house stood , as to the present bill , and he was only anxious to ascertain , whether the principle of the measure , and of the relief sought , would better be discussed upon the