do so . After the battle of Austerlitz , when in possession of the capital of the Austrian empire , did he make a peace with Austria 851 different from that which the coolest politician would have prescribed ? Did he display the features of a savage ferocity , or did he gratify by acts of barbarity that disposition to vengeance , which is attributed to him ? Did he not rather conduct himself towards the Austrian monarchy , its sovereign and his people , in a manner , which , if it had been adopted by any other than Buonaparte , might have been extolled as of exemplary moderation ? the same may be remarked of his conduct subsequent to the victories of Jena and of Friedland.—If then , upon a review of the Whole of his conduct ; I perceive that his policy has controuled his ambition , and has allayed if not extinguished his thirst for revenge : and I at the same time perceive that it would be conducive to his interest , even now to make peace with England ; my hope of accomplishing such a peace is not without foundation , and my desire that ministers would attempt to open a negociation , is not ill-timed or improper . Sir , I am no apologist of any crimes which he may have committed ; but I am aware that I may be represented , by my opponents , as the apologist of the French emperor ; I know that I am not so . I am endeavouring to do some degree of justice to the character of that extraordinary man , in order that ministers may do justice to the country.—Sir , I will again shortly recur to the period of Louis the XIVth . The power of France was then almost physically as great as it is now . When a prince of the blood of France , was placed upon the throne of Spain , and the Pyrenean mountains were no more , Wm . the IIId . no longer filled the throne of England : the French armies were still commanded by generals of the highest reputation . There was every prospect that the whole of Europe would be overwhelmed by France ! there was no obstacle in the mind of the French monarch , arising out of humanity , good faith , the ties of honour , or the calls of justice . He had exemplified his contempt of treaties , by suffering Philip to seize the Spanish crown : by his ravage of the Palatinate , he had shewn how callous he was to the miseries of mankind . There remained nothing but strength to oppose to strength ; and there did providentially arise at that period that greatest and noblest bulwark of nations , men of transcendent talents , who eventually reversed the fortune of war . The potentates confederated against France , under the auspices of the duke of Marlborough 852 and prince Eugene , reduced the power of her arms , and brought her to the lowest state of humiliation . Let us not , however , forget that the cruel bigotry of Louis the XIVth . materially embarrassed his military exertions , and blending domestic contentions with foreign war , heightened his own distress , and powerfully contributed , among other causes , to effect the salvation of Europe.—But is it the power of France that we now contemplate ? Sir , I maintain that it is not the power of France , but the power of the French emperor . The mighty mass of dominion which you in your attempts to destroy him , have placed within his grasp , he alone can wield : none but Ulysses can bend the bow of Ulysses . But as in the course of nature , his life must at length terminate , God forbid it should be cut short by any improper means ! the power of France would then no longer be what it is now . Nay , even suspend for a time the operations of war , and the power of the French