fact . On the appearance of the French Decree , in Nov. the American minister required an explanation of it , stating , that it was contrary to the treaty of amity and commerce existing between America and France . The answer of the minister of marine was , that it was not in the contemplation of the French Decree to affect American ships . He had heard it said , that this was idle assertion ; but he would be glad to ask , if the communication or the explanation of this Decree , by the President of the United States of America to Congress , was nothing more than idle assertion ? It was a well-known fact , that the merchants of this country , whose opinions upon these Orders in Council were certainly the most correct , and who uniformly complained of them , had not , in consequence of the French Decree , been obliged to pay a single additional shilling insurance on the trade between this country and America . Spain was 677 obliged to issue a similar decree at the time France issued hers . An American ship was brought into a Spanish port for a violation of this decree ; she was brought to trial in the Prize Court , and ordered to be released . Another instance occurred in France , when an American ship , under the same circumstances , was released . What ? he would ask , could be so convincing as these facts ? and what could more strongly shew that it was not the intention of France to injure or restrict American traders ? There were other facts which proved Mr. Munroe 's letter to Mr. Secretary Canning , [ p. 598 ] stating it not to be the intention of France to interfere with the trade of America . In the teeth of all this evidence , and three weeks after the receipt of Mr. Munroe 's letter to Mr. Canning , these Orders in Council appeared . It was said that America did not obtain the revocation of the French Decree—but how could that be expected ? It might not be , nor was not in her power to do so.—The noble lord proceeded to consider the Orders in Council as contradictory to the established principles of municipal law ; quoting part of Magna Charta , with the commentary of Montesquieu , to prove that this country ever had considered the rights of even foreign merchants as part of their own constitutional liberty ; hence , he maintained , the exertion of the king 's prerogative in the publication of these Orders , and their enforcement , had effectually violated the established law of the land . The rights of war should only be exerted by the king on the property of the enemy , and by no means should they be extended to that of neutrals . This measure had even proceeded so far as to raise a tax , and levy supplies , Without the consent of parliament.—With respect to the policy of the measure itself , if the inexplicable nature of the Orders permitted him to say he could form any just idea even of their tendency , he must acknowledge his decided conviction of their tendency to injure our trade , to depreciate our character among other nations , and to deprive us of the means of meeting the pressing emergencies of the times . These Orders , as affecting the sugar and cotton trade , had the worst possible effect . He could never comprehend how this measure could be denominated a retaliation , since it affected primarily ourselves , and next our allies . The French would contentedly suffer some embarrassment and inconvenience , being well ap- 678 prised that the sinews of our strength laid in our commerce . Hence the whole force of this injurious system reverted on ourselves.—He concluded with entering his formal protest against the measure . defended the legality of the measure , contending that it had not violated any law whatever , but on the contrary was expressly provided for by act of