this confining the operations of the Decree to French territory ? In what manner did Buonaparte himself explain the Decree in answer to the remonstrance from the merchants of Hamburgh , who stated , that a great part of the goods seized , actually belonged to them , and that the measures he was pursuing were pregnant with greater ruin to himself than to his enemy ? `` To destroy the commerce of the vile English , '' said he , `` in every possible way , is my object . I have it in my power ; I wish to ruin Hamburgh ; for that would promote the destruction of English commerce . '' The construction put upon this Decree by other countries , by Spain for instance , in the manner in which she adopted the pro- 324 visions of it , sufficiently proved that no doubt was entertained by them on the subject . But it was contented that the whole of the reasoning deduce d from these facts was done away by the representation made by the French minister of Marine , Decres , to general Armstrong . This was the revocation with which neutrals ought to have been satisfied ; which should have induced this country to refrain from any measure of retaliation ! Decres stated it as his opinion ( his opinion merely , not his knowledge ) , that the Decree did not alter the practise of neutral navigation ; that it did not affect the American convention with France , nor alter the existing mode of maritime capture . After having stated this as his opinion , his unauthorized opinion , he proceeded to explain some of the secondary articles of the Decree , but on the most material point referred gen. Armstrong to the minister of external relations ! It being evident , therefore , that the tendency of this French Decree was such as he had stated it , he maintained that we had a complete right to retaliate upon the enemy their own measures ; that if the enemy declared we should have no trade ; we had a right to declare that they should have no trade ; that if the enemy proclaimed British manufactures good prize , we had a right to declare French manufactures and produce good prize . Who were interested in this subject and capable of appreciating it ? In the first place , the enemy ; secondly , the gentlemen opposite who formed the last administration ; thirdly , the country at large , as existing in their representatives in that house ; and fourthly , neutral nations . The opinion of the first was the least material , but still when it was considered how large a portion of the continent of Europe was under the dominion of the enemy , it became of some consequence to know what he had professed to be a principle of the law of nations . He had professed that by the law of nations a country had a right to oppose its enemy with his own weapons . As far , therefore , as Buonaparte was concerned , his majesty 's government were warranted in their proceedings on the principles which he himself had professed ; unless he founded his argument on the assertion that we had first infringed the law , by imposing a blockade . What he meant by that was not very evident ; probably the blockade of unexampled extent , formed , and meritoriously formed , by the administration in 325 which the noble lord opposite bore so distinguished a part , from the Elbe to Brest.—He came now to the second opinion , that of the last administration . He was desirous to shew the house , that if there was meaning in words , or consistency in men , unless the Order of the 7th of Jan. could be interpreted away , as it had been attempted to interpret away the French Decree , his majesty 's present government , in issuing the Orders under discussion , had a right to be perfectly satisfied , that however the policy