called upon to contribute more than he was bound to do by the treaty of 1798 ; but , he was ready to contend , that the nabob had not been obliged to contribute more than under that treaty he would have been bound to do , when the number of troops employed upon his frontier was taken into consideration , Upon these grounds , therefore , he should feel it his duty to move the previous question upon all the Resolutions but the last , which called for a revision of a treaty that had the sanction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India , and this he was prepared to meet with a direct negative . took a view of the state of the parties in 1801 , and of the circumstances which led to the treaty . He contended , that there was not the smallest ground at that time for the interference of the governor-general in the affairs of the nabob , who had religiously observed , all the stipulations of the treaty concluded in 1798 , by sir John Shore . He expected , at least , that some necessity for the violation of this treaty would have been attempted to he established ; but no such attempt had been made , and it appeared to be infringed merely to give effect to a system of aggrandisement which lord Wellesley had adopted , and was determined at all events to pursue . The kists were not even in arrear , and the company had derived all the advantage from the treaty of 1798 that ever was expected from it . It was said , indeed , that by this treaty the nabob would have contributed as much as he did at present . But , in answer to this he stated , that the company were obliged to keep up a force of not less than 11 , and not more than 13,000 troops for 75 lacs of rupees , to be paid by the nabob ; and till the subsidy was refused to be paid , which it never was , we certainly had no right whatever to seize upon his territory . We were called upon to consult the feelings of the natives of 1295 India , but we ought also to consider what must have been their feelings on seeing a solemn treaty so unnecessarily and wantonly violated . And when it was stated , that the country was in such a state of disorder , that all sorts of crimes were committed with impunity , it ought also to be shewn , that the security of the British government in India was endangered by these disorders . He concluded by declaring his intention to support the Resolutions of his noble friend . lamented to see so thin an attendance upon a discussion so interesting to the national character . He thought the house on a former night had behaved worse even than lord Wellesley himself , in the manner in which they had got rid of the charges brought against him . He was not fond of renewed debates upon the same question , but he thought there was better grounds for renewing the debate on the present question , than on many others , though he did not flatter himself that the result would be different from what it had been . The treaty which was now under discussion , he declared , did not deserve that name , for to a treaty the assent of two parties was requisite , and the nabob certainly never had voluntarily given his assent to that of 1801 . It was alledged , that it would be difficult to rescind the treaty , but nothing should ever be considered as difficult which was right , and if we had any regard to justice or national character , certainly some compensation ought to be granted to the nabob for the wrong he had sustained , however difficult it might be to find out the proper mode of compensation . The treaty was said to have originated in friendship , but if it began