which was now inimical to this country , and had the complete dominion of the Baltic Sea . Was it intended by ministers to assert that no nation on earth had a right to naval power except Britain ? The same policy which led them to capture the Danish fleet should have urged them on to Cronstadt , to seize the navy of Alexander ; and the marine of Portugal should , on the like principle , have been forced into our harbours . To the application of such a rule of conduct , the globe itself could assign no limit : from the British Channel to the confines of China it was to be extended . Not Denmark only , but Russia also , by such an aggression , was converted into an inveterate enemy— 342 Russia , from whence our arsenals were supplied with the most valuable articles for the maintenance of our maritime strength.—Russia , who herself possessed a powerful navy , which would become a most important accession to the naval resources of France . Ministers , surely , under such circumstances , would be disposed , for their own credit , to lay before the house all possible information , to silence the tongue of calumny , which had been so loud upon the occasion . His principal motive in applying for these documents was , certainly , the preservation of the honour of the country , which so long had maintained its character and dignity amongst the nations of Europe . He did not think it necessary to detain their lordships any longer , on a question to which he could not conceive that there existed any well-grounded objection , but should content himself with moving an humble address to his majesty , praying for the production of the substance and dates of all information transmitted by his majesty 's ministers at the court of Denmark , during the last year , respecting the naval force of that country ; and more particularly respecting the measures that had been adopted for augmenting the same , or for putting it in a state of forward preparation for sea.—On the question being put , He said he had listened with the greatest attention to the speech of the noble mover , but must certainly differ from him as to the necessity of having before their lordships the mass of documents , which had been called for . What ! could their lordships doubt for a moment , that they had not sufficient proof before them to justify the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , in having undertaken that great and saving measure , the Expedition to Copenhagen ? He thought that without any further proof than what was already before their lordships , the question was now ripe for discussion . On stating this , he rested on the proofs before their lordships and the country , he meant the various circumstances and facts which could not escape the notice of the most common observer . Why ask for official documents , when their lordships might adduce the progress of events , the relative situation of Denmark and France , and then again the relative situation of England with either , or with both ? To ask for further proofs than the circumstances of the case exhibited , would be to slur 343 and insult the national character . In fact , such a parliamentary proceeding would be to cast a reproach on the country for having defeated the enemy , and frustrated his designs by anticipation . With a view , however , of going as largely into the subject as some noble lords seemed to wish , he should consider , first , the necessity of the case ; next , the designs of France , and her means to accomplish them ; thirdly , the means of Denmark to resist France ; and , lastly , the law of nations , as involved in the question . He should , in taking his view of the state and condition of France , not carry their lordships attention farther back than the battle