have meant not only to exclude British produce and manufactures from his ports , but also to prevent all trade whatever in British commodities . This was a flagrant violation of the , rights of neutrals ; for it was as much as to say , that whoever traded with G. Britain would be considered as an enemy by France . Coupling the preamble with the enactment , this was the obvious sense of the Decree . His lordship then adverted to the Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. last year ; and argued also , from the plain construction of this Order , that the Decree must have been understood by the late ministers as extending farther than mere internal regulation which France had a right to adopt . It had been said that the present ministers were more ready to argue that their predecessors 475 were in the wrong than that they themselves were in the right . This could not be imputed to him on the present occasion ; for , as far as the Order of the 7th of Jan. went , it had his approbation . At least there was here a recognition of the injustice of France to neutrals , if not an approval of the principle of retaliation , by establishing a similiar system of nominal blockade . But the Order at all events extended further than the old mode of applying the law of nations . It might be said , that , according to the rule of 1756 , we had a right to interrupt the coasting trade of France ; but this interrupted the trade of Spain , & c. with France , and included those nations where France had such a controul as to enable her to enforce the exclusion of our ships . Any nation bad a right to exclude our ships ; but the Order proceeded on the sound principle , that in fact the exclusion was owing not to the nation itself , hut . to France . To support this construction of the Order , his lordship cited the speech of the President of the United States , who , he observed , understood it in the same way ; and for the justness of his construction of the French Decree , he cited the Spanish Decree . He also cited the pretensions and complaints of the Danes to the same effect . With regard to the opinion of M. Decres , in reply to gen. Armstrong , who consulted him about the application of the Decrees to America , he considered that as worth nothing . The whole answer evidently amounted to this , that Decres knew very little about the matter . This appeared from a sentence in the answer which he observed in a very excellent pamphlet on this subject , which , he knew not for what reason , was not published in the official letter . There Decres distinctly stated , that he had much less positive information on the point than the prince of Benevento , whom he advised gen. Armstrong to consult . The Court of Admiralty also had certainly adopted his construction of the French Decree . When a neutral was captured by an enemy , it was not the practice to grant salvage for releasing the vessel because she was in no danger of confiscation ; but on an American vessel being seized for trading with this country , and released by one of our ships , one-eighth of the whole was granted as salvage . As to the question of the right of retaliation , his lordship contended , that when our own preservation required that we should take measures against our ene- 476 my , the neutral had no right to complain ; for the injury to her was consequential . He stated a variety of instances to prove the correctness of this position , and cited cases of blockades , embargoes , & c. as illustrations of the doctrine . As to the mode of the retaliation , he did not think it necessary to say a word on that subject.—