; and yet they had the good fortune to persuade the house , to shut out the commercial subjects of the kingdom from being heard . He had once thought this measure quite original , but lately he had found a precedent for it . One of the West India islands had been in want of provisions , and only one person had any to dispose of . That person had another article for which he could get no sale ; but he told the inhabitants that they must have the other article , or they should have no provisions . By this expedient he got rid of his grindstones , and was , all his life after , called 'Grindstone Lynch . ' He stated , that of the primum for the linen manufacture of Ireland , 4-5ths came from America ; and adverted to the danger that would result from the stoppage of this supply . The interests of Ireland ought the more to be considered on this occasion , because the linen manufacture had been forced on her instead of the woollen , for which she had the primum . He also adverted to the consequences to our silk manufacture here . Of the primum for this there was not in the country more than six weeks supply , and at the end of that period 60,000 men might be driven out of employment . replied , that the inconvenience with respect to Ireland existed from the American embargo , and did not arise from the Orders in Council . As to silk , part of that was brought from the Mediterranean and the East Indies The Italian silk was excluded , not by the Orders in Council , but by the French decrees . The only effect of these observations would be to apprize America of the injury she could do us by holding out . admired the candour of the right hon . gent . Did he think tile Americans ignorant of the amount of their supplies to Ireland ? Did they sell them for nothing ? Or did they throw the flaxseed into the sea , and leave it to float from America to the Irish coast ? As to the embargo , his right hon . friend 's argument went to this , that by our measures we should induce the Americans to continue it ; and as to the article of silk , he knew that it was prohibited by the French decrees ; but the complaint was that , these Orders had locked up the continental ports still faster , and finished what Buonaparte had left undone.—The Bill was 927 then order to be a third time on Thursday . rose to put a question to the noble secretary of state , before the house entered on the important discussion which was this night to engage their attention , respecting a topic which of late had been alluded to in the course of debate . The subject to which he referred was the assertion made by the noble secretary , most assuredly with no design to mislead , that the Treaty signed with America by the late administration had been received in America previous to the separation of congress ; and that the treaty was refused to be ratified , and was sent back by the .president of the United States . Now , he believed he might safely venture to assert , that neither of these assertions was founded in fact ; and if the noble secretary had advanced any such assertions without due consideration , he was convinced that his usual candour would incline him to acknowledge the inadvertence . This , in his mind , was a topic that could not be too much insisted upon , and which was likely soon to come before their lordships in a variety of shapes . Not only , he believed , the Treaty in question had not been received in America before congress separated ; but that might very well be the reason why it was supposed the president had refused to ratify , and why a number of insinuations