dispatches related to that particular period of time after the fatal battle of Jena , and the violation of the Danish territory by France ; and were principally made for the purpose of buying that many persons in official situations in Denmark , had that bias towards the interests of France , which it was the business of the British government to counteract , if possible . He was confident that no person could charge him with having made any false statement of what was contained in Mr. Garlicke 's dispatches . But his chief objection to the present motion arose from this principle , that it would go to establish a precedent for publishing all papers and foreign dispatches whatever . The depositaries of the public confidence must judge in every instance , whether they ought to be produced or not . There would be no end to distrust , and from the sample which was now exhibited , there would be no end to the demand and production of papers . To the jealousy which the hon . gent . discovered , no other exposition of papers would be satisfactory , but 389 that of putting him into the Foreign Office , and letting him rummage at pleasure . With regard to the dispatches of lord Howick , it was highly probable that the noble lord had copies of them in his own possession ; but if not , he should be happy to furnish him with copies from the Foreign Office . In observing upon the state of Denmark at a particular period , he had taken the opportunity to state that the possibility of a junction between France and Denmark had been contemplated by his noble predecessor , and that orders had been , in consequence , communicated , how to act , in the case of such an event . It appeared that the house was convinced of the propriety of the measures adopted by government , from what had been already produced ; and it was for those members who thought otherwise to bring the same question again before the house , if they thought fit . was astonished at the speech of the right hon . secretary the other night in many parts of it , and still more so , at the manner in which he attempted to defend himself to-night , by denying the information which the motion before the house was calculated to convey . He had referred to extracts from the dispatches of lard Howick in his own defence the other night , and in support of his own argument . He must be excused when he called these extracts , garbled extracts of documents to which he had access from his official situation . In the course of the debate , the right hon . secretary gave a part which suited the purpose of his own argument , and concealed the rest . He should have expected , that a man of the talents and station of the right hon . secretary would not have stooped to the artifice of garbling scraps of paper , to give a false colouring to a transaction of such importance as that of which he was treating the other night ; for most indisputable it was , that the whole matter would have appeared in a very different light from that in which the speech of the right hon . secretary placed it . My lord Grey felt himself aggrieved by this proceeding , and declared that if the dispatch sent by him to Mr. Garlicke had been all read , instead of the partial extract which the right hon . secretary gave to the house , the whole transaction would have a different colour from that which the reading of that partial extract gave it . What was the point in debate ? There had been an inquiry respecting Denmark , and the Expedition to Copen 390 hagen had been attempted to be justified from certain circumstances . Gentlemen on one side of the house contended , that the account which ministers had given of that matter was not satisfactory .