Danish government . The noble lord who immediately preceded him had instructed Mr. Garlicke to declare to the Danish government , that his majesty could never , in the event of that power submitting to the controul of France , suffer either the who e or a part of its navy to be placed at the disposal of France . [ Loud cries of hear ! hear ! ] The hon . gentlemen opposite might continue their acclamations , but the opinion was entitled to respect . Perhaps , however , the noble lord had not considered the means adequate to the end , and did not look upon the capture of Holstein as more likely to secure the possession of the Danish fleet , 274 than the conquest of Alexandria that of the Turks . But the instructions of the noble lord went on to say , that if the Danes should suffer the French to occupy Holstein , his majesty could not abstain from those measures which would be necessary to maintain the honour of his crown and assert the interest of his subjects . [ Loud cries of hear , hear ! from the opposition . ] He presumed , from their acclamation , that the gentlemen opposite inferred , that these measures should not be resorted to until the Danish navy should be actually taken , or until the agreement should be entered into for its surrender , or until a communication of such agreement should be made by a government , which had entered into a convention with this country in August , and in the December following had violated that convention . The whole conduct of that court shewed , that , either from necessity or inclination , it would have taken a part against this country , and it was no weak presumption of such an event , that all the offers of France had been kept back from this country , whilst they were amusing us with the assurance , that they placed an implicit reliance upon the Declarations of France . He had been hitherto speaking of the state of Denmark in Dec. 1807 , and Jan. 1808 , when Buonaparte was employed at a distance in Poland against armies , certainly not equal to his own , but which kept him at bay , and by a small assistance might have been rendered equal to his armies . By what means could Denmark defend herself against the French , when Buonaparte should return with his whole force triumphant from Poland , after she had refused the assistance that had been offered to her ? Of all persons he did not think that his majesty 's ministers should be accused of injustice by the captors of Alexandria ; of mismanagement by the attackers of the Dardanelles ; as inglorious by the conquerors of Constantinople ? —But though he should admit that the demand of the Danish navy was a strong measure , yet there was some extenuation in that case , which did not apply to the demand of the Turkish fleet . He did not mean to argue here the difference of the necessity in either instance . There was this circumstance which bore upon the case of the Danish navy , that the Danish government , contemplating the dangers that were gathering round it , had entertained the project of reducing its navy by sale , and he had it 275 upon authority to state , that the Russian minister had actually entered into a treaty for the purchase 'of part of the Danish navy.—As to the influence of national pride , therefore , it could not be very active , for he could not conceive any situation that this country could be placed in , in which she could entertain a proposal for the disposal , by sale , of any part of the British navy . This would not certainly justify the demand of the Danish fleet , but it . certainly did strip the right hon . gent . 's speech of part of its gorgeous eloquence . The experience of the past had enabled his