, her trade , by which she had grown rich and powerful , her fleets , and her national independence . It was impossible that , if forced to such an alternative , she could hesitate in the choice ; with Sweden and Great Britain she might effectually defend Zealand ; but by taking a part with France , she would lose all.—Conformably to such principles , a plan of military defence was actually arranged , and notwithstanding the extreme and wise caution of their court , made known to our ministers , that such plan was preferable to that urged by us ; no man , with a military idea , could hesitate for a moment , with all the aid we could afford , they were incompetent to the defence of Holstein , and as to the co-operation of 25,000 Swedes , if they could be produced , it seems , after their conduct in Pomerania , that the Danish minister was not very unwise in doubting their efficiency . But , in discussing the question , a strong illustration of the inconsistency , charged in the resolutions moved , had been given by the right hon . the secretary at war , when it suited him to consider the Danes incompetent to the defence of Holstein . His argument was , the extreme difficulties of their retiring from thence to the islands , where the French were , supposed to find every possible facility for their transport across the same channel ; that is , that to those who actually possessed the vessels , who manned them , to whose cause the crews were devoted , who commanded the land on each side , every thing was difficult , which , the next moment , to an enemy , whose approach must be notorious , who had no craft , no seamen , the passage of a disputed sea was easy , safe , and certain ! The Danes seemed to have understood that point full as well as the secretary at war . But it had been argued that , after the peace of Tilsit , Denmark could not have resisted the co-operation of France and Russia . This assumed that Russia would have taken a hostile line towards this country , even if we had not attacked Copenhagen , and would have forced Denmark into a similar subserviency to French interests . Where the grounds for such an assumption were found he could not conceive ; certainly not in the papers before parliament , from these and from all that had transpired of our inter- 1226 course with Russia the very reverse was , to him , palpable . No man could doubt that ministers had produced every paper tending to their justification , and to those they withheld there was more than suspicion for attributing ground of condemnation . But if any one were capable of giving evidence to such a point , it must be the noble lord ( G. L. Gower , ) who , from his personal character , was entitled to attention . What had the noble lord , with all his means of local information , been able to produce in defence of ministers ? Some declaration of the emperor Alexander , accompanying his treaty of 1805 , which , as the noble lord insinuates , proved a disposition hostile to our interests.—But to admit that , we are called upon to overlook the treaty itself , the strong and powerful exertions of two campaigns , made by Russia against France , her strenuous and almost desperate perseverance , to the last , until the battle was fought almost on her frontiers and for the security of her territory . These are not admitted to be any proofs of sincerity in a cause , but we are all on a sudden to attribute to the emperor Alexander an insincerity , as inconsistent with his uniform character , as the subserviency to France imputed would be contrary to the fundamental policy of Russia , which is known to consist in resistance to the aggrandizement of France ; the only state