he 1110 would have merited the unqualified approbation of his countrymen . But , sir , after reading the papers on your table , of his subsequent conduct , is there any impartial man who will venture to say that his laurels remain unfaded , untarnished by his subsequent conduct ? Highly as I respect the talents of the noble marquis , I can not permit the brilliancy of those talents to shut my eyes against the acts of tyranny and injustice we are now examining ? I impute to him no corrupt motives ; but is that unbounded ambition , which permits no obstacles to the attainment of the most unjust ends , no crime ? Is such an ambition less fatal to the interests and character of a great nation than personal avarice ? Insatiable as they both are , the effects of ambition are more pernicious , because more extensive and durable . With a considerable bias on my mind in favour of lord Wellesley , I feel compelled to pronounce a verdict of guilty , and that against him alone ; for plainly manifest is it , that in the whole of these momentous proceedings , whilst his disregard and contempt of the company 's authority has been avowed and justified by the right hon . baronet , he has not even condescended to communicate to his council his intentions towards Oude . Sir Alured Clarke , second in council , informs you that though he left India only in Feb. 1801 , he knew nothing of the intentions of lord Wellesley respecting Oude , though they had been methodized , and arranged as we find long before ; even Mr. Cowper , possessing the confidence and friendship of lord Wellesley , was not entrusted with the secret . In fact this was his sole act , originating in himself ; executed by himself—no one has shared the merit , if merit it has ; no one else is intitled to censure , if censure it deserves.—I had nearly forgot the justification of the noble marquis from the subsequent approval by the court of directors . How does the right hon . baronet construe an approval of the treaty into that of lord Wellesley 's conduct ? An honorable director ( Mr. Grant ) has told you , that the naked treaty alone came to them , without one explanation of the manner in which it had been obtained , or the circumstances which preceded it . I wonder not they should approve a treaty which ( if they gave credit to the brilliant statement of the future revenues of the ceded provinces by Mr. H. Wellesley ) promised so great a relief to their embarrassed finances ; but when they did know 1111 all the circumstances attending it , did they then approve lord Wellesley 's conduct ? No , sir , on the contrary , they stood forward , as manfully and honourably as they do now , to express their reprobation and abhorrence of it . On what then rests this part of the justification It is as specious , but as fallacious as the rest.— I fear , Sir , I have nearly exhausted the patience of the house ; indeed I am nearly exhausted myself ; but I was anxious fully to state the reasons of my vote on a question , which I consider most important to the interests and character of Great Britain , which has employed an attentive consideration of some weeks , and to which I have brought only an anxious desire for truth . In the vote which I shall most readily give in support of the motion of the noble lord , I will frankly own , I am making no small sacrifice of my political feelings , to my sence of public duty . I have my political attachments and friendships as well as others ; and when I feel compelled to forego them even for the moment , it is with sincere regret . I am happy , however , in thinking that this is no party question . The present ministers ,