was intended eventually to allow those soldiers who had enlisted for a term of years , to change that term for life , this would be an atrocious breach of faith ; for the prohibition which now existed was the protection of the soldier , and were it to be removed he would be exposed to the solicitations and ultimately to the vengeance of his officers . After arguing at considerable length on these topics he concluded , by expressing his hopes that the house would rise with one common feeling of indignation against the insidious attempt , which was made without any plausible pretext whatever , to destroy that which after deliberate and repeated discussion had received the solemn sanction of parliament . said , that in any other country he should think the principle of limited service a good one ; but in this country he thought it would be dangerous to adopt it , on account of the extent of its colonies . There was likewise another point of view in which he considered it as very objectionable , namely , the necessity that there was of having a large army at all times in readiness to oppose those schemes of invasion which it was beyond a doubt Buonaparte never for a moment lost sight of , in the prosecution of the present war . The hon . general , however , did not confine himself to the question immediately before the house , but availed himself of the latitude of debate permitted in a committee , to take a general view of the defence of the country . And in order to establish its security on a firm basis , he Was of opinion that it would be highly expedient to assemble all the regulars , militia , and volunteers , in different camps round the metropolis , and there to keep them in constant exercise , so that when the hour of danger came , every man might know his place . He wished also , that a part of the artillery should be thrown into the rear of the army ; and , for this purpose , he should be extremely glad if the half of Woolwich could be transferred to Nottingham . From England the hon . and gallant general passed over to Ireland ; 990 and , for the defence of that country , he proposed , that four different corps-d'armée should be formed and stationed at Dublin , Athlone , Mallow , and Brough . From Ireland he passed to America , and , in contemplating the possibility of a war with that country , he thought that it would be right to set up an army in Canada . From America he passed to the East Indies , and recommended the precautions necessary for frustrating the projects of Buonaparte upon our possessions in that part of the world . Glancing at the present situation of Sweden , the hon . general pronounced it to be his opinion , that no British troops should be sent to the aid of our ally ; but that he should be supported by large pecuniary succours , and by the German legion , the casualties of which would be more easily supplied abroad than in this country , as it consisted entirely of foreigners . The rest of the army ought to be concentrated in England and Ireland ; for , in one or other of these countries , the battle must be fought , and thither , we might depend upon it , all the force which he had employed upon the continent would be sent . The heart and entrance of the kingdom ought therefore to be guarded with the utmost vigilance . When Buonaparte invaded our shores with his numerous and formidable legions , would it be sufficient to oppose to him Magna Charta , our constitution , or a friendly and conciliating opposition ? It would , perhaps , be objected to him , that military men were fond of war ; but the hon . general assured the committee , that this was by no means the case ;