, each part formed a question of the greatest magnitude to the country , and if they were not all discussed together , it was the fault of noble lords on the other side , who had refused to go into a committee on the Orders in Council . A noble duke had quoted the letter of his noble friend to Mr. Rist , to shew that he threatened to put the coasts of the enemy into a state of blockade , as a matter of retaliation . If he had proceeded but four or five words farther , he would have seen that the noble lord 's words were , `` that G. Britain would have enforced such blockade by its maritime superiority , '' a thing which made the measure legitimate , and consistent with the law of nations ; and there was not one word to shew that they meant it in mere retaliation . said , that noble lords made the inconsistencies of which they complained . They would not divide the question of the Orders in Council into two points of view , in which it ought to be considered—into that which the crown did from its prerogative of war , and what was agreeable to the municipal law of the land.—In adverting to America , he warmly contended that the measures of the late government caused that irritation which appeared in the disposition and councils of that country ; and concluded by expressing a sentiment of amity and friendship towards that country , whose very existence he considered to depend upon the greatness and prosperity of this . vindicated the late govern- 785 ment from the aspersions that had been thrown upon them , by asserting that the Order of the 7th Jan. was an act of retaliation , and that it avowed the principle upon which the Order in Council of the 11th Nov. was founded . He distinctly shewed , that there was not the slightest similiarity , and he strongly animadverted on the disingenuous manner in which a noble and learned lord had partially quoted and misrepresented his note to Mr. Rist . He also explained the course of proceeding which had been taken with respect to America , and shewed that the declarations made to them by the late government , had been satisfactory , as would have been proved to the house , if the Answer to Mr. Madison had been laid upon the table . He observed , on the reparation made by the present ministers for the affair of the Chesapeake , that it had at least been tardy , since several months had elapsed before the departure of Mr. Rose , and he expressed his fears , that at the very time they were now debating the Orders in Council , as they applied to America , ministers might be in possession of the determination of the American government on the point . entered at length into the pretended distinction between the Order of the 7th Jan. and the late Orders . He declared that he could not discover any difference in principle , and scarcely any difference in language . When noble lords said it was not an act of retaliation , they should look back to the Papers , where it was distinctly stated to be in retaliation of the enemy 's Decree . But neither that measure nor the present , though in their consequences they touched neutrals , could be said to be against neutrals . They were against the enemy , and it was only by their consequences that they affected neutrals . This was the nature of all belligerent acts . A measure was taken by the enemy in hostility to us , and which in its result affected neutrals ; we retaliated on the enemy and that also affected neutrals ; but surely they could only complain of the original aggressor . With respect to the tardy reparation made to America for the affair of the Chesapeake , they had made instant reparation , even before any remonstrance or complaint was made . They expected that the American ministers