public expenditure . On the score of duties he had to perform as chairman of the committee of the house , the hon . member was satisfied , Mr. Wharton might well be excused from giving his attendance up stairs at the Committee of Finance . He had never seen him there but once ; but he must be allowed to say , that , in consequence of his attendance that day , a report would be submitted to the house from that committee , different from what it would otherwise have been . The hon . gent . concluded by moving , `` That Richard Wharton , esq . having been called to the chair of the committee of ways and means , be excused from giving further attendance on the Committee of Finance . '' had supposed that the hon . gent . would have adduced some precedent , or would have made out some strong case , ere he had submitted to the house a motion which semed to cast no slight imputation on the hon . gent . against whom it was directed , more especially when it was connected with one of his last observations . By that observation it appeared , that a majority in the Committee of Finance had been recently occasioned by the presence of the chairman of the committee of ways and means , and that had not that circumstance occurred , the hon . mover 's attention would not have been directed to the subject . To him it appeared impossible , without the establishment of some grave charge , to remove a member from a situation to which he had been chosen by the house . The hon . gent . said he thought it necessary to do this , because he imagined the chairman of the committee of ways and means was an officer appointed by government . It was not so . He was appointed by the house , who voted him into that situation . As to the recommendation of his majesty 's ministers , the hon . gent . might as well apply his reasoning on that subject to any other act of the house . The hon . gent . fancied it possible , that in a committee composed , at the commencement of a session , of 25 members holding no official situations , the whole , at the close of the same session , might become possessed of offices . But , was not the honourable gentleman aware that by an appoint- 1312 ment to office , a member vacated his seat in the house , and consequently in a committee ? and that on his re-election ( should he be re-elected ) , the house had it in their power to reinstate him in the committee or not , as they thought proper ? Indeed , there had been instances since the establishment of the Finance Committee , of individuals who , having accepted offices , had been sent back to their constituents , and who had been re-elected , but who had not been re-appointed members of the committee . He was far from being ready to admit , that because his majesty thought proper to confer an office on any member of the house , he ought therefore to be considered as disqualified for any duty to which any other member of the house was competent . He denied that because a person was in office , he must necessarily be distrusted . He did not know what were the hon . gent 's views of public life ; but if he were desirous of having the opportunity of discharging any great public duty with fidelity , he did not think that he ought to fall in the estimation of the world were he to embrace such an opportunity if it were afforded him . Of this he was sure , that the hon . gentlemen who surrounded him were not of that opinion , and that they thought a man pursued the noblest road to fame by seeking it in public utility . He trusted , therefore ,