exist in the Treaty of Tilsit , which proved the determination to form a hostile ' confederacy against this country , of which Denmark Was to form a part . Then came the Declaration 'respecting Russia , in which we were told not of secret articles , but of arrangements made at Tilsit ; and now the speech , which we have this day heard , says not one word about either . When the grounds upon which the expedition to Copenhagen is justified , are thus shifted , is it not of the utmost importance , that we should have some information as to the real state of the case ? We find ministers making a strong assertion in the outset ; that assertion is afterwards weakened , and now , is not at all mentioned in the speech this day ; namely , respecting the secret articles or arrangements at Tilsit , which formed the ground-work of the justification of the Copenhagen expedition , and yet no information upon the subject is laid before the house . Ministers have asserted , that there were secret articles in the Treaty of Tilsit , affecting the interests of this country , and the French government have asserted that there were none . Here , then , was a challenge ; and it was incumbent upon ministers to prove their former assertion ; 19 but this they have not attempted to do , and have given up the assertion in the speech . I am well aware , that there might be circumstances expedition would imperatively justify an expedition like that to Copenhagen : it is laid down by the most approved writers on the law of nations , that where you have certain evidence of the intention of an enemy to seize upon a neutral territory , neutral vessels , or property , such neural being incapable of resisting , and thereby to place you in imminent danger , you have a right to seize such neutral territory , vessels , or property , in order to insure your own safety . The same writers , however , state the dreadful consequences which would result from the application of such a doctrine , unless the imperative circumstances are clearly proved and accurately defined ; the danger ought to be clearly established , and the incapability of the neutral to defend itself . We are told in the speech , that his majesty had information that France intended to collect a large force to bear against this country . My lords , can any one of us doubt this , or that this country would be equally desirous to bring a large force to bear against France ? But how does this bear upon the point ? Even if Denmark had become a party to a treaty against this country , could that be a justification for seizing her fleet or her territories ? We know how France has acted upon this principle on the case of Naples which became a party to the coalition against France , which I fear is lost to its sovereign for ever ; and in the case of Hesse , where there was only a suspicion that the sovereign was favourable to the cause of the coalition against France . It is said , however , that the hostility of Denmark is clearly proved ; and in what manner ? because her fleet was in a state of preparation , and because she had , at different times , evinced a hostile feeling towards this ? country . With respect to her fleet , was it not natural , when all the powers around her were at war , that she should be in-a state of preparation ? But , my lords , if I am not grossly misinformed , so far from that being the case , the greater part of the Danish ships were laid up in ordinary . Upon this part of the subject , however , I trust that parliament will call for information ; as in this respect information may be easily obtained , and may certainly be imparted without