the field of battle , and immediately after made themselves masters of the magazines at Elbing , and returned to their cantonments , where they effectually covered the blockade of several strong towns , which afterwards surrendered to them . At that time the king of Prussia retired from Konigsberg to Memel , and not thinking himself quite safe there , had even engaged a house at Riga . On the 23d of Feb. he wrote to ministers , mentioning that a French general had arrived at Memel to propose a separate peace ; and if the count de Zastrow supported the idea of a separate peace , it was not because he was less attached than any other man to the cause of Prussia and the continent , but because he knew the situation of Russia and Prussia , and was convinced that they had no chance by continuing the contest . In the beginning of April he had had a long conversation with the emperor of Russia , who afterwards referred him to one of his ministers , who told him , that as soon as the Russian guards came up they would be superior in number to the French , and were determined to attack them . The Russians neither knew the force that opposed them , nor how much their own numbers in the field were inferior to their armies upon paper.—The noble lord was then proceeding to state the nature of different dispatches between him and the present ministers , when rose to order . He thought it was completely out of order for any noble lord to state , at his own pleasure , all the conversations between kings and emperors , which , from his official situation , he might have heard , or to divulge the confidential communications which took place between him and his government ; and if it was competent for any one individual to do so , it was equally competent for any other individual in his majesty 's service . said , that whether the noble lord acted right or not in entering into these details , they were completely relevant to the question under dis- 444 cussion , and therefore that he could not be said to be out of order . wished to know whether their lordships would submit to the doctrine , that it was quite regular , as had been done in another place , to read partial extracts from correspondence , where , by stopping short in the middle of a sentence , the meaning was altogether perverted , and that they should be debarred from the privilege of rectifying the false impressions to which this conduct had given rise ? And he would ask , whether it was for those who had themselves set the example of publishing garbled extracts from official papers , which of all others ought to be considered as the most secret and confidential , to complain of his noble friend , particularly when it was recollected that he deemed it absolutely necessary to the justification of his own character , which had been most wantonly and falsely aspersed ? reminded the noble lord that it was a great breach of order in that house to refer or allude to any thing which had passed in another house of parliament . And if a breach of order had been committed and permitted in another place ; that was surely no reason why a similar breach of order should be tolerated by their lordships . He was clearly of opinion , that it was disorderly in any person who had been employed in a public capacity to read a part , or to disclose the contents of a public dispatch , without the leave of his majesty , to whom that dispatch was supposed to belong ; and he thought that they had already gone a very dangerous length in allowing a minute of a conversation , supposed to have passed between an accredited minister and a foreign sovereign , without his majesty 's permission to that effect . contended that his noble friend was not reading a dispatch