that resolution . The present was a bill precisely of the same nature , and the same course ought to have been pursued . The right hon . gent . opposite ( Foster ) was to move resolutions of the same sort with respect to Ireland ; and he would ask him , whether he would not feel it his duty to adopt the course which he had described ? replied , that all that was required by the Standing Order of 1772 , which had taken place of that of 1703 , was that any regulation as to trade should originate in a committee of the whole house , and a committee of ways and means was such . But , besides this , there was a clear difference between the Convoy Duty act and the present bill . There the alteration in the trade was the work of the legislature : here it was the work of the king , and . to make the alteration , he contended the king was fully , 697 competent . All that the legislature had to do with it was to impose the duty , and for that the committee of ways and means was the proper place . mentioned some of the clauses which went to make new regulations in trade , and touched incidentally upon the pernicious custom the house was getting into , of overlooking the principle of confining the ways and means within the limits of the supplies . The words of the Property Tax act placed the proceeds from time to time in the hands of ministers , so that they might have the supplies under that act without any committee of ways and means at all . The war-tax act placed some millions in the hands of ministers beyond the estimated supplies . On the principle he had stated , he strongly objected to the bill going forward without an estimate of the expected amount of the duties imposed . Returning to the essential ground of his objection , he said , that the king might regulate the mode in which ships were to come to England , but , he could not regulate the mode of their going out . There was also a clause for remitting forfeitures which could not be regulated by the crown . The bill , therefore , ought to be divided in order to proceed in the proper way . that there was a radical difference between the case of the Convoy . Duty bill and the present . There a distinct alteration in trade was made by the legislature , here it was made by the crown . The regulations in the bill were minute points , and it was customary in the committee of ways and means to allow such regulations as were not essential , in addition to the duties . that it was customary in the committee of ways and means to interfere in regulations respecting trade , such as in the instance of the expiring laws . Though the committee of ways and means was the only place for duties , yet , since 1772 , the house had been in the habit of admitting there of certain minute regulations , closely connected with these duties . Unless they were thus connected , the house would order a separate bill , originating in another committee . This was the principle , the house would apply it as it thought fit . that the question was , whether the regulations in question were such as the . Speaker had said might he adopted in the committee of wags and means , along with . the duties ? that there was something in the argument respecting forfeitures . He would therefore not object to the dividing of the bill when it came to the committee.ߞThe report was then received , and the bill ordered to be re-committed on Wednesday ; and , on the motion of Mr. Tierney , it was agreed , that there should be an instruction to the committee to divide the bill if it thought fit . He also gave notice ,