fleet which I am satisfied he is determined to employ in direct hostility against me ; I say that to adhere to the maxim on my part would be Fiat stultitia , ruat patriam . ' I say , prove such an intention and I am satisfied . But what is the proof offered ? His majesty 's minister says , no ! you shall have no proofs ; I can give you none without betraying the confidence of my spy , and he will be exposed to suffer . But , sir , in such a case , is his majesty 's minister to tell this house , `` though the character of the country is staked upon this issue , I will give you no proofs—and you must take my word . '' Why , sir , is this a ground to justify this house in voting implicit approbation to a measure of such evidence ? I think not : and I say that I for one will not now believe it ; although I did not suppose it possible that his majesty 's ministers would have ventured to prostitute the sacred authority of his majesty 's name to cover an assumption which they could not adduce one tittle of evidence to substantiate . I do not want , sir , to annex any authority to the expressions of the French government on this occasion . But I find in his majesty 's Declaration that he is informed there are Secret Articles in the Treaty of Tilsit for forming a confe- 75 deracy in the North of Europe highly hostile to this country , and to which Denmark is a party . Now , who made the treaty of Tilsit with France ? Not Denmark , but , your late ally the emperor of Russia . Do you attack Russia ? No ! no ! you pass by the principal , and you attack the supposed accessary : you bombard his capital , you send your bomboats and rockets to fire his city and massacre its inhabitants ; you seize his fleets ; you plunder his arsenals ; and after you have compleated this outrage , which nothing but the most imperious necessity could justify , what do you then do ? Why , you apply to the emperor of Russia , the principal in this hostile confederacy , only to mediate with Denmark ( an accessary bullied and seduced by his influence ) for a peace with you . Why did you not attack the principal ? Why not proceed against Cronstadt , and seize the fleet and arsenal ? Why did you not seize on the Russian fleet in the Mediterranean ? Why suffer three Russian ships of the line to sail through your squadrons unmolested ? How did you learn the Contents of the Secret Treaty at Tilsit ? Was the emperor of Russia your informant ? For he only was privy to it , as one of the confederating parties ; and yet it is this very emperor of Russia , and no body else , to whom you send an ambassador in order to coax him to an interference with Denmark for the restoration of peace with you , after the outrage you have precipitated upon that country . If your information was not true , your attack on Copenhagen can never be justified , and if the Treaty of Tilsit was the source and origin of this hostile confederacy , I assert that his majesty 's ministers deserve impeachment for not having attacked the principal as well as the accessary.—I shall next advert to another point highly important to the character of this country , namely the necessity for the attack of our arms on Copenhagen , Which I was informed his majesty 's Ministers would he fully able to justify , but for which they certainly as Yet have offered nothing like justification . I have heard from authority to which I am disposed to attach strong credit , that the emperor of Russia had taken every pains to persuade the prince of Denmark to join the confederacy against this country