or necessity which induced ministers to embark in such a violent and unwarrantable measure as the 1248 attack upon Copenhagen . He had as yet heard no argument or explanation to satisfy his mind on these points . He was therefore anxious , that some proof might be adduced that would demonstrate that necessity , and rescue the name and character of the country from the shame and degradation which that ill-starred expedition must otherwise fix upon them . It was , moreover , necessary to vindicate the individual character of Mr. Garlike , with whose dispatches ministers had taken a liberty unauthorized by any practice of parliament with which he was acquainted . The noble lord concluded with moving an Address to his majesty , praying that directions be given to lay before the house such Correspondence as had taken place between Mr. Garlike and the Secretary of State from Nov. 1806 to July 1807 , respecting the designs which , in conjunction with Russia , Denmark was supposed to be entertaining against tins country . observed , that if the noble earl had attended former debates , he must have known that the Papers he now moved for had already been refused , and that the motion , the object of which was to have them produced , had been negatived , after a mature and long discussion : such Papers having been produced in another place , was no reason why they should be laid before their lordships , the more so , as no special grounds had been stated for producing them , and as the subject to which they related had long since been thoroughly investigated and solemnly decided on . As no necessity whatever was shewn for the production of such papers at the present moment , he thought himself perfectly justified in opposing the motion which had been proposed by the noble earl . argued in support of the motion . When these very documents were moved for in another place , they had been refused on the plea that the production of them might be detrimental to the public interests ; yet , when the same papers were afterwards moved for in order to vindicate the character of an individual , all apprehensions of public danger vanished , and in order to clear the character of that individual , the correspondence was produced . The noble lord concluded with a warm panegyric on the conduct of Mr. Garlike , which in all the situations that gentleman had been placed in , was uniformly marked by ability , integrity , and zeal . most cheerfully coin- 1249 cided in every praise that could be bestowed on Mr. Garlike , of whose merits he had long been so convinced , that he had omitted no opportunity of recommending him for promotion to his majesty . As to the Copenhagen Expedition , every thing that had since happened , only confirmed him in the opinion of the expediency , indeed the absolute necessity of that expedition . supported the motion , contending that the house were still very imperfectly informed upon this subject . He did not approve of making public a whole series of diplomatic correspondence , of that they had in one instance experienced the ill effects , but in this case he thought it important that the information asked for should be granted , in order that the house might be better enabled to discuss these points immediately connected with it . conceiving that the noble lord had alluded to the correspondence laid before parliament when he ( lord Mulgrave ) quitted the foreign office , entered into a justification of his conduct upon that occasion , and said , that if there was any thing to blame in that transaction , noble lords ought to have made it the subject of inquiry . In the course of his speech he alluded to the appointment of Mr. Adair to Vienna , and to the rumours respecting the supposed secret mission of that gentleman upon a former occasion to St. Petersburgh , which probably a noble lord on the other side ( the