supposing for a moment that the emperor of the French was desirous of obtaining peace , through any channel by which he could effect his object ; finding that he had failed at St. Petersburgh , by the date it will appear that he renewed his offer through the means of the court of Vienna , at the very first moment at which by possibility it could be renewed . There is just time for the news of the total failure of the Russian mediation to have arrived at Paris , and for a communication to have been made by the count de Metternich ( the Austrian ambassador at the court of the Thuilleries , ) to the prince de Stahremberg in London , between the 29th of Oct. and the 20th of Nov. Sir , I do not build much upon this , but at the same time 828 there is a coincidence of dates , which at least will justify some observation upon the fact . To this note of the 20th of Nov. a cold and distant Answer [ p. 104 , ] is returned by the English secretary of state : but such a one as did not prevent further intercourse . For on the 1st of Jan. 1808 , another very short Note [ p. 105 , ] is delivered by the prince de Stahremberg to Mr. Canning , to which I beg to call the serious attention of the house , and even to the particular construction of the phrases of it . First , Sir , I deem the communication of the 20th of Nov. to have been a renewal of the offer made on the 18th of April , and not to be an absolutely new offer in itself ; and therefore that the court of Vienna meant England to understand , that in this renewed proposition , she included the whole of her original offer of mediation ; and that all the conditions said by her to be necessary for bringing the negociation to a happy issue , ( and particularly that of including all the powers engaged in the war on both sides , ) was referred to , and remained in full force . If I am right in this assumption , there could be no ground for doubt as to the true interpretation of any equivocal phrase that might be used by the prince de Stahremberg : but even without such assumption , I think I am warranted in saying that the very terms of the prince de Stahremberg 's letter conveyed the same offer . Sir , the prince de Stahremberg says , that he has the orders of his own court , and conforms to the desire of the court of the Thuilleries in giving the information with which he is then charged , and that he is ordered to propose in consequence of the pacific dispositions evinced by his Britannic majesty , in his note of the 23d of November , that plenipotentiaries shall be immediately sent to Paris , to treat for the re-establishment of peace . Now , sir , I beg to quote the French expression , `` entre toutes les puissances actuellement en guerre avec l'Angleterre . '' [ p . 105 . ] The translation given to this phrase is , `` for the establishment of peace between all the powers at present at war with England . '' This upon the face of it is wrong ; it can not be meant the establishment of peace between all the powers at war with England to the exclusion of England , which is the strict grammatical import of these words . But having thus made a false translation , Mr. Canning in his answer to the prince de Stahremberg 's note , builds upon it a reasoning which leads us to sup- 829 pose that he interpreted the French original as follows , `` between England and all the powers in alliance against her , '' ( to the exclusion of the powers in alliance with her ) . That , Sir , I say is not a fair interpretation