the British nation.—His lordship concluded by saying , that in his view of this transaction , we had comparatively gained little in point of strength 363 but lost every thing in point of character ; and he was apprehensive we should deeply lament the day , when the people of England had been taught to receive the spoils of Copenhagen as naval trophies , Turno tempus erit , magno cum optaverit emptum `` Intactum Pallanta ; et cum spolia ista , diemque , `` Oderit ! `` — Under all these circumstances , the noble earl considered it his duty to support the motion of the noble duke ; not only , because an adequate justification of the attack upon Copenhagen did not appear to have been made out ; but , because the house was not in possession of sufficient documents to give authority and effect to its proceedings . feared , if the noble earl had not been convinced by the arguments urged with so much force and eloquence by the noble marquis , that he should fail to convince him : he thought it his duty , however , shortly to state the grounds of his own opinion . The intentions of France , with respect to Denmark , and the ability of the latter power to resist , appeared to him so evident , that he thought ministers would have been highly culpable , if they had not resorted to measures to secure the Danish fleet from the grasp of the enemy . A learned and noble lord ( Erskine ) had rested great part of his arguments against this measure on the law of nations ; but if one belligerent power set aside the law of nations , and substituted its own law to which neutrals chose to conform , another belligerent power had a right to treat those neutrals in the same manner as they suffered themselves to be dealt with . If one power acted in defiance of the law of nations , and could not be coerced into an observance of it , that law which had been established by common consent , was for the time abrogated , and another power ought not to be bound by it to its own detriment . In this point of view , and with the situation of Europe before our eyes , he considered the justification of the attack on Copenhagen complete , nor did he want further documents to prove its necessity . It required a much broader principle to support the expedition to Constantinople , which was undertaken solely for Russian interests . The object of the expedition to Copenhagen was to avert a danger from this country . He could readily conceive that many of those who supported the expedition to Copenhagen , might object to 364 the expedition to Constantinople , but he could not conceive upon what ground those who supported the latter could object to the former . said , that he had some difficulty in persuading himself , when the noble lord was speaking , who had just sat down , that he was in a British house of parliament . All excuses he found were now given up , for a dereliction of those high principles of national honour which it had long been our boast and our glory to maintain inviolate , and the only apology that was pleaded for the commission of an act which had left an indelible stain upon our character , was , that it was matter of mere speculative convenience . Much had been said , though in his opinion but little to the purpose , of the hostile intentions of the present ruler of France . No one doubted of those intentions ; but where was the evidence that there was any collusion on the part of Denmark ; and unless such collusion was proved , how were we to be justified for venting upon Denmark the hostility which we owed to France ? Putting this consideration , however , wholly aside , it had been said that it was merely possible that the Danish fleet would have fallen