relief in their distressed situation . The noble viscount , adverting to the subject of peace , took occasion to applaud the conduct of a noble lord ( Milton ) in Yorkshire , who had exalted his character , by dissuading the people there from petitioning for peace . There was no ground for calling in question the disposition of ministers to make peace , when it could be done with security and honour to the country : The way to restore peace was , to adopt a plan of expenditure that should enable us to carry on the war , and to convince the enemy of the hopelessness of his pursuing it with a view of ruining our finances . It was in vain to look for a secure peace , unless a military system should be adopted , that would be available in peace as well as in war . The noble lord again declared , that he could not concur in the address , unless the part alluded to was omitted . defended the expedition to Copenhagen ; and maintained , that self-protection was a leading principle of the law of nations . There wanted no greater proof of the inability of the Danish government to resist the power of 16 France , and the determination of the latter power to compel it to join in hostility against this country , than their joining the Northern confederacy , in 1801 , and alleging as a reason for it , their inability to resist the power of Russia . It was in vain , therefore , to urge , that Denmark might have resisted the power of France , and thus draw an inference against the expedition , as it was evident she could not ; added to which , she had repeatedly evinced hostility against this country . Much had been said against the extraordinary and unprecedented nature of this expedition ; but there was a precedent of a very recent date , in the conduct of the late administration , with respect to Turkey ; and he did not conceive it more probable that the Turkish fleet should sail into the English channel than the Danish . rose and spoke as follows : —There are so many points , my lords , in the speech which has been this day delivered to the house , that appear to me necessary to be adverted to , that I should do injustice to my feelings if I did not endeavour to state them to your lordships . No noble lord could come into this house with a more anxious wish and expectation , with a more sincere desire than I did this night , that at a period like the present , every petty contest and private difference should be sacrificed to the greater object of unanimity , in an address to the throne . At a period which , as the speech expresses it , may be called the crisis of our fate ; when . it becomes now a question , whether the British empire , the growth of so many ages ; whether the British constitution , which has for so long a period promoted and extended the interests and happiness of the empire , whether these shall now be overthrown and crumbled into ruins . At such a period , I was led anxiously to expect , it was my most earnest wish and desire , that every petty triumph , that every little feeling , would have been given up and merged in the great cause of the country ; that the house would not have been called upon to pledge itself upon disputed points , or to approve of measures without any evidence of their necessity or utility . It was to have been expected , particularly from those who were the friends of our illustrious statesman , now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose name can never be mentioned without that tribute which is due to his great and exalted merits , that they would have followed his example , in abstaining from those points which so immediately 17