this country was certain , extreme , and imminent , and the possession of the Danish ships the only means of averting it , creating together a case of urgent necessity , leaving his majesty 's ministers no choice , but , to use their own words , while it was yet time , to seize the fleet and stores , and in order to obtain them , to bombard the capital and destroy its inhabitants.—Sir , but as to the case of necessity , it is my sincere opinion , that had the danger been made out , the necessity could not have been inferred , and this , I know not how , seems to have been too much taken for granted even by those who deny , and justly , the existence of such necessity . We look too much at our own fears , and too little at the other link of the chain , the means of delivering us from danger by the possession of the Danish , ships and stores . This latter part of the necessity we have never been suffered to dwell upon , but it has been hurried away from our contemplation almost as soon as it has been offered to it . Ministers have the courage to say , as I have already observed , that they have saved their country , because they have seized the ships in a way much more likely to endanger than to secure us.—They say they have worked a miracle , but , alas , there are no believers.—Saviours of their country ! —They have at least the reward of virtue , although without its merit , for it seems that they are happy in their own approbation.—But these are vain boastings to conceal their fears , and vainer self praise to conceal their humiliation.—Sir , we have riot got possession of the fleet of Denmark—the fleet—the fleet of Denmark , this is the constant boast.—We have only the ships , the carcasses , while the living , animating , principle has escaped from our grasp—and is gone 1195 to assume some new and terrible form in aid of our bitterest and most powerful enemies . We have left behind us , the real dangerous enemies , the sailors , the harbours , the docks , the resources of Denmark ; and we have obtained the hulls of ships , valued at less than one quarter of the sum which is the usual estimate of our efficient vessels , and we have lost what might have been must have been ours , had not our affairs been mismanaged . We have lost in Zealand the outpost which must have been the impregnable defence of this country.—Sir , the words and the images are not pleasant , but I know not how else to illustrate the exploit of ministers , than by saying that they have taken the empty purse and : a few copper coins , but have left the silver and gold for a more dextrous and sagacious robber.—Sir , in the Declaration , and in the Speech , and in the Proclamation , and in the arguments of ministers , after the most earnest and patient examination , I can find nothing but what is frivolous and unproved , but a constant reference to the power and inveteracy of France . Still some flourishing declamation against the inveterate enemy , though less than heretofore pressing against him the charges of being a violator of the laws of nature and nations . This one argument is to serve the same purpose , that of supplying the deficiency of all others . Is the argument from the secret articles a little the worse for being exposed to examination ? —A tirade against France and her misdeeds is the resource ; —is the proof of the 'hostility , ' & c. of the 'inability , ' & c. Still the same dish in every course.—Beef at top , at bottom , and on each side , hot , cold , and réchauffé ; and declared , like brother Peter 's crust , to be at