was a period of the war most favourable for them , and that they might have led to peace . There was a third course ; that of suspicion , petulance , and half confidence , to which the evil genius of England directed the councils of her ministers . This was a course which was sure to fail ; a course which must necessarily bring discredit upon the government of the country . It has failed , it has brought discredit upon the councils of the king , and what appears to me to have been a golden opportunity for entering into a negotiation , has been irretrievably lost.—I now pass on to the series of papers relative to the mediation of Austria . The first of these carries us back to the 18th of April 1807 , when it appears that Austria made an offer of her mediation to all the belligerent powers . The offer of Austria and the answer of England , are both of them conceived in the most dignified and appropriate terms . I do not know that there is any reason to make further observation upon the two first papers , excepting so far as is necessary to call the attention of the house to one paragraph of the Austrian note , which is this : `` in considering how very complicated and extensive the present war is become , the emperor would think that he had but very imperfectly expressed his fervent desire for peace , and a hope of its complete and speedy re-establishment , if he did not at the same time state the entire conviction he feels , that it is only by the united endeavours of the powers principally concerned in the war , and by a negociation in common , which should embrace the whole of their reciprocal interests , that permanent tranquillity , and a secure and solid peace , can be attained , a peace which should secure the future political relations of Europe . '' And to the concluding sentence of the paragraph immediately succeeding that which I have quoted , in which it is said that the 827 essential relations of all the parties interested should as far as is practicable be combined . '' [ p . 102 . ] An official answer is returned by Mr. Secretary Canning in a Note dated the 25th of April , and I have no fault to find with that official document . [ p . 102 . ] It is only to be remarked that England acknowledges the intention of Austria that her mediation should be applied to all the powers concerned in the war on both sides . And the mediation is accepted upon that condition . This offer of mediation was issued on the same day to the courts of France , Petersburgh and London , but before all the answers could be received at Vienna , the events of war had reduced Russia and Prussia to the terms of the conqueror . I did expect that there would have been some supplementary documents between the note dated the 25th of April , and the next note which we find from the Prince de Stahremberg , dated on the 20th of November , but I have been informed that none such exist . On the 20th of Nov. the prince de Stahremberg addressed a note to Mr. Secretary Canning , by the positive order of his court , making the most urgent representations upon the importance of obtaining a pacification between England and France ; acknowledging the constant desire expressed by the court of St. James 's for the re-establishment of peace , and requesting to know what were the sincere intentions of his Britannic majesty at this time upon the same subject . [ p . 104 . ] I beg the house to attend to the date of this communication . The last note on the subject of the Russian mediation was delivered at St. Petersburgh on the 29th of Oct. ; the renewal of the offer of Austrian mediation was made at London on the 20th of Nov. Now