to a foreign court white an important and delicate negociation was pending between that court and his own , should he insinuate himself into the confidence of that court , and in his communications with his friends at home , give information directly the reverse of that transmitted by the king 's plenipotentiary , and by these means perplex the councils of ministers , and introduce confusion into the measures of government , —it would be a natural effect of that principle for which the hon . gent contended in his present motion . It would , he contended , be recurring to the system of double diplomacy , which had been acted upon in the reign of Louis XIV . when some young man was generally sent along with the accredited representative of the sovereign to foreign courts , who insinuated himself into the confidence of the prince , the minister , or the mistress of the minister , and who was employed as a check upon the correspondence of the ambassador , a system which he was convinced the house would not be of opinion as proper to adopt , in conducting the affairs of this country . replied , that the right hon . gent . had alledged , that the motion of his hon . friend was calculated to produce cross feelings [ Mr. Canning said across the 616 table , that he had applied the word cross , not to feelings , but to correspondence ] ; well , said Mr. P. a misunderstanding between two noble persons . This , he was sure , was an insinuation to which the house would not listen fur a moment . But , was the right hon . gent . serious when he talked of putting aside the character of lord Hutchinson , and if he did this because it happened to suit his purpose , did he suppose that he would acquiesce in the attempt so to do ? For this he must have the consent of two parties , and certainly he never would have his . He might wave the consideration of the noble lord 's character for himself , but he should not do so for him . Nor would he admit the puerile comparison which he had thought proper to institute between that noble person , and any young man who might be abroad on his travels . The communication now moved for , was considered of sufficient importance to be transmitted by his majesty 's ambassador to his government , and as it was necessary to enable the house to judge of the conduct of government , he could not see upon what grounds it could be reasonably withheld . expressed his surprize , that the right hon . gent . should have represented the motion of his hon . friend , as made for the invidious purpose of creating misunderstanding , at the same time that he himself introduced an allusion into his speech to air affair which had happened many years ago , at which time inquiry was challenged into all the circumstances , and in which a , gentleman was implicated , who since that time had held an official situation under his majesty 's government , and from whom the right hon . gent . himself , he believed , could not withhold the tribute of his approbation . At the very time too , that he professed to discuss the question upon its general merits , he had substituted for the character of lord Hutchinson , that of a young man who was a creation of his own fancy . If the right hon . gent . 's argument had any meaning at all , it was art attempt to quibble away the constitution of his country ; for he maintained , that if his doctrine of the obligation of secrecy was admitted to its full extent it would be in the power of any minister , by a private understanding with a foreign agent , to keep the public completely in the dark respecting the whole foreign relations of the empire . It would be