others , would have seen the ridicule that must redound upon himself , should he attempt to set up any such claim . denied that ever his majesty 's ministers had said they were in possession of the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit . The expression imputed to them was in his majesty 's Declaration , in answer to the Manifesto of Russia , in which it was stated that it was not unknown to his majesty , that secret articles had been agreed on in that Treaty , for either obliging this country to accept an ignominious and insecure peace , or forming a confederacy of all the naval powers of Europe against England , and more especially those of Denmark and Portugal . His majesty 's ministers had a communication of the substance of those Secret articles from the most unquestionable authority : and , assured as they were of the truth of that communication , they would have incurred the deepest criminality and disgrace , had they waited until an evil had actually occurred so perilous to our naval superiority and very existence itself . In his mind the best criterion of 72 the authenticity of the communication , and the conduct of government thereupon , was , to advert to the antecedent conduct of the present ruler of France , in seducing or forcing every other power on the continent into a confederacy with him against this country ; and when we then considered his means of attacking Denmark with a powerful army in Holstein , was it not probable that he would avail himself of his power of oppressing Denmark , and possess himself of her ships , which , though they were now . in our hands , and might decay in 20 years , would not have decayed in his hands before the opening of the spring , when , in all probability , they would have been employed in carrying troops for the invasion of Ireland . But , there was another proof which had since occurred to , support the veracity of the intelligence respecting the secret articles at Tilsit , on which the government had acted towards Copenhagen ; namely , the attack on Portugal , and the march of a French army for the invasion of that country , and the seizure of its fortresses and its fleet . The latter , however , was happily preserved by the measures adopted by government , founded upon one and the same communication ; and would any man venture to say , that if this communication had not been promptly acted upon , that both those fleets would not have been this day in the possession of France ? rose and spoke as follows : —I never entered this house , sir , with so little expectation of having occasion to trespass on its attention as I did this day ; and until I heard the speech of the right hon . gentleman who has just sat down , I never felt the least disposition to obtrude upon its notice . But , sir , I would now , while that speech is yet tingling in our ears , and fresh in our memories , call the observation of this house to the pitiful , petty-fogging , quibbling justification set up by his majesty 's minister , upon a proceeding , in which the character and the renown of this country are so materially involved . Have his majesty 's ministers any know ledge of the facts upon which they pretend to justify the proceedings against Copenhagen ? Have they any authentic documents to spew to the house for their vindication upon a transaction so outrageous and unprecedented ? No , says the right hon . gentleman , we have not the contents of the secret articles at Tilsit , but we are in possession of the substance . 73 Sir , if they have the substance , why have they not produced it ? If you produce the article itself , you might certainly endanger your informant ; but , by giving in the substance , you expose