Oude . Had not sir John Shore revoked Mr. Cherry 's rash and unadvised assertion , that no further interference on the part of the British should take place in Oude , and had not the court of directors applauded him , for this revocation ? On what principle had sir John Shore himself interfered in the government of that province ? A man of more mildness , temperance , and moderation , he would also say of more integrity and ability , never existed . It was not to derogate from his administration to declare , that energy was not the characteristic of it ; and yet sir John Shore , espousing the cause of Vizier Ally , decided , at his own tribunal , who should be the prince of Oude . Would he have done this had he not felt his undoubted right of interference ? He had expressly told the company that he found it necessary to establish the British influence in Oude on a surer footing , because the two states were so connected , that without an over-ruling influence in Oude it would be impossible to keep Bengal . After all this , and much more , which he would not detain 1023 the house by stating , who could doubt that the right of interference was unquestionable , and that the noble marquis was the best judge as to the extent of that interference ? So much for that part of the subject . Did the occasion , then , call for the interference which the noble marquis exercised ? What was the situation of Oude at the time ? Zemaun Shaw , at the head of a formidable army , threatening Oude , the Mahrattas making no movement and sheaving no disposition to oppose him , and a large French force in the heart of Egypt . Well did he recollect the feelings of natives and Europeans in India at that period . Well did he recollect the doubt and dismay which existed before the noble marquis arrived , which he dispelled very soon after his arrival , and which never re-appeared during his continuance in the government . It was , indeed , a period of danger , and one which called loudly upon the noble marquis to do that which he did ; to interpose with a strong hand , and to put the military force of Oude in a state better calculated to repel the assailants , by which it was threatened . Sir John Craig , that most able and respectable officer , had demanded of the noble marquis a force of 20,000 men to meet the dangers that threatened Oude , not because he thought this force adequate to the object , but because he conceived that it was all that could be spared ; yet even this number , lord Wellesley was unable to grant him . It was true , that he had sent an embassy to Persia for assistance ; but the result of this embassy was contingent ; and was it therefore to preclude him from endeavouring to put Oude into a better posture of defence ? The civil state of Oude was this , half the army which ought to have been on the frontiers , to repel the menaced attack , was compelled to remain in the country to quell the rebellion , which the bad administration of affairs had occasioned . Even sir John Craig , with his small and inefficient force , had been obliged to leave two regiments at Lucknow , to defend the prince against his own subjects . By a letter from Mr. Lumsdale , it appeared , that even some of the frontier forts were in the hands of rebellious Zemindars . In these circumstances , was not the noble marquis completely justified in interfering to compel a mutinous army to obey its leaders , and a rebellious people to submit to their prince ? He did interfere—he obtained his objects . So completely did he change the character and disposition of the coun- 1024 try , that sometime afterwards , when a fair opportunity