. At the same time , therefore , that he approved of the measure , he thought it so obvious and unavoidable , that there was no occasion for voting any particular resolution of approbation of ministers . supported the Address . The expedition against Copenhagen was admitted on all hands to be a departure from the acknowledged rule and practice of nations ; and in order to justify this deviation , ministers ought to have proved that they neglected no means which might be calculated to stimulate Denmark to active exertions in her own defence ; that Denmark was incapable of defending herself with the assistance of this country , which could only be done satisfactorily by the report of military officers ; that in consequence of the expedition they had procured for the country a substantial and permanent security . They ought also to have proved that the expedition was defensible , as well on the ground of policy as of justice . But as there was no evidence in the papers which had been laid before the house to prove any one of these positions , he should certainly vote fur the Address . vindicated the conduct of government , and thought it not right to do so by a silent vote , but to state his reasons , that he might not seem to contradict his vote on a former night , relative to the subject of a treaty made in our India possessions . He said that France had issued her decree over the continent ; `` the house of Brunswick has ceased to reign . '' He defended the conduct of ministers in the attack upon Copenhagen from the hostile , sentiments which Denmark was known to entertain against this country on the late occasion , and which she had likewise manifested in 1780 and in 1801 . A great deal had been said upon the morality of the measure , but he reminded the house that ministers had a moral duty to perform to their own , as well as to other countries ; which was , to vindicate its rights , and to watch over its security and independence . Gentlemen also had talked much of the law of nations , forgetting the important circumstance , that now there were no nations on the continent of Europe but one . They had all been swallowed up in the vortex of France . Russia was France , Germany , was France , Prussia was France , Denmark was France ; 1220 the law of France was the law of nations , and what that law was , how equal , how moderate , how forbearing , gentlemen might judge . Let us not obey a name and a shadow , or call that a neutrality which , in fact , depended upon the dictates of France . Denmark had pursued a system of hostility against his nation in the year 1780 , had renewed it in 1801 , and had shewn a hostile mind in the last year . At each of these periods her cry-was the same , `` the liberty of the seas , and the pacification of Europe . '' He adverted to her wanton aggression against Hamburgh , when the prince of Hesse marched a body of troops into that place , and ordered it to surrender . He stated , that his connections at St. Petersburgh gave hire an opportunity to know that the public mind was set against us , from the date of the Treaty of Tilsit , and before the Danish expedition . That expedition was called at St. Petersburgh a spirited undertaking , but afterwards there was some vibration in the public sentiments , and the influence of France prevailed to keep up hostility against this country . considered the proceedings at Copenhagen as no breach of the law of nations . There was an engine of war which an enemy meant to turn against us , and we anticipated him by getting possession of it first . He shewed that the Danes were totally incapable of making any resistance in Holstein , and