had sustained from their forefathers . Sir , there is undoubtedly some levity in such a remark , but the right hon . gent . must be the last to complain of the introduction of levity into important affairs , and indeed it is very difficult to treat such arguments in a grave manner , or to honour such frivolous reasons with the ceremony of serious confutation.—Not-satisfied entirely to rest the proof of this hostility on such feeble grounds as these , the respectable authorities of lord Grey and Mr. Garlike have been introduced to support this accusation against the Danes : to both of whom have been imputed declarations of their belief in this supposed hostility . It is unnecessary for me , sir , to comment on the peculiar mischief that may arise from encouraging any minister to be at once so communicative a member of parliament of extracts from documents to answer a purpose in debate , and so reserved a minister when the whole of the documents are wanted by parliament to enable it to judge of the necessity of a new war ; because , sir , the futility and unfairness of such an imputation have been abundantly shewn by the subsequent defences of the noble lord , and by subsequent proceedings in this house . It is enough now for me to state , that neither the noble lord , nor our minister at the Danish court , did , in their dispatches , express any opinion of the sort that has been imputed to them . I am well aware that here , sir , there are topics of censure against the right hon . gent . which are fruitful enough and would be tempting , 1192 were it not that these circumstances have undergone a separate and serious discussion here , have incurred a solemn reproof elsewhere , and were it not also that I have no pleasure in dwelling upon the misconduct of that right hon . gent . of such extraordinary talents.—But , sir , in reference to the letter of lord Howick to Mr. Rist , I must say , that a most unstatesmanlike and illogical use is made of dispatches , if controversies of a commercial kind , however warm and eager , are to be considered as indications of a disposition to fixed political hostility , of a determination to aid the French in their endeavours , not merely to humble but to annihilate this country , to extinguish the light of the world , to beat down the head of the Protestantism of Europe , and , as I might have called it , before the fatal expedition which is the subject of our consideration , the bulwark of civilized society , and the last assertor of the humane and beneficial laws of nature , and of nations.—Sir , there is a peculiar , an allowed irritability to such commercial discussion—something of the spirit and of the haggling , and chaffering , even of the pettiest traders whose interests are at stake , enter into the discussion between the powers themselves , and have never before been considered as evidences of an alienation in our political relations.—If such disputes are to be taken as evidence of an intention to go to war , we never can hope to be at peace ; and here , sir , I can not but observe that many of the commercial regulations in France and in other countries of which we complain , they have an undoubted right to make even in peace.—But , sir , here too I need not content myself with observing that ministers have not offered even the semblance of proof ; for here , too , there are not wanting presumptions , and proofs of a positive kind , tending to discredit wholly this unfounded charge against the Danes.—In the first place , no such charge is made in the Proclamation issued by lord Gain-bier and lord Cathcart , nor is any such made in the Declaration , which only slightly intimates that Denmark might be hostile , because she was once before engaged in