and it was not till he saw him enter upon a line of policy bad in itself , and disapproved of by the company at home , that he changed his opinion . It should appear from the papers on the table that our frontier was in danger , and it was necessary to secure it ; that would be a full justification of the noble marquis 's conduct ; but if , on the other hand , it was evident that no further security was necessary , and that his system went only to destroy the independence of every native power in alliance with us , and to interfere with their internal government , a double portion of censure ought to Fall on him . In order to shew this to be the case , he would consider the subject under four heads ; 1 . The rights of the nabob of Oude by treaty . 2 . His conduct under these stipulations . 3 . The negociation which was pursued for the purpose of procuring the disbanding of his troops ; and 4 . The negociation which compelled him to cede the half of his territory in commutation of his kilts . The hon . gent . then entered upon a detail of the circumstances that led Saudut Ally to the musnud , and went through the articles of the Treaty concluded between him and . the company in 1798 , and contended , that the danger of invasion from Persia was as great at that time as it was at any future period . From this circumstance he drew the conclusion , that as the territory of Oude was not seized when the treaty was concluded by sir John Shore , there never was a future occasion for re- 1118 sorting to such a measure . And what was the reason assigned for not seizing it ? because it would ruin our character for justice and forbearance over all Hindostan . The treaty was concluded , and government pronounced it to contain every thing beneficial and desirable , and to be fully competent to the security of the interests of both parties . The nabob was sincerely attached to , and zealous in the service of the company ; to whom , on a pressing occasion , he gave money from his private treasures , and his family horses for the purpose of mounting a regiment . We were , therefore , in every sense bound to the strict observance of the treaty ; yet what would they say , judging fairly and impartially , when ten months after , they found the governor-general determined to break through it—to pursue the system of wresting the Dwab from the nabob , interfering in his civil government , and disbanding his troops . From several letters , this appeared to be his determination , and it was postponed a twelve-month by the more important affairs of the Mysore , which were no sooner settled than Mr. Lumsden was recalled from Lucknow , and Col. Scott was appointed resident there . It was then they proceeded with violence to procure the dismissal of the nabob 's troops , for the purpose of spreading their own over his dominions , and taking the collection of the revenue , as well as the authority of governing , out of his hands . He called upon the house , to consider in this place the representation made by the nabob ( which he read ) ; and , he was sure , if they did not feel for the cruelty and aggression that had been exercised towards him , they would be destitute of those feelings which a British parliament was never yet found to want . Yet , to this representation , so humble and so expressive of attachment , the most harsh and severe answer was returned by the governor-general . It made no alteration in his plans ; and he went on with them in direct Violation of the treaty , and that in a manner calculated to degrade the nabob in the eyes of his people . These measures