referred to the said committee , said , that as he did not expect that any opposition would be made to the proposition which he should have the honour to make , he did not think it necessary to preface it with many observations . He should , therefore , simply mention the circumstances connected with the subsidy stipulated to be granted to the king of Sweden , together with the grounds on which the engagement had been entered into , trusting that the liberality and wisdom of the house would enable his majesty to make good these engagements . The fidelity and steadiness of the king of Sweden in adhering in every circumstance , and under every change of fortune , to his connection with this country , was matter of universal admiration . It was true , that the circumstance of ' this fidelity , exciting admiration , was not of itself a sufficient ground on which to grant pecuniary assistance . But the fact was , that the former treaty of Subsidy which had for its object the defence of Pomerania alone , expired as soon as the king of Sweden withdrew his force from Germany . The engagements which it contained were formed with a view to his co-operation with this country and the other powers of the north of Europe in that particular spot , and this force having been withdrawn in the month of Oct. last , the arrears of subsidy were paid up , and from that time down to the signing of the late treaty , his Swedish majesty had neither asked nor received any pecuniary succours from G. Britain . In 1161 the interval , a case had arisen in which his Swedish majesty had been called on , not merely to conclude a peace with France , but to join the confederacy against this country ; which proposition he had not hesitated to reject , and , in consequence of the rejection of this proposition , he was now placed in the situation of being obliged to defend his own dominions . In these circumstances , this country , he thought , was bound by every consideration , whether moral or political , to come forward to his aid , and trusting that upon this general proposition there would be no difference of opinion , he should simply state the engagements that had been contracted . In the greater number of treaties of subsidy which had been contracted with foreign powers , the subsidies had been granted to procure the active co-operation of such powers in carrying on offensive hostilities against the common enemy . But in the present case , certain pecuniary succours were stipulated to be granted to a power not for the purpose of achieving conquest , but to enable that power to defend its own dominions , which were attacked in consequence of its steady attachment to British interests . Such a treaty of subsidy was not , however , unprecedented in its nature . A similar subsidy had been granted to the king of Prussia in the 7 years war . In other treaties of subsidy it had been usual to stipulate the amount of the force to be employed by the power subsidized , and the particular periods at which that force was to be brought into the field . But in the present case , as well as in the treaty of subsidy with the king of Prussia , to which he had just referred , it had been thought unnecessary to clog the treaty with any such stipulation . The only difference there was between the present treaty and the model on which it was formed was , that in the present instance government had reserved to itself a power of controul , by making it payable in monthly instalments , which was not reserved in the other , the whole sum having been advanced to the king of Prussia at once , leaving him to dispose of it as he judged proper . The whole sum stipulated to be advanced was 1,200,000l . ; 100,000l . of which had been already