delivered himself to the house , he could assure him it had entirely relieved him from the doubt and anxieties so natural to a person in his situation . The hon . and learned gent . according to the tactics of accusation , had bestowed great part of his argument to prove that no advantage was to be taken of official situation , and that no information was to be communicated to parliament but in a regular form , either by command of his majesty , or in consequence of an address . If this principle was to be adopted in consequence of the hon . and learned gent . 's motion ; if the doctrine was now to be laid down , that no minister was to convey any information , except in that particular form—it would be impossible for the business of the country to go on . Where would the hon . and learned gent . draw the line ? Would he say , that to answer a question would be perfectly correct , but to receive voluntary intelligence would be inadmissible ? But if communication according to the practice which , he was confident , he would be 906 able to prove before he sat down had existed , were to be made , in what way was it to be done ? Should it not be either in the way of summary , or by extract ? The reasons for preferring the latter were obvious ; and considering the candour with which , on all occasions , he had been treated by the gentlemen on the opposite side , he concluded they would not maintain that the extract was not correctly stated . The hon . and learned gent . complained of the injury which the diplomatic character of some of his friends sustained by withholding some parts of the correspondence , and reading others . But had not that been always the case ? In one part of the hon . and learned gent . 's speech he cordially concurred . He joined with him in condemning the practice which had prevailed of late years , of laying , upon every trifling occasion or petty provocation , voluminous and mischievous extracts before parliament . It would afford him the highest satisfaction , if that or any other discussion would have the effect of checking a practice productive of such very great inconvenience . The hon . and learned gent . in the course of his profound parliamentary research , could discover but two instances in which this practice , which he reprobated so severely , had prevailed ; and both these , he thinks , are decisive against the practice because the persons who resorted to it met that censure , which it was the object of the hon . gent . to heap upon him . The first was the instance of the duke of Newcastle , who was rebuked for reading an extract from a dispatch . The next instance was that of lord Melville , who was reprimanded by Mr. Fox for an attempt of the same kind . And by whom was he rebuked ? Was it by an impartial authority , holding the balance with an even hand , or by a zealous political opponent , engaged in a virulent political war , who would have taken the same advantage of lord Melville . that the hon . gent . sought to take of him ? But Mr. Pitt , it was said , abstained from the practice . Now , had the hon . gent . searched the modern records with the same zeal he did the old Parliamentary Journals , he would have found , this unconstitutional , this never-to-be-sufficiently-reprobated practice sanctioned by the authority of that very person . He would produce an instance to shew that Mr. Pitt did not think the practice improper . In the debate which took place in the year 1800 , on the overtures to France , the discussion principally turned on the 907 pacific disposition of the administration . On that occasion , Mr. Pitt , in the course