people in their dangers , sacrifices , and privations ; and therefore praying the house not to relax in their endeavours in carrying so necessary and beneficial a measure into effect , and causing enquiries to be made into the receipt , management , and , expenditure of the public money , adopting measures which may effectually guard against such abuses in future and for abolishing all unnecessary places and pensions , as well 1302 in reversion as otherwise , as the best means of consolidating the strength of the empire , and calling forth the united energies and exertions of the people at a time so necessary for the safety and security of his majesty 's dominions . `` —Ordered to lie upon the table . in a committee of ways and means , rose , to submit the propositions , of which he had given notice , respecting the transfer of the duty for licences to shoot game , from the Stamp Duty to the Assessed Taxes , and for consolidating the additional 10 per cent . with the Assessed Taxes , to the consideration of the committee . As to the first point , he should only observe , that it was notorious that the duty was evaded in a variety of cases , a circumstance which could not take place when the duty was transferred to the Assessed Taxes , in consequence of the mode in which the Assessed Taxes were collected . Upon this head , therefore , he should propose a Resolution to the committee , that the present duties on Game licences do cease , in order that others should be granted in the Assessed Taxes in lieu of them . When the Bill that was to be founded upon this resolution , should be brought in , gentlemen would have an opportunity of considering how far the provisions it was to contain would be efficient to its object . Under the present system , much inconvenience was felt by those gentlemen who happened to reside at a distance from the county town , in obtaining their certificates from the clerk of the peace . This inconvenience would be wholly removed by the arrangement which he proposed , for the certificates would be forwarded to the collector of the district , to be issued on the production , by the person requiring it , of the receipt for the payment of the duty . Since the subject had been under his consideration , several communications had been received , which represented that the evasions were chiefly practised by persons pretending that they were shooting woodcocks and snipes , whilst , in reality , they were engaged in pursuit of game . In order to remove this source of evasion , therefore , it was deemed desirable to include woodcocks and snipes in the enumeration of game . The other proposition that he had to submit to the committee , was a resolution for the consolidation of the 10 per cent . additional to the Assessed Taxes granted the year be- 1303 fore the last , with the Assessed Taxes . It would be remembered , that at the time this addition had been brought forward to make up the deficiency in the ways and means of the year , which had arisen from the abandonment of the iron tax . The stage of the session did not admit of that mature consideration which was desirable . The consequence was , therefore , that in almost every instance there were fractional payments , which the committee would feel it right to do away . For this purpose , he proposed to add 2 per cent . upon the whole , and in all the lower classes to reduce the payment , in case of a fraction , to the next integer ; and in the higher classes to raise it to the integer immediately above , so that the whole addition being at the rate of one in fifty , would give an addition of 110,000l . upon 5,500,000l . the present amount of the Assessed Taxes . But , the effect of lowering