he examined it in reference to national law , and here it was extremely important not to confound the law of retaliation with the law of self-preservation . The latter was paramount to all laws , and might justify even such a horrible act as the attack upon Copenhagen , provided the case was clearly and satisfactorily made out . The right of retaliation on the other hand , could only with justice be exercised upon an enemy , and could not be extended to the detriment of a neutral power . If a neutral power granted certain advantages to the enemy , then we had an undoubted right to insist upon being admitted to the same advantages ; or if a neutral power acquiesced , from weakness , in the demands of the enemy , all that we could in justice require was , that in consequence of this demand the enemy should not be placed in a better situation in regard to her than we were . But we had ho right , because the enemy violated the rights of one neutral , to violate the rights of all neutrals ; for if this principle were once admitted , it would lead to an extension of hostilities over the whole civilized world . He then applied these general principles to the present case . The meaning of the French Decree was , he allowed , to put the ports of G. Britain in a state of blockade ; but if a measure was to be founded upon it by the government of this country , it ought to be directed to its effects , not to the form in which it was expressed . The first question , then , which arose was , whether it had ever been executed against America , or acquiesced in by the government of the United States ? for if it should turn out that it never had been applied to the commerce of America , and that it never had been submitted to by that power , the framers of the Orders in Council had not a foot of ground on which to stand . Now , his lordship asserted , that Denmark , immediately after the Decree was published , received explicit assurances from the French government that it did not go to capture the ships of neutrals trading upon the high seas , but that its object was merely to prescribe the terms on which the ships of foreign nations were to be admitted into the ports of France . The same explanation of the nature and tendency of the Decree was 480 given to America , and as a proof of the sincerity of the explanation , an American vessel , which was carried into a French port , was released by order of their court of admiralty . It was understood in the same manner in Spain , and ship , which was carried into a port of that kingdom , under similar circumstances , was released by order of their court of prizes . But even supposing that the French decree did not admit of this mitigated construction , it would by no means follow that we had a right to publish orders which amounted to a total prohibition of American commerce , till we saw what steps America would take in consequence of it . The government of Denmark had submitted to the decree , which accounted for the spirited note written by his noble friend ( earl Grey ) on the occasion , in reply to a very insolent one that had been received ( p. 402 ) . But , a different language had been held to America , because her conduct was the reverse of that of Denmark ; and because at that time a negotiation was then depending between this country and the United States by which all their differences were likely to be adjusted.—Here the noble lord repelled the accusation which had been brought against his two noble friends who negociated the treaty , of their having made any unbecoming concessions in the course of that negociation . He ventured