continent , according to the intelligence which he had re- 727 ceived , was well supplied with bark , and with sugar for two years consumption , so that it must be a long time before the right hon . gent . 's scheme could operate . Sugar was cheaper there than it had been this time 12 months . Upon the view which the right hon . gent . had of the subject , therefore , his measure was the most childish and nugatory that could be conceived . In another view , however , it was most detestable , for it was a war with the helpless , the sick , and the hospitals , —one at which the feelings of all mankind would revolt . It was reviving the savage practices of remote antiquity , and substituting them for that modern civilization which rendered even war itself less horrible . Bark grew in our enemy 's colonies , and though the right hon . gent . should send tens of thousands of poor sick persons to their graves , yet the enemy would have the means of a severe retaliation , for they might say , that we should have no bark from their colonies . But , did the right hon . gent . know so little of the science of medicine , as not to have heard , that there were many substitutes for bark ? There were many instances in history to illustrate the bad effects of an atrocious and malicious hostility of this kind , and the good effects of generosity . It was not very long since an application was made for bark by France to this country ; and the answer was , that they might have as much as they could carry away . But this turned out to be a mere private speculation ; for so little was it wanted , that the French government prohibited its entrance . He sincerely hoped that this part of the bill would be given up . If you prevented the removal of disease , you must , on the same principle , wish its increase ; and this principle would lead to the promotion of pestilence , poison , and assassination . If it once became the policy of this country to starve the continent , the evil might be visited on ourselves . The ports of the Baltic were shut ; and we were provoking a war with America , while we might be in want of corn . If we pressed this , they might say that we might starve ; and reap in that fatal vengeance the fruits of our own detestable policy . observed , that the arguments of the hon . gent . applied to the provisions of another bill which it was his intention to bring in , not to the clause under consideration , which went only to impose a duty on the exportation of Jesuits Bark . But the statement 728 of the hon . gent . refuted itself . If France had the supply he asserted , France could suffer no practial inconvenience from the measure . The information upon which he acted , however , represented France as much in want of bark , and that there were many orders received in London for the supply of that article to the continent . As to the policy of the prohibition , he should state that his object was , that as the exportation would be permitted by licence , under certain circumstances , France should not be allowed to receive that article , without taking , at the same time , other articles from this country . The effect expected , was to break down that barrier which France had raised against the commerce of this country . There would be no difficulty felt in obtaining any quantity of this article , the moment the enemy took off his prohibition from the importation of other articles ; the inconvenience , therefore , which might be felt , was not to he imputed to this country : what difference , he would ask