Portugal ; and contended , that after the orders which had been given by them on that subject , they came forward with a very bad grace to censure his majesty 's present government for what had been done by them at Copenhagen . The noble lord had expressed his confidence , that Denmark would not have forsaken her neutrality , and that she would have been neither cajoled by the persuasion , nor influenced by the menaces of France , to have made common cause with her against G. Britain , 381 had it not been for the measures adopted by the British government . What ground had the noble lord for this conviction ? Let the house recollect the former conduct of Denmark , when , in two instances , in the armed neutrality of 1780 , and in the confederation of 1801 , she opposed herself to the maritime rights of this country ; and in the latter instance in particular , in direct contradiction to the most solemn engagements , recently concluded ; and let them then lay their hands on their hearts , and say , whether a different course was to be expected from the Danish court on this occasion , or whether there was not on the contrary infinitely greater reason than ever to believe that the Danes would unite with the enemy against us . A noble lord had said that the Danish ships were not worth having . The last administration , however , would have been very glad to have got the Turkish ships if they could have seized them , which were certainly not half so good ; but by no very singular tortuity of reason in the noble lords opposite , every measure was laudable which they endeavoured to effect , and every measure was culpable which his majesty 's present government had succeeded in effecting . But the noble lord was in error , the Danish fleet was well worth bringing away . It consisted of 16 sail of the line , which united to the 13 Russian ships , would have formed a fleet of near 40 ships—a formidable navy , and one that might have involved this country in evils of considerable magnitude . Could such means of annoyance have been looked at without apprehension ? Would it not have been necessary for us to relax the blockade of several of the enemy 's ports ; and would not such a relaxation have enabled the enemy 's squadrons to escape for the purpose of attacking our colonial possessions , and doing us other irreparable mischief ? There might be a great deal of magnanimity in the power of contemplating so much danger without inquietude : but , for his part , he preferred the prudence which prevented us from incurring it . A great deal had been said on the absurdity of allowing the Russian fleet to navigate the seas at pleasure , at the time that this serious attack had been made upon the Danish marine . Now , the fact was , that orders had been dispatched to our officers , not to permit a Russian fleet to go into an enemy 's port . It was not want of caution that had admitted the entrance into the Tagus of a 382 Russian squadron , but want of wind and favourable weather , by which sir S. Smith was prevented from reaching the Tagus until two days after that squadron had got in . It was ludicrous to hear a noble earl talk of the Danish fleet as being the same that it was eight and forty years ago ; this assertion reminded him of the sailor , who , passing the Horse Guards in his way from the Admiralty down to Portsmouth , saw one of the dragoons mounted at his post ; on his return after a ten years absence , he observed another dragoon in the same place . Conceiving it to be the same man , he whimsically exclaimed , 'Ah ! damn you , are you there yet ! ' He supposed the Danish fleet was like the