that he would then move for the reference of the matter of regulation to 4 committee of trade . rose to move that the order for taking into consideration the Petition complaining of the undue election for the borough of Great Grimsby , should be discharged . The grounds upon which his motion rested were , that the standing order of the house had not been . complied with by the petitioner in the last session ; that order requiring that the petitioner should give in a statement of his qualification within 15 days after notice to that effect had been served upon him , subsequent to the presenting his petition . Such notice had been given to the petitioner last session , but no qualification had been accordingly given in ; and thus the qualification had , within the regular time after the renewal of the petition in the present session , been re , turned to the house , in the absence of any precedent , since the enactment of the Grenville act , that the house should be governed by the analogy of its practice , antecedent to the passing of that act , which would be fatal to the claim of the petitioner to be heard . He therefore moved that the order be discharged . stated , that he agreed with the learned gent . as to the practice of the house antecedent to the passing of the 10th of the king , the Grenville act . But he contended , since the enactment of that statute , which transferred all jurisdiction on matters of controverted election from the house to . the committees chosen under it , it was not competent to time house to discharge any order for a committee to determine the merits of ; an election , in any other manner than as prescribed by the act . The whole jurisdiction rested with the committee , which alone was to decide upon the question specting the qualification , and therefore the house could not have power to discharge the order pursuant to the motion of the hon . gent—After a few words from 699 Mr. Croker , the motion was negatived Without a division . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration the papers ; and on the question that they be now take into consideration , rose to give his negative to the proposition , . for two reasons : in the first place , because it was impossible for the house to come to a decision upon the conduct of the marquis Wellesley , without at the same time deciding upon the general question of Indian policy ; and in the second place , because it was quite impossible that gentlemen could so have digested materials which would fill seven volumes , and which had been collected from the administration of that country , during a Period of 17 years , which had been moved for by different persons , and with different views , and which brought into comparison the administrations of lord Teignmouth and the marquis Cornwallis with that of the marquis Wellesley , as to be able to decide upon the merits of that complicated system with which the conduct and character of the last mentioned nobleman were inseparably interwoven . The papers were in such confusion that it was indispensibie that they should be arranged before they . could be perused , so as to convey the information necessary to enable the house to form a judgment upon the facts to which they related ; and though he was pretty generally acquainted with them ; he had not met with three gentlemen . who had read them . The course , therefore , which he would recommend was , that they should be referred to a committee . He did not care how that committee was formed . He had no objection that the three brothers of the noble marquis should be members of it , and it should be appointed exclusively by the hon . gentlemen on the treasury bench . As matters now stood , the house could not enter