index to papers , or that it should enter into an investigation of the whole affairs of India , and report thereupon to the house . But , in either case , what security had they that those gentlemen who . had not read the 706 papers in their present state , would read them after they were arranged , or that they would read the report , which would probably be still more voluminous than the papers ? exhorted the house not to hurry a proceeding of such great importance . This was not a case in Which a private person alone was interested . It affected the rights of a whole people , who had no tribunal but that house to whom to apply for justice . They had no friend but that house , and if it slighted the appeal now made , it forfeited its own character and honour , and the character and honour of the country . At all events , he trusted it was not meant to proceed to the consideration of the question to-night . admitted that justice to the noble marquis required that no unnecessary delay should take place . Justice , however , could not be done to him , and , what was of still higher importance , to the national character . if the house came to a premature decision . A great deal had been said of the number of parliaments which had passed since the papers Were laid on the table ; let it , however , be recollected , that there were many members in that house who had sat there for not more than seven months , not one of whom , of course , had heard a single word on the subject of these papers , which could enable them to form any idea as to the facts which they were meant to substantiate ; and wet they were now called on to give a decision on evidence of which they did not know the bearing . This was said to be a question personal to the noble marquis , but still it-was no less a judicial question , and he had never yet heard of any proceeding by which a fair result of such a question could be obtained , unless those who were to judge of it , were previously acquainted with the facts charged , and the nature of the defence . Was there a man in that house prepared at the present moment to say , that he was ready to come to a right decision on the case ? He had , with great inconvenience to himself , gone through a considerable part of these papers , and if obliged to come to his decision this night , he must give it against the noble marquis , though he did tot say , that in the mass of evidence before the house , there might not be evidence in the noble marquis 's favour of which he was at present ignorant . He was of-opinion , that to send the evidence to committee to return a digested report of it to the house , would be the only means 707 of arriving at substantial justice . None , ? he was convinced , ought to desire this so anxiously as the friends of the marquis , and nothing could be more unsatisfactory than a premature decision . said , it was for the house to decide what mode of proceeding would best suit its own convenience and the ends of justice ; but , he contended , that it had been always asked , and it was the only thing that was asked , on the part of the noble marquis , that the case should be brought to as speedy a decision , as a regard to justice and fair inquiry would allow . The propriety of this principle had been laid down and enforced by the highest authority on all sides of the house , and among others , by an hon . gent . now no more ( Mr. Fox ) , whose opinion would