done by the late ministers . 608 When the hon . gent . asked for any assurances of military assistance that had been communicated by his majesty 's present government , in confirmation of the assurances that had been communicated by the last government , he supposed that he alluded to the discussion in that house , in which it had been stated by himself ( Mr. C. ) and his colleagues , that on their coming into office , they found the expectations of the allies of G. Britain of military assistance , raised to a great height , but that they found no means provided of satisfying those expectations . He now repeated , that those expectations had been stated by foreign courts , more particularly and with greater precision than the distinct assurances and instructions which he had found recorded in the foreign office , seemed to warrant . But it was well known , that with respect to assurances of this nature , much passed in personal communications , which was not transferred to paper . With some of the motions he should comply most willingly ; because when the papers were produced they would show that great expectations had been entertained of British assistance , by the continental powers ; they would spew that the noble lord to whose authority the gentlemen opposite were so fond of referring , and for whose authority on military subjects , and on subjects connected with his situation , he entertained the highest respect ; —that lord . Hutchinson had distinctly stated to the emperor of Russia and to the king of Prussia , that he knew his government intended to make a continental diversion in their favour ; that he was authorised to make them the strongest assurances on this subject , although he could not particularize the point at which the diversion was to be effected . By some of the papers it would appear , that at the commencement of the late war between Prussia and France , dispatches had been sent to the courts of St. Petersburgh and Stockholm , calling loudly on those powers to make the greatest exertins , and to march an army to the assistance of Prussia . He did not mean to contend that that exhortation was a distinct and particular pledge on the part of G. Britain , but surely G. Britain had no right to require such exertions , unless she meant bonâ fide to imply that she would hear her share in them . After this call however , a great interval elapsed without any specific promise of assistance on our part , and the whole correspondence between Russia and G. Britain consisted of applica- 609 tions and reproaches from the former . The court of Petersburgh was unquestionably entitled to suppose that they would receive support from this country , either by military diversion or by pecuniary assistance ; they had neither . A proposal made by Russia to negotiate in this country a loan for six millions had been refused . He did not state this as attaching blame to the late ministers , for he fairly allowed that the negotiation of such a loan must , in effect , after the experience which this country had had , be considered as entailing a great risk , if not ultimately a burden , on us . But , there was a wide difference between refusing that loan and doing nothing . We might have declined making so considerable an exertion without disappointing Russia , by leaving her altogether without help . Had we agreed to raise 4 millions , or 3 millions , or 2 millions ( for which of course provision must have been made as for a subsidy ) , we should at least have gratified the feelings of his imperial majesty ; but of such an intention on the part of the late government no trace existed in the records of the foreign office . This complete refusal was the more censurable , as no power on the continent had been so uniformly faithful to its pecuniary engagements as Russia . When