to its nature , not only with a view to the present question , but in order to settle a rule for the future . Considering the matter in this light , the first thing that occurred was , that the public business might be managed by a private correspondence of this sort , in a way which would place the whole out of the reach of parliament . Some might remember how this principle was made use of in the trial of Mr. Hastings , where it appeared that , under the pretence of private correspondence , the salutary order of the Company , that all correspondence should be in writing , was evaded . The public trust was liable to be abused in the same manner ; and the wholesome rule was , that when letter ; had forfeited their character of privacy , by being brought forward to influence the vote of the house , they should then only be protected by the same discretion to which even public dispatches were subject . What had we to justify the expedition to Denmark ? Secret articles and private letters ; the most convenient things for a bad minister that could possibly be imagined . This might mark the evil that would result from a principle of this kind , and , upon the whole , there was no comparison between the balance of danger from concealment and publicity . The ministers having then quoted the letter in question for their own purposes , the house had a right to its production . denied that his noble friend had used this letter for the purpose of influencing the decision of the house . He had been present when his noble friend made the speech which caused so considerable an impression , and he well recollected , that his noble friend stated the general fact of which he was in possession ; and that it was not until in reply to a question put to him by the hon . gent . opposite , that he added that he had communicated that fact in a private letter to the right hon . secretary of state . If he abstained from going any further into this subject , at present , he begged to be understood , that he was not deterred from doing so by the high and dictatorial tone which the hon . mover , on this as well as on many other occasions , chose to assume . The house and the public , would judge of the consistency of the hon . gentlemen opposite , who , when they were in office , had refused to produce , on the only two occasions on which they were required to produce them , papers moved for by his hon . friends , but who now , after having exhausted their motions for public documents , were driven to the necessity of moving for the unwarrantable production of private correspondence . observed , that the dictatorial tone and manner of the last speaker did not suit well with his complaint against a dictatorial tone and manner in another person . It would have come better from the right hon . secretary opposite , who was so remarkable for levity and jesting , that no one could pretend to equal him , unless he had a jest-book in his hand . As the expressions alluded to had been put in writing , every one must desire to see the whole of the paper , or at least as much as could be produced without detriment to the public service ; for though they might have been very fairly stated by the noble lord , as far as he went , yet , in the letter they might be so qualified as to make a different impression . He allowed that stronger ground ought to be laid for the production of a private letter , than for the production of a public dispatch ; but , if it was said that a private letter ought not to be produced at all , the doctrine was contrary to the principles of the