to the opinion and advice of the ablest authority in the German empire , and that defeat had been followed by the complete subjugation of the continent to the power of France . He concluded by expressing his confidence , that the house and the country were now satisfied ; and that he should never hear it urged again , that any thing done , or omitted to be , done , by his majesty 's late ministers , had any thing to do in the causes that led to the subjugation of Europe . replied briefly , and contended that a successful diversion might have been effected by a timely supply of troops from this country.— The question was then put , and agreed to without a division . said he would not take up the time of the house by any prefatory remarks to the motion which he was about to submit ; for that motion being the ground of a parliamentary proceeding , he conceived that it would be consented to without opposition . He should therefore content himself with simply moving , `` That there be laid before the house an account of all captures made at sea by the naval forces of this country , which were claimed to remain , and which did remain , at the disposal of the Crown since the year 1792 , specifying each capture and its amount , with the particular appropriation of the proceeds thereof . '' doubted whether the specification of every individual capture could be obtained . At any rate , such a specification would require considerable time to prepare . He entered into an explanation of the right of his majesty to these Droits , which resolved itself 450 into two distinct parts : the right of the crown , and the right as lord high admiral . If any complaint were made with respect to the mode in which the fund had been appropriated by the crown , that might form the ground of parliamentary enquiry and reprehension ; but with regard to the fund itself , the right of the crown to the appropriation of it was unquestionable . A considerable proportion of this fund had been granted to captors under various circumstances ; many grants had been made for the public service ; and , it being completely under his majesty 's controul , grants had also been occasionally made for the benefit of the younger branches of the royal family . None of these appropriations could be characterized as misapplications . The hon . baronet had an undoubted right to know what was the gross amount of that fund , and what part remained undisposed . If , on the production of those accounts , the hon . baronet should require an account of the mode in which the fund had been appropriated , the house would doubtless expect some strong allegations before they would consent to his request . For these reasons , and to facilitate the attainment of the hon . baronet 's object , he submitted to him the propriety of confining his motion to the total amount of the captures from the period mentioned . by him , and of that part of the proceeds of those captures which remained undisposed of at the present time . had no objection to follow the line chalked out by the right hon . gent . ; for the great object he had in view at this time was to have the amount before the house . He had not , indeed , as yet stated any facts of misapplication ; yet he apprehended the house would not endure that so large a sum should be at the disposal of the crown , without any inquiry , even although it should be admitted that the crown had the legal right , of which , however , considerable doubts were entertained . expressed his approbation of the motion of the hon . baronet , for all his reflections on the subject convinced him that the admiralty court ought to be upon a new footing . observed , that the admiralty court