Naval Asylum , and not against that which applied to the carrying into effect the charter of Greenwich Hospital . That charter bad , it appeared , been departed 979 from , and therefore there was a necessity for the interference of parliament . He suggested , therefore , to the hon . bart . whether he ought not to separate the objects of his bill , and move , in the first instance , for a bill to regulate Greenwich Hospital ; and afterwards , if it should be necessary , bring forward a motion for a bill to regulate the Naval Asylum . acceded to the suggestion of the right . hon . gent . and confined his motion to the first object . as the question had been narrowed , should then only say , with respect to the Naval Asylum , that it would be competent to the hon . baronet to move an address to his majesty for the Regulations of the Commissioners , and to make them the subject of any further proceeding he might think necessary . But as to the remaining part , of his motion , he did not think the house could agree to it , without having the charter of the hospital before it . It was as much the duty of the trustees , under the charter , to correct any abuses that might exist , as it would if an act of parliament were to pass for the purpose . But the question was , whether it would be desirable , if only a single candidate , who had been connected with the navy , should offer for an office , who might not be as well qualified as other candidates , that any peremptory order for his appointment should be enacted . He contended that there was no necessity for an act of parliament . The hon . bart . himself had been whilst in the office of a lord of the admiralty , in a situation to correct these abuses , and if he had not done so , it was not matter of blame to him , as he had followed the course pursued by his predecessors , and if any mischief had arisen , it must have been only from inadvertency on his part . The house he was sure would not accede to the motion , until it should have the charter of the Hospital before it . contended , that every statement of the right hon . gent . shewed the necessity of the bill . As abuses existed , it was highly necessary that an act of parliament should be made to correct them . And many of the trustees would be glad to be protected against the applications of their friends by the provisions of an act of parliament . The hon . baronet appeared to him to deserve the thanks of the house and of the country , for his accurate attention to the interests of a profession to which he was an ornament ; and as to the 980 unfitness of naval men for the offices in the Hospital , he never could forget that the late lord chancellor had been in that profession . stated , from his local and personal knowledge of an estate belonging to the Hospital , that no naval man , unless locally acquainted with the circumstances and nature of the property , could he capable of conducting or managing it for the interests of the hospital . contended , that either there were rules in the charter , requiring persons holding offices to be seafaring men , or there were not ; and that in either case , it would be necessary for the house to interfere , to allow qualified persons to be appointed , or to prevent persons not qualified from being appointed . could not agree to the motion , as he thought it could neither be consistent with justice nor promote the advantages of the institution , to take it out of the hands of the trustees . was extremely surprised at the opposition given to this