ambitious states , but therefore the more necessary to be maintained with as strict an adherence as possible—the defence and the only defence of the feeble against the powerful ( often infringed upon , it was true ) , but , upon the whole , greatly conducive to the interests and to the happiness of mankind at large . It was peculiarly becoming this country to hold it sacred . Before we proceeded to this desperate step , could we prove our right upon necessity ? Think of our reputation . As fin as reputation was concerned , and that was a great matter , reputation was all in all , and that depended on what people would think and say of us all over Europe . So great was reputation , that we had better , in a view of policy , do the worst thing in the world , than the best , if appearances would be in our favour : though he was no advocate for such . morals . The law of nations existed , however , upon the agreement of common sense , and the approbation of a general wisdom and general feeling . It was a Joint stock concern for the benefit of all . Its support was a sort of voluntary contribution from all nations . When a great nation like this acted contrary to it , it acted under the awful , the ten-fold responsibility of acting for its own selfish interests against the feelings and the interests 292 of all mankind . He was convinced that all discerning people must see that at the best we had acted on doubtful grounds : he should rather say on none at all . Ministers had now abandoned the pretext of the secret articles of Tilsit . He was very sorry to go farther , and to say that he could not give that degree of credit to our official and public declarations which he was wont to do , and which he earnestly desired to do . But this he supposed , was the consequence of our new morality . This was a fair sample of the new mode of fighting Buonaparte with his own weapons . Did this tell any thing in our favour for violating a neutral nation ? The question of policy involved the right , and on necessity alone the question must rest . Other arguments were used ; so low and so mean , but unfortunately so successful as to gain the favour of the small vulgar , and the great vulgar . It was interest . The principle of action was fear : not arising from prudence , fore-thought , and self-possession : not from the notion of hint who braves a present danger , to avoid a future and contingent one . When he mentioned the poor fleeting transitory gain , he was sharply told that it was not the actual value of time acquisition ; but the probability of its being turned against us for our destruction next season . What ! should we be told that we were to give ourselves up to hatred , and dishonour , and reproach , in perpetuity , for the sake of avoiding the comparatively little contingencies of the next summer ? These dangers would continue , or be partially lulled , till new dangers ripened and burst upon us The routine of affairs might seem to go on as before , but not so the policy ; not so the character of the country ! What shall we think when we find that we have created the hatred of nations for generations to come , who will constantly remember our misdeeds when they behold the monuments of our ravages—When they point at the sad memorials of their destruction—when they see the remains of their public edifices ; of that beautiful church , which was the pride of their capital , an awful ruin—when the recollection of our bombardment was rendered perpetual by the melancholy sentiment inspired by the eternity of the tomb ? The church might fall , but the ruins would remain , to be viewed