on the subject of peace , it should be so worded as to tend to induce a belief that peace would be rejected . Upon this subject the noble viscount ( Sid-mouth ) has nearly anticipated all the arguments which I meant to urge . When we contemplate the crisis in which we are placed , and the information derived from the speech , by which we learn , that in addition to the hostility of France , Spain , Holland and Italy , which we knew before , Russia , Austria and Denmark are also hostile , and Portugal lost , we surely may be excused for considering , whether any means exist of obtaining a just and honourable peace . I agree perfectly in the praise given by the noble viscount to the noble lord ( Milton ) , who , in spite of clamour and delusion , manfully declared sentiments which evinced a just and magnanimous , as well as a judicious and correct mind . I would be the last man to call in question the right of the people to petition , but I do not think that peace is to be obtained by petitioning the throne . Petitions of such a nature are injurious , not because they impart to Bonaparte any new fact with respect to the situation of the country ; but , because they tend to convey to the enemy an exaggerated representation of that situation , which rather tends to retard than accelerate peace . Anxiety must , however , naturally be produced , when in addition to the enemies already enumerated , when nearly the whole coast of the continent is a hostile shore , we find that there is a probability of a war with the United States of America . Such an unexampled crisis calls for the exertion of 22 every energy of the country , whilst at the same time one can not help looking forward with great anxiety to the future.—With regard to the two propositions asserted by ministers ; first , that we should not enter into a negotiation , unless the basis of that negotiation be previously stated ; and , secondly , that we should not avail ourselves of ale 'mediation of any power , not perfectly impartial , or suspected of partiality to the enemy , I can not conceive any thing more preposterous . The second proposition is peculiarly untenable , because we do not accept a mediator as an umpire , but merely as a medium for facilitating our communications with the enemy . If the mediator be partial to the enemy , what injury can result to us ? we are not bound by his sentiments ; and we may avail ourselves of his interposition , by rejecting which we may provoke him to declare against us . Such , precisely , has been the case with respect to Russia . That there might be reasons for rejecting the mediation of Russia , and that we had the right to make that rejection , if adequate reasons existed , do not mean to deny . But let us not promulgate new doctrines , which are equally irreconcileable with practice and principle . Now , as to the first proposition , I contend , that in the whole history of this country , or of the negotiations of other civilized nations , no precedents can be found to sustain it . If ministers can produce me one instance in which the statement of a basis has Teen insisted upon , as a preliminary to negociation , I pledge myself to produce ten instances of a contrary practice ; and , as to the precedent of the last negociation , I should draw from it quite a different conclusion from that which ministers seem disposed to press ; for I think it must be manifest , that the case of that negociation proves how unimportant it is to the object of a negociation to obtain the previous statement of a basis . In fact , such a thing is a matter of no consequence , and ought not to be