British Court of Admiralty itself , as coming from the mouth of the present truly eminent and learned judge who presides in it.—Sir W. Scott , in the case of the Swedish convoy , as reported by Dr. Robinson , ( Reports , p . 349 . ) expressed himself thus : 'In forming my judgment , I trust it has not escaped my recollection for one moment what it is that the duty of my situation calls for from me ; namely , to consider myself as stationed here not to deliver occasional and shifting opinions to serve present purposes of particular national interest , but to administer with indifference that justice which the law of nations holds out without distinction to independent states , some happening to be neutral and some belligerent . The seat of judicial authority is indeed locally here in the belligerent country , according to the known law and practice of all nations ; but the law itself has no locality , it is the duty of the person who sits here to determine this question exactly as they would determine the same question if sitting at Stockholm . ' Now , is it possible that any judge , but , above all , such a judge as sir W. Scott , could hold this language , only because in that particular case no Order in Council had been sent to dictate a judgment in favour of England . If that was his meaning , could any thing be so grossly false as the whole admirable doctrine by which he upheld and ever will uphold the justice and dignity of his court—what signified his station , or the duties of it , if the king 's council could peremptorily dicate to him ? How could such a man predicate to all nations a proposition which was a gross fraud upon all of them ? Was it the same thing whether he was sitting in London or at Stockholm , ' when he was within an English mile of Whitehall , where an English Council could positively dictate to him , and by which , after having decided one case according to the law of nations , a hundred others standing before the court in consimili casu might be decided by a new rule imperative upon his decision , however repugnant to the law upon which he had before acted , and by which he declared he was to be governed ? —My lords , having established , by the authority of our greatest judges , dead and living , that a new and arbitrary rule can not be given to the Court of Admiralty and Prizes , and likewise , by the most eminent judges of the 955 Admiralty Court , dead and living , I will add but one more decision , which I consider to be a most important one , because it is the authority of a statesman.—In matters indeed that regulate the intercourse between nations , perhaps their opinions ought to outweigh any others , as they are most frequently assisted in forming them by the most eminent persons of their times . But what must render the authority of the work I mean to cite from peculiarly authoritative is , that it was written in defence of the maritime rights of this country against the armed neutrality which several nations had set on foot , contending against the right of search of neutral ships for the property of enemies , on the principle that free bottoms made free goods . My lords , upon what authority did this able author support the rights of his country , which are the main pillars of its strength ? Upon what arguments did he unanswerably maintain that free bottoms did not and could not make free goods ? Upon no other , my lords , and none else could be necessary , than that it had been so settled by the uniform practice of nations grown up into the positive law of Europe , and that no state , nor any combination of states , could alter it for their own interests