now reject it . opposed the bill , on the ground of its being a direct and unnecessary infringement on the king 's prerogative . He also objected to the resolution of the house of commons subsequent to the rejection of the bill last session , which he considered rather as a species of legislation . He was aware that his opposition to the bill was liable to much misrepresentation ; but that should not deter him from performing what he conceived to be an act of public duty . was perfectly convinced of the purity of the motives which actuated the noble lord . He did not think this bill of any essential or vital importance ; but under the circumstances in which it was before the house , he thought their lordships ought to pause before they again rejected it . He thought it rather tended to support the prerogative of the crown , than to infringe upon it . objected to the bill in its present shape , as wholly unfit to pass into a law , from the vague manner in which it was drawn up , and the general enactments which it contained . He was willing , however , to vote for the 2nd reading , if there was any prospect of so modifying it in the committee as to free it from those objections to which at present he thought it liable . wished the bill to go to a committee , on the grounds that it might be expedient to regulate the granting of offices in reversion , so as to prevent abuses ; and also to give time for the maturing of any plan of economy which it might be wished to propose , and which might , therefore , render it adviseable to suspend for a certain time the granting of offices in reversion , that in the mean while it might be ascertained whether there were any offices which it would be expedient to regulate or abolish . approved of the bill in its present shape , and hoped that no compromise would take place , but that the bill would pass as it was . supported the 2nd reading on the same grounds as lord Hawkesbury . As to ministers not attending on the discussion of this bill last session , why did not noble lords on the other We attend that discussion ; and why had not this bill , if it was so important , been sooner taken up by them ? objected to the bill altogether , and thought it incapable of any modification which could render it fit to be passed into a law . deprecated that species of recriminatory observations , which could tend to no possible good . Noble lords on his side of the house had not previously taken up the bill , only because they did not wish to shew a want of candour towards ministers for the sake of catching at a little popularity . He could not help observing , that those noble lords who had opposed the bill in toto had acted with the greatest fairness . His lordship defended the vote of the house of commons , which , being merely for an humble address to his majesty to suspend the granting of offices in reversion until six weeks after the commencement of this session of parliament , he could not conceive liable to the objections of the noble and learned lord . opposed the bill in toto , thinking it incapable of any desirable modification . supported the bill . from the unlimited enactments of the bill , was not prepared to assent to it . in calling the attention of the house to the notice respecting a Monument to be erected to the memory of lord Lake , which had been suspended by a notice , having a prior claim to the attention of the house , on a former night , did not mean to recur to that notice , or again to offer to the house the motion which was the subject of it , Having communicated with many persons devoted to