of St. Petersburgh was , that a general peace was necessary for the interests of mankind ; after having made the experiment of war as far as that experiment could possibly be carried . There was no occasion , therefore , to ask what the general views of the court of St. Petersburgh were : and it was an unnecessary expression of an ill-founded doubt of the 816 sincerity of the power which offered you her mediation . The noble lord continues , that `` impartiality was the first requisite in the character of a mediator ; '' upon which point I have already touched . He then very truly asserts , `` that it is essentially necessary England should be placed with regard to the mediating power on an equal footing with France . '' But , Sir , this assertion is superfluous , because it could not be previously supposed to have been in the contemplation of Russia , that there should be any inequality between the two powers ; and her intention of making any inequality between them , could only be shewn by her conduct in the progress of the mediation ; any preliminary assurance , therefore was in the nature of the thing perfectly unnecessary.—The noble lord proceeds to state `` that uneasiness had been excited in England , by the confidential intercourse which had taken place between the two emperors at Tilsit ; and that he could not conceal from gen. Budberg , that the period peremptorily prescribed to his Majesty for the acceptance of the Russian mediation had created in London a very unfavourable impression against the intervention of his imperial majesty . '' [ p . 196 . ] What uneasiness could have been excited by the mere circumstance of those two great potentates conferring together upon the interests of their respective empires , I am at a loss to conceive ; and I am sorry that lord Granville Levison introduced any observation upon the limitation of time for the acceptance of the mediation , because I have reason to know that at the moment when he wrote this letter , he had been informed by lord Hutchinson , `` that the emperor Bart declared to him in a communication which took place between lord Hutchinson and the emperor of Russia on the 23d of Aug. and which was communicated to lord Granville Levison , that the emperor of Russia did not intend that the limitation of time should have any effect whatever.—I am sorry , sir , that the house refused to address his majesty to lay before us the letter of lord Granville Levison to Mr. Canning , containing an account of the conversation , for it is most material that it should be before the public . But I know , that such a conversation did take place : and I know his imperial majesty stated to lord Hutchinson , `` that he had offered his mediation to England ; that he attached no false vanity to the acceptance or rejection of that mediation , but that it was his most sincere wish 817 that England would make peace ; as he was sure that it was his interest and also that of Europe , and our interest that we should restore tranquillity to the world . '' Lord Hutchinson answered to his imperial majesty , `` that he had not given sufficient time for England to accept or reject his mediation , because a much longer period than a month must elapse before any answer could be received , and though the disposition of his mind inclined towards peace , neither he nor any other man would accept it but on conditions the most reasonable and honourable : and that as far as England was concerned the events of the war had been highly favourable ; '' to which his imperial majesty replied `` that the time allowed was of no importance : because we might take three or four months if we pleased to accept or reject his mediation ; but his anxious wish and desire was that we should make peace . That he had a