the worthy alderman , who , during his mayoralty , had invited his majesty 's late ministers to his table , and as the first toast after dinner , had drank success to them . observed , that in the peculiar circumstances under . which he was then placed , he . had , on the occa- 1059 sion alluded to by . the worthy alderman , thought it his duty as chief magistrate , to invite all his majesty 's ministers , and also his majesty 's ex-ministers , who had been the ministers of the crown When he had been admitted into the mayoralty . For Many of the members of the rate administration he felt the highest respect , and in particular , he should never forget the eminent services of one noble lord , whose support of the interests of his country at a most critical period , would be ever remembered by him with gratitude . having been chairman of the meeting alluded to , thought it but proper to state what was his opinion concerning it . The numbers , he should conceive , were between 4 and 500 , and the majority about 4 to 3 . If others had observed the same forbearance with the worthy .alderman ( Curtis ) , and had abstained from attending a meeting with which they had no , connection , he had no hesitation in declaring that the result would have been very different from what it had turned out . The argument with many persons who attended the meeting seemed to be , 'we are connected with the West Indies ; the west Indies are connected with America ; so we are entitled to attend this meeting as persons interested in the trade to America . ' The arguments of those who moved , and seconded the amendment , however , he thought were somewhat curious , though probably they might not be peculiarly gratifying to the framers of these Orders in Council . They did not oppose the petition because they approved of these regulations , but because they were absurd and impracticable . said , he was at the meeting of this day ; and as the hon . gent . who Spoke last seemed to direct his eye so particularly towards him he must explain why he thought he had as good a right to be present as the hon . member himself . He said , he had property both in America and Jamaica : he had commercial interests and family connections with America ; but these should not induce him to forget his great and paramount duty to his country . He thought the meeting concerned all who had commercial interests or connections with America , direct or circuitous . Persons therefore had a right to attend who had even no trade there . He believed a number not only of such persons , but of American citizens , were present ; and they were heard with attention in the delivery of their Sentiments ; and 1060 he believed also their opinions were quoted by others who spoke after them . said , he held in his hand a petition of a directly opposite description , from the merchants of London trading to the continent of Europe , who desired to express their confidence , that the Orders carried vigorously into operation would be the most likely means of inducing the enemy to abandon the system of exclusion to British commerce , which created the necessity of those orders.—The hon . baronet , however , was reminded by the Speaker , that the petition he proposed to offer must be deferred till the other was disposed of . should not have interfered in the discussion had it not been for what had fallen from the worthy aldermen . One of these hon . members declared , that his information was , that the majority was equal to three to one . The other , who was present , that it was two to one . This was a diminution in a moment of 50 per cent . The same hon