relations with this country.—As to all that had been urged against the Orders in Council , and against the dispute with America , those were questions he should not now enter into . While negociation with America was pending , it was doubtless better to abstain from any discussion that would only tend more to inflame the minds of the two countries.—He lamented the uncalled-for mention of the state of Ireland . The concessions alluded to by the noble baron could not now be thought of Indeed , even if those concessions were made , still greater ones would be called for , and there would be no end to such demands . He had made it his business to trace the evil in Ireland to its remotest source ; and he was convinced that the concessions alluded to would not quiet the people of that country for one single month . said , he gave the noble lord credit for the truth of the information he had received , but he had not seen any document to prove that Denmark was in league with France , or that the Danish fleet was to be employed by the enemy . He referred to Mr. Pitt 's opinions respecting the rights of independent states , and contended , that that great statesman would never have countenanced such a proceeding as the attack upon Denmark . considered it an extraordinary mode of endeavouring to procure unanimity , by withholding all documents , if there were any that could give authenticity to the statement of ministers . Why were not the Secret Articles of the Treaty of Tilsit produced ? It would not be necessary to give the names of the persons who communicated to ministers their information ; but , if it existed , surely they might give the information itself to the house . The fact was , however , that the Treaty of Tilsit had nothing to do with the attack upon Copenhagen . That treaty was concluded in July ; the attack on Copenhagen took place early in August , and the Expedition must have been at least some weeks in preparation . With respect to the stores said to have been collecting at Copenhagen , it was well known , that the Danish government annually expended a certain sum in laying in naval stores , but not more this year 31 than usual . The Danish fleet was far from being well equipped , even when sent over here . But the Danes were said to be in hostility with us . Surely , when we attacked a man 's property , we had no right to consider it as an aggression that he endeavoured to repel us . The noble lord then took a view of the conduct of ministers with regard to Portugal . He thought , the flattering prospects held out respecting the , trade to the Brazils extremely delusive , and observed , that notwithstanding the secret understanding which ministers pretended they had with Portugal , the Prince Regent would have remained at Lisbon , had not an article appeared in the Moniteur stating that the House of Braganza had `` ceased to reign . '' The Plate Orders of Council he declared to be highly unconstitutional , as they confiscated property , and dispensed with the Navigation Act , without the authority of parliament . said , that ministers never pretended to have possession of any Secret Articles of the Treaty of Tilsit ; but they were possessed of secret projects and agreements entered into at Tilsit . With regard to Portugal , he assured the noble earl , that there was not only an understanding with that power , but that a secret treaty had been concluded between his majesty and the Prince Regent . The , only reason why that treaty was not laid on the table was , that it contained an article , stipulating that , it should not be made public without the consent of both the contracting parties . He could not communicate it until that authority was given.—The motion for the amendment moved by the duke