London , and knowing that England could not be approached , except in the way of mediation , 838 France humbled herself to adopt the only path which England had left open for her advances . In that light indeed I am inclined to view it , and I can not conceive any thing more desirable than that one of the belligerent powers should avail herself with the utmost promptitude of the influence which she possessed over another power recognized by both , as competent to exercise the high and friendly office of mediation , to communicate her intentions directly to the other belligerent . It is in vain to dwell longer upon this subject , because no such objection has been started upon the part of government.—I ought to apologize for having detained the house so long upon this part of the question ; but in justice to the right hon . gent . so deeply interested in the transaction , I was bound to go into a minute detail . In justice to myself , and to the propositions which I intend to establish upon these papers , it was necessary that I should discuss them much at length , and I trust that I have in some measure succeeded in convincing the house , that another golden opportunity has been lost , not indeed of making peace , ( for I beg the house again to understand , that I do , and always have carefully abstained from the assertion , that peace in any case might have been made ) but of entering into negociation , for the purpose of ascertaining whether peace could or could not be effected . I have thought it my duty to expose to the severest censure of this house , the conduct of the king 's government upon this occasion , and more particularly that of his majesty 's secretary of state for foreign affairs ; because it does appear to me necessary to state my opinion to the house and the country at large of his utter insufficiency to guide us through the dangers and difficulties which surround us in this crisis of our fate . I am sure the right hon . gent . from the freedom that he has taken with the characters of some of his colleagues in office , will excuse the freedom which I have taken with his official character ; having on a former occasion declared in his place in this house , his colleague lord Hawkesbury unqualified to hold the office of foreign affairs , he can not object to my expressing the opinion that I entertain of the comparative merits of his majesty 's present secretaries of state . Upon a review then of the papers which have been laid upon the table of the house of commons signed by lord Hawkesbury , and those signed by Mr. Canning , I can have 839 no hesitation in saying , that I had much rather the seals of the foreign office were in the hands of lord Hawkesbury , than in those of their present possessor . In lord Hawkesbury 's correspondence , there appears to be a frankness , a simplicity , and a temper which are totally wanting in the correspondence of the right hon . gent . and which are very ill compensated by the smartness and satire so conspicuous in his dispatches . If therefore , the administration must needs consist of the same component parts , I could wish , for the advantage of the country , that these two persons should change situations . But , sir , however material it may be to review the conduct of ministers , and for the house to express its opinion upon that conduct , what is past is of much less importance than what is to come ; and it remains to be considered what course we ought now to pursue . What is past is lamentable , but irremediable ; what is to come requires the utmost efforts of human wisdom to turn to the best account . If I shall have persuaded the house , or