the memory of Lord Lake , and participating in the high veneration in which he held the services of that gallant man , he found that it was the general wish of those persons to give way to the difficulties of parliamentary form that had arisen . The family of the noble lord , deeply penetrated with a sense of gratitude for the vote passed the other night , was willing to rest its claims on the public bounty there , than press a point upon which many of those who had voted in approbation of lord Lake 's general merit and services , might be found in opposition . In this feeling he thought it his duty to concede ; but he could not help lamenting , that parliament appeared to have laid it down as a principle , that the glorious testimony of a public monument was to be confined to the services of those who died in battle . Lord Howe 's monument was the only exception to this rule , for that of lord Cornwallis 's stood on entirely distinct ground . He admitted that the limitation to those who died in battle was a good and convenient general principle . But at the same time , When Monuments were held to be the most appropriate marks of public gratitude , as being at the same time most honourable to the deceased , and best calculated to excite emulation in the minds of posterity , it seemed to be a strange exclusion that prevented a lord Lake , a lord Rodney , and a lord Duncan , from being found among the illustrious heroes thus , consecrated to fame , while many persons of much inferior rank and merit were so honoured . The distinction would never be 873 asked but for striking examples of merit and service , and the reward may safely be granted without the fear of deviating into abuse . It would certainly be no injury to those who fell in battle , to admit to a participation of this honour , those who had equally entitled themselves by victory , and who had no other bar to their claim but that of a greater interval of time between their service and their death . It was not the death but the service that was the proper object of reward . rose to make his promised motion on this subject . His lordship took a review of the principal circumstances connected with this , expedition ; and contended , that the only ground on which it could be justified was actual necessity ; which was not proved to exist by any documents before the house , nor by ministers , who , on the contrary , continually shifted their ground of justification , and had made out no case which , in his opinion , was at all satisfactory . It had been said , that an option was given to the prince regent to deliver up the Danish fleet ; but could it be said to be an option , when it was evident , that if he had delivered up the fleet , Holstein and Jutland would immediately have been seized by France ? This expedition , it had been said , was sent to ward of off danger from this country ; but how had that danger been prevented ? The danger was not of an invasion of this country , but of the Baltic being shut against us ; and instead of precluding this danger , the expedition had accelerated it . Possession of Zealand had not been retained , and Denmark had been thrown completely into the arms of France . The national character had , in his opinion , been degraded , and the national . honour stained by this expedition ; and what had we gained ? 16 ships of the line , which could be of little service and as to stores , they did not amount in value to the stores expended in the expedition ; and the whole was not equal to the expence of the expedition.—The noble earl concluded with moving