, that the object of France was to collect as great a force as possible for the annoyance of this country ; and that the navy of Denmark was part of the force , so destined against us ; 2d , that it was practicable for the French government to force Denmark into this measure ; and , 3rd , that it was a scheme of so much danger to us , as warranted us in adopting , nay , as rendered it absolutely necessary for us to adopt , the measure in question . As to the first , his lordship was free to admit that there could be little doubt of the anxiety of France to unite every power she could to carry on the war against us with as much success as possible . This he was far from disputing ; but still the noble lord could not allege , that it was of itself any thing like a sufficient vindication of the act which had been resorted to . It might be the policy of France to take the most immediate measures for accomplishing her ends ; but it was far from likely that Denmark would also see it to be her true line of policy to grant a ready compliance with the demand of the French government . It was undoubtedly , her interest to keep out of the contest , and , if she was desirous of doing so she had a threat to hold out to Buonaparte , as powerful as any he had to drive her to compliance with his wishes . She had the British navy to apply to for protection and it would have been absolute ruin to 377 Buonaparte 's own schemes to have driven her to such a resource . This would at once be putting it out of his power , either then , or at any future period , to accomplish the object he was represented to have had in view . To make out the proposition of the noble lord however , it must be incumbent on him to shew , either that Denmark was not willing to resist , or that she was not-able . His noble friend ( earl St. Vincent ) , had just declared that the Danes in Zealand were as secure against an attack from Holstein , as we were against an attack from Boulogne . The noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) had read an opinion of a military person , from which it would seem , he wished to have the contrary inferred ; but it did not seem to him ( lord Grey ) , to be at all a case in point . It was an answer to a question , as to the chance of some one of five or six divisions , or 5000 out of 35,000 men , succeeding in effecting a landing . This was merely an hypothetical question , the answer to which proved nothing , for it did not say , that supposing any one division of 5000 men making good their landing , that the Island of Zealand must fall as a necessary consequence . His lordship felt himself entitled to complain , that , though this was a motion for the production of papers , the noble lord opposite should come forward and read extracts from this very information , which , at the same time , was refused to be presented to the house . His lordship did not think it could be pretended that the French could have made any successful attempt on Zealand when protected by the Swedish and Danish flotillas , and by the vast naval force of G Britain . There was not , therefore , such a probability , if the Danes had been determined to resist Buonaparte , that he could have compelled them , as warranted us in having recourse to the extraordinary step we had taken . But it was said , the Danes were hostilely disposed towards us , and in proof of this were cited the American War , the Armed Neutrality , and the Confederacy of 1801