question before the house . He totally denied the analogy asserted by the noble lord , between the Orders in Council , and the Order of Jan. 1807 . For the latter was perfectly consonant to the law of the land and the law of nations , while the former was a gross violation of both . The latter indeed , amounted to nothing less , in his judgment , than an assumption on the part of the crown to 973 legislate without the consent of parliament . That the law of nations was recognized and formed a part of the law of the land , the noble lord shewed , by referring to the opinion of justice Blackstone , and also to that of lord Kenyon , which was declared upon the discussion of a French court of Admiralty relative to a Danish vessel . According to the declaration of that respectable judge , the decision of that court was , upon the principles of the law of nations , held to be binding upon him sitting in an English court of law . From that decision being regulated by the understood rules of the law of nations , the learned judge did not think himself warranted by the law of this land to depart . Here , then , was a solemn recognition by an English judge , that the law of nations formed a part of the law of the land , and as that law could not be altered without the consent of parliament , the Orders in Council , which emanated solely from the crown , were contrary to the constitution . Upon the various bearings and probable consequences of these Orders , particularly with respect to America , the noble lord dilated with his wonted ability . To that part of them which refers to certificates of origin , he brought forward a variety of objections . Such papers were , he maintained , nothing more than the usual instruments which belligerents had uniformly required from neutrals , as testimonies that their cargoes did not belong to the enemy , and to consider such papers , as a just cause for the forfeiture of a neutral , was , in effect , to proscribe all neutral commerce during war . This he conceived to be the nature of the principle , which we , for the first time in the history of civilized warfare , had , in the instance under consideration , asserted . We , in fact , said to the Americans , 'you shall be confiscated by us , if you carry that document which protects you from confiscation by the enemy . ' It was quite preposterous to maintain that the carrying of such documents by a neutral implied any such acquiescence in the hostile views of the enemy , as warranted a hostile proceeding on our part against such neutral . The proposition was utterly untenable , unless it was meant to assert that we should be at liberty to introduce a new principle upon the law of nations , which was to become general , but to be acted upon only as it answered our own convenience . For if such a principle were to be generally proceeded upon , to what a situation should we be liable ? Suppose in a war between 974 America and the States of Barbary , could we endure that what were called our 'Mediterranean passes , ' which were necessary to protect our vessels from the latter belligerent , should render us liable to be confiscated by the former ? And yet these Mediterranean passes were quite tantamount in their character to the certificates of origin , which the Orders in Council pronounced a just cause for condemning the property of a neutral . The noble lord strongly protested against the whole tendency and character of those Orders in Council , as well as against the other measures of administration , which bore no stamp of deliberation or judgment , and which could only spring from intemperance and inability . He deprecated , in the most impressive terms , the consequences