with him in his moving the previous question . observed , that the Orders in Council fell far short of that clearness which would enable him who runs to read . He would not now enter into the question of the policy of these Orders , that being reserved for a subsequent discussion , but with respect to the question of the law of nations , he held a very different opinion 783 from the noble duke . If a belligerent adopted a mode of conduct towards a neutral , which amounted to an act of hostility , and in which that neutral acquiesced , then he would admit the right of the other belligerent to retaliate . But in the case of the Berlin Decree , it had not only not been acquiesced in by America , but there was no proof of that part of it being executed which alone was a violation of the law of nations , namely , capturing neutrals on the high seas , for violating the terms of the decree . He contended , therefore , that on neither of these grounds was there any justification of the Orders in Council . His ldp . commented on the Note of Mr. Canning to the American ministers , stating , that it was the duty of the neutral to endeavour to procure the revocation of the obnoxious decrees , a doctrine which he considered as tending to produce endless warfare . contended , that the French government having endeavoured to execute its decree of blockade against this country , by the confiscation of all neutrals conveying British produce or manufactures , or trading from the ports of this country , it became the duty of this government to adopt some counteracting measure , which should force the enemy to raise the blockade of this country . That which had been resorted to , was the most mitigated measure that could be adopted with a view to the continuance of neutral trade , and compelling the enemy to receive neutral vessels into his ports trading from this country . If the French decree and the Orders in Council were both executed , then of course there could be no trade between this country and that part of the continent of Europe under the influence of the enemy , some injury would result to us , but the greatest privations must be indured by the enemy . With respect to Mr. Canning 's Note , his ldp . referred to the Note of lord Howick , stating that the measures adopted by the Order in Council of the 7th of Jan. would be continued till the decree of the French government was formally repealed , for the purpose of proving that the language in this note was similar to that used by Mr. Canning . His lordship deprecated the conduct adopted by noble lords on the other side , in discussing different parts of the Orders , and called upon them to discuss the whole policy of the measure . deprecated a war with America , which he considered one of the 784 worst misfortunes that could befal the country , and which he thought the Orders in Council tended to produce . contended that the Orders in Council of the 7th of Jan. and those of the 11th and 25th of Nov. were founded on the same principles , and were equally consistent with the law of nations . deprecated the mode of argument adopted by the noble and learned lord , by justifying one measure by another . He contended , that the information on the table not only did not prove an increased rigour in the execution of the French decree , but that a great part of it rather proved a relaxation of the provisions of that decree , and he believed , that his noble friends , had they continued in administration , would rather upon such information have been inclined to revoke the order of the 7th of Jan. than to have resorted to any harsher measure . As to the objection , that they discussed parts of the Orders