circumstances in Oude , to introduce the British power into that country . To this the company expressed no objection ; they never replied , that it was against the law , or entreated him to desist from the execution of his plans , It was therefore fairly to be inferred , that those plans met with their concurrence . With regard to the other part of the subject , the introduction of military force into the Dewab , was it not evidently the wish of the directors that the civil and military power of the nabob of Oude should be reduced ? When the noble marquis acquainted them that he was about to reform the useless and even dangerous battalions of the nabob , they in answer approved of his intention , and when he had compleated his military , to effect a civil reform ; and was it to be endured that the noble marquis should now be told that these were measures highly criminal , and that he had fixed an everlasting stigma on . the British name and character in India ? But , this was not all ; after the noble marquis had effected his objects , he received the approbation of the directors , at least of the secret committee , which was a sufficient justification . To prove this , it would be necessary to refer to the letter from that committee , dated the 29th of Dec. 1802 , in answer to one of the noble marquis , in which he acquainted them with what had been done in Oude , and intimated his intention of retiring from the high situation which he held in India . In this answer the committee , instead of censuring the noble marquis for the line of conduct which he had adopted , entreated that he would remain another year , and finish the work which he had so happily begun . Was not this a bona fide approbation ? Unquestionably , there were some among the directors who did not approve of the noble marquis 's proceedings . The deputy chairman , for instance , ( who was entitled to the highest respect ) , had uniformly expressed his dislike to them but still , the opinion of the great majority of the directors was in his favour . He would now , however , argue the question , without reference to their approbation or disapprobation . If the noble marquis were to act at all in India , his attention must naturally have been directed to 1022 two Points ; the first , whether he had any right whatever to interfere in Oude ? the other , whether the occasion on which he did interfere was sufficient to justify him in such interference ? As to the first point , no man , considering the relation which subsisted between the British possessions and the province of Oude , could possibly question the right of the British government to interfere with the affairs of that province . By treaty , Oude was to be defended by the British . By policy , Oude must be defended by the British ; for to defend Bengal without defending Oude was impossible . Undeniably , therefore , the British government were justified in interfering authoritatively , and compelling the introduction into that country of an adequate military force . Who , then , was to be the judge of the quantity of the force which ought to be so introduced ? What said sir John Shore , by whom the treaty with Oude had been concluded ? He considered himself the proper judge . Had not lord Cornwallis declared , that if the reform in Oude were not carried into effect voluntarily , he should be obliged to compel the nabob to provide for his military defence ? Moreover , had not that noble lord appointed two ministers of the nabob to carry his orders into execution , assuring them that he would support them against their master in the fulfilment of this task ? How idle was it , then , to talk of the independence of