effect of the ordinary and extraordinary recruiting which was in force before it ; and the manner in which it effected its purpose , was , in itself , sufficient to give it a superiority over the measures which were now brought into comparison with it . The noble lord 's boast , that his measures had done as much , was much the same sort as that of gentlemen known at Astley 's and Hughes 's by the name of Mr. Merryman , whose office in the piece was to repeat whatever had been done by the leading performer , but with the omission of the only circumstance which could render the feat of any value . Should the principal tumbler , for instance , throw what is called a somerset , that is to say , turn heels over head in the air , Mr. Merryman instantly rolled over on the floor , upon his head and his breech , and then looked cunningly round to the spectators , as who should say , have not I done the same thing . If the rider at any time vaulted into the saddle by placing his hand on the pommel , Mr. Merryman climbed up by the mane or the tail , and triumphed in the idea of his being equally seated . It was the merit of his measure that it raised the men by the ordinary recruiting alone ; while the measures with which it was compared , procured them by means expensive and violent , and which exhausted the sources of recruiting in future . The comparison between the extraordinary measures of other administrations , and his measure , was just the same as that of a man with 100,000l . capital , with a man having 40,000l . a-year . The former could exceed the other for a period , even of a couple of years , by 10,000l . a-year ; but , at the end of that time , the capitalist would be in gaol , while the other would be jogging on at the same undiminished rate of 40,000l . a-year . His measure had been but twelve months in force , when its produce equalled that of the prior ordinary 987 recruiting and the additional force act together , during the six months that they were most productive . When the noble lord talked of 36,000 men from the militia , it should never be lost sight of that many of these were enlisted into the militia as substitutes , costing , at times , 60 or 70 guineas , to which was to be added , the further bounty for entering into the line . As to the reflection on the number of boys in-introduced under his measure , he knew not on what the idea was founded . The system of limited service had apparently no more tendency to get boys instead of men , than other systems had to get boys instead of girls . If there was any such tendency , it would be the highest recommendation of the measure , as it could proceed from nothing but the greater readiness with which parents would part with their children , when there was a hope of their return , than when they considered the service as carrying them away for ever . On this topic of boys , he should be glad to know if what he had heard was true , that in certain militia regiments , some of them not far from the place in which he was speaking , there were not only numerous boys received , but paid also in a way different from what they were in the army , that is to say , placed upon full pay . As to the increased allowances from Chelsea , that was a measure which stood on its own grounds , and required to be adopted on the bare considerations of justice and humanity . An attempt was made to account for the success of the late system by the increased number of recruiting parties , and an insinuation conveyed at the same time