. My head is not strong enough to stand there , and to survey , without giddiness and terror the abyss of disgrace and destruction below . One can not help feeling an unwillingness to discuss truths so self-evident , and so important , to which our obedience should be habitual , and implicit . There is a want of respect for them , even in defending them : the controversy necessarily throws an air of doubtfulness over truths however certain and venerable . It is saying nothing , to say that there are exceptions to such generalities , for there are very few , and when they occur they bring the evidence of their necessity along with them . Necessity , if it comes at all , comes like an armed man , and resistance is foolish and impracticable.—There may be doubts , as to nice and difficult cases , but we know , we certainly know , where the truth lies , as we know where about the sun is in the heavens , although clouds prevent his appearance . It is not true that there exists the supposed war between theory and practice , between reasoning and life . Theory may be foolish , may be inapplicable , and theorists may be silly or wicked , but philosophy is no more to be accountable for the errors of philosophers , than religion is answerable for the errors of priests . In the latter case , luckily , we have learnt to make the distinction , but we have still to learn to make it in the former.—But , sir , the authority of this new sect , of this prevalent heresy , needs not shake us in our convictions . It is an old and worn-out sophistry , patched up and vamped , and glossed over for the present occasion . The laws of nations are as true as if they had never been disputed , and all we can say is , that we must 1202 pity those who dispute them . The attempt can not injure even the surface of such solid truths , and the impression will pass away like the effect of breathing on polished silver.—A slight mist that vanishes in a moment.—Ignorance alone can call such opinions in question , and ignorance , we know , is given to despise whatever she does not understand . An untaught man can see in a book only inky unmeaning scrawls , where an instructed mind reads the sublimest truths , or the most affecting eloquence.—I should , sir , however have rejoiced to say , that no authority greater than that of violent party , or ministerial speeches , had lent it 's countenance to these dreadful doctrines . No man of humanity , nor of honour , can read , I should think , without shuddering , two passages put by ministers into the Declaration against Denmark . 'That his majesty has long carried on a most unequal contest of scrupulous forbearance against unrelenting violence and oppression . That it was time that the effects of that dread which France has inspired into the nations of the world , should be counteracted by an exertion of the power of Great Britain . ' Combining , sir , these passages in the Declaration with the principles avowed by ministers , and their advocates , it seems that , serious as the facts are which we are . now considering , that the principles of British policy are to be lowered down to our practice , or rather degraded below it 's level.—Men in general are said to become attached to their principles as they do to their children , by the sacrifices they make to them , but we , sir , seem to look back on our past scrupulosity with regret , and to consider all the years of our adherence to good faith , as so much time thrown away and lost.—We are more unwilling that others should be knaves , than that we should be such ourselves.—So , then , it seems , that after contending with violence and injustice ,