of the royal family , and particularly to the duke of York . What he wished to know was , whether this statement was correct ; and if so , upon what ground it was that his majesty could seize the property of nations not at war with this country ? was willing to give the hon . baronet every information he required on the subject . But first he must apprise the hon . baronet of a misapprehension which he seemed to labour under , With respect to the principle upon which his majesty 's right to the property in question was founded . It was true that the property had been seized previous to his majesty 's formal declaration of war , but war had since been declared , and the question respecting the property had .been referred to the competent tribunal and condemned . The right of his majesty , therefore , grounded upon such a decision , was incontrovertible . It 410 was true that his majesty had granted a certain sum out of the proceeds of such property to each of the junior male branches of the royal family , and to the duke of York amongst the rest . thanked the right hon . gent . for the frankness of his answer , and intimated his intention to bring the subject before parliament on a future day . moved , That the several Papers presented to the house in January , Feb. March , June and July , 1806 , and in Feb. 1807 , relative to the Affairs of the Province of Oude , be taken into consideration on Monday the 22d inst . took this opportunity of expressing his opinion , that the best mode of proceeding would not be that which the noble lord had stated , but that it would be better to refer the papers to a committee , to arrange and make their report . The papers already printed were so voluminous , that it was difficult indeed for the house to understand the subject , unless the necessary papers were selected in this manner . The subject was very comprehensive , extending to the whole system of policy in India for a considerable time . It would be recollected , that with respect to the policy of the marquis Wellesley 's government , the East India directors had , with an unanimity unprecedented against the opinion of government , decided by a majority of 23 directors out of 24 , against the noble marquis . When government afterwards sent marquis Cornwallis to succeed him , they evidently disapproved of his administration . He thought it was necessary that the dispatches of marquis Cornwallis , expressing his opinion of the conduct of his predecessor , should be before the house . thought it was unusual to interfere with any hon . member in the manner in which he might think proper to bring forward any business before that house . When the noble lord should bring forward his Resolutions , that would be the proper time for offering such observations as occurred to any hon . gent . on the subject . It appeared to him , that as those papers had been already nearly four years before the house , it would be the best way to proceed to a vote upon those papers . The general policy of the system of government in India would be brought before the discussion of the house in another shape . said , that it had always 411 been his wish , and that of all the friends of the noble marquis , that the house should come to a decision with as much speed as was consistent with due consideration . His noble relation was in a most unpleasant situation . Four years had now elapsed since the subject was first introduced , and it was nearly two years since the noble lord had moved for papers . It must be painful to the feelings of any individual to have such charges hanging over his head for an indefinite length of time ; and the consequence which he thought