been considered as a military blunder , ( the not pursuing and exterminating , as he certainly could have done , upon all military calculation , the remainder of the Russian force , ) was not only an act of forbearance on his part , but an act of great prudence and sagacity.—But , Sir , to return to the correspondence . On the 28th of June , lord Granville Leveson wrote another letter to gen. Budberg , in which be expresses his alarm at the silence of gen. Budberg upon the subject of negociation in concert , and declares the readiness of the court of London to enter into such negociation , ending the sentence with this expression , `` since it had made war ( meaning England ) , for the sole purpose of obtaining a secure and permanent peace . '' [ p . 110 . ] —Sir , that expression from the pen of the noble lord whom I am glad to see present at our deliberations , is most remarkable ; for I think that noble lord might have said , and could not but say consistently with his former declarations , which are also upon the table of this house , that England would never make peace until she had completely destroyed the power of Buonaparte . Sir , I beg to read to you an article of the treaty of confederation be- 809 tween England , Austria , and Russia , executed on the 11th of April 1805 , the æra the last disastrous coalition against France , which is signed by lord G. L. Gower ; that article designates the object of the league , and what it is proposed to carry into effect by the concert against France , namely , `` The evacuation of the country of Hanover , and of the north of Germany ; The establishment of the independence of the republics of Holland and Switzerland ; The re establishment of the king of Sardinia in Piedmont , with as large an augmentation of territory as circumstances will admit ; The future security of the kingdom of Naples , and the complete evacuation of Italy ( the island Elba included ) by the French forces ; The establishment of an order of things in Europe , which may effectually guarantee the independence of the different states , and present a solid barrier against future usurpations . `` —The last article is a generality upon which we need not dwell , but I think no man in his senses could have had in contemplation the accomplishment of any of the former articles , which are specific , without at the same time contemplating the entire demolition of the power of the French empire . Therefore , Sir , I am much surprised to find the expression I have quoted in the letter of the noble lord ; and I do not think that with truth and justice it can be said , that the sole purpose of the war made by England has been the obtaining a secure and permanent peace . If it had , the war might have been concluded long ago . Indeed it need never have been undertaken . This letter of my lord Granville Leveson is followed by a note from gen. Budberg to his excellency , dated at Tilsit on the 30th of June . [ p. 111 , ] I beg the house to remark that this correspondence began only eight days after the battle of Friedland ; and that the letter from which I am now about to quote was written by gen. Budberg , several days before the treaty of Tilsit was signed . This letter contains several reproaches against England for tardiness and want of co-operation in the war . As I have before said , I will put aside for the present , any consideration of the justice or injustice of those complaints ; but one can not help observing , that these complaints urged on the part of the emperor of Russia , in the moment of irritation and disappointment , even if ill-founded , were excusable