of persevering in a course of proceeding not to be sustained by any sound or just principle , —and concluded with expressing his most serious apprehensions , that the passions of the present day would become the source of eternal misfortune to mankind . had often lamented the great distance of America , which had been very inconvenient in our negociations with that country ; but he was glad , on the present occasion , that the distance was such that America would decide the question upon their own grounds . One would have thought that we were upon the eve of a war with America , and that the noble lord 's speech was a declaration against it ; but whatever disputes existed with America at present , arose chiefly out of the measures of the former government , and not from any thing done by the present ministers . He contended , that the Order in Council , of the 7th of Jan. proceeded exactly upon the same principle as the present , and that it would have been the most futile in the world if it had not done so . He then proceeded to consider the statutes that had been referred to ; and affirmed , that they only provided against the king 's meddling by his prerogative with matters of trade , without confining it with regard to other matters . He was clearly of opinion that we had a full right of retaliation , by the law of nations . The injury which the neutral sustained consequently was no violation of that law . The French decree , in the obvious sense of it , justified that retaliation . The noble lords on the other side had quoted precedents and authority . He would make use of that privilege , and re- 975 fer to the decision of the present judge of the admiralty court in the case of the American ship the Sampson . That ship had been captured by a Spanish privateer , and on her way to a Spanish port was relieved by a British cruizer . The question was , whether salvage should be allowed , the general principle being , that no salvage should be allowed where the neutral was in no danger , but must have been set at liberty when arrived in port . His lordship read the decision where a view was taken of the probable meaning of the Decree of France . The answer to general Armstrong was adverted to , and pronounced to be a most weak and flimsy production of the minister of marine , an officer similar to our first lord of the admiralty . The French decree made no exception in favour of America , and was so understood by the commander of the Spanish privateer . And , although the judge had not seen the Spanish Decree , it was natural to conclude that it would be the same as that of France . With respect to certificates of origin , his lordship observed , that the noble baron ( Grenville ) had compared them to things from which they were totally different . The Mediterranean passes were merely papers stating that such and such vessels were our property , in order to protect them from the Barbary cruizers . The certificates required by our navigation laws were papers to shew that the vessels , & c. actually belonged to the countries from which they came . But these certificates of origin were given to shew that such and such vessels and cargoes were not British property , granted with a view directly hostile to us , and signed by persons who could have no object at the ports at which they were stationed , except a hostile one to us . It was doubtful whether vessels carrying such certificates would not , by the law of nations , be liable to confiscation without our Orders in Council . observed , that the noble lords on the other side had not even attempted to answer the arguments of his noble friend , but had run away from the question ;