to prevent the Danes from being prepared to meet us with adequate resistance , then the great amount of the Danish preparations , and then the merit of the Transport Board . Thus , what the noble lord gave with one hand he took away with the other . Government sent a force sufficient to render resistance unavailing ; and in this principle they were right ; then came the difficulties to be conquered and the resistance which it was such a merit to have overcame . Then the noble lord said a force had been collected which was sufficient to render success difficult and doubtful , and this laid the foundation for a compliment to the skill of the commander . It was not to be doubted , that the zeal of the Danish inhabitants led them to do every thing that could be expected from them : but they were not a force of such a description , as an officer bred to regular warfare would take credit to himself for having overcome . He thought it a thing to be deprecated that in the midst of the services every day passing , any glory should be taken from the reduction of Copenhagen . The fact was , the city was reduced by the distress brought on it by the bombardment . He did not condemn the bombardment as a means of reducing the town , if the town was to be reduced , but he did not think it a foundation on which to build a structure of glory.—On these grounds , considering the question as entirely distinct from the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , he did not think the service deserving the thanks of the house . To bestow such a reward where it was not deserved , was to undervalue and degrade the reward itself . It would have the effect of diminishing the estimation of it , where it had been already given , and to sink the ambition to seek it in future . He again lamented the marks of exultation so improperly displayed , by way of contrast , he supposed , to the actual sorrow that prevailed . He also lamented , 175 however high his personal respect for the individuals , the grant of the peerage to lord Cathcart and lord Gambier . He had the pleasure of knowing and living in some degree on terms of friendly intercourse with both , and had a high esteem for their characters , both in their profession and out of it . Lord Cathcart was a soldier , the son of a soldier , and the father of soldiers , and had served meritoriously in the army ever since the American war ; and lord Gambier , though but little employed for many years in active service at sea , was remembered as a sharer in the memorable victory of lord Howe on the 1st of June , and as having contrived to distinguish himself , so far as a single captain could , in that distinguished action . Still he thought the services performed by them on this occasion did not warrant that exertion of the prerogative in their favour , and he highly blamed his majesty 's ministers for advising their sovereign to grant these honours , and for proposing these thanks . If any thing should be kept distinct from party feeling , it was the granting of these naval and military rewards , without any other motive than the consideration of mere military merit . Would the honours bestowed on these officers acquit the noble lord of the censure that would attach to the nature of the expedition ? Would it not rather be concluded , that being granted with that view , they only served to aggravate the greater and weightier offence which had been already committed ? This sort of grant was an instance of the worst species of ministerial corruption , in as much as it went to the destruction of that fund of honorary rewards , in which the poorest man in the country , if the case were properly explained to