, but that he peremptorily refused , and declared that nothing should induce him to violate his neutrality . I have heard a gentleman on whose veracity I can rely , say , that at the very time our expedition was pro- 76 ceeding against Copenhagen , the crown prince was in Holstein with thirty thousand Danish troops and forty thousand militia , ready to defend Holstein against Bonaparte ; and determined to persevere to the last man , rather than he induced to violate his neutrality . Now , sir , it is said that if Buonaparte was in Holstein , he must next , as a thing of course , have taken possession of Zealand , but if I am rightly informed , nothing was so nearly an impossibility as that the . French could have taken possession of Zealand , if the prince ' was determined to fight for its security , sustained by the assistance we might have afforded him . It is next said , that by the attack on Copenhagen we have gained an important advantage , in the possession of a Fleet , which must otherwise have fallen into the possession of the French . Why , sir , I am ready to excuse his maj. 's Ministers most completely upon this subject , if they will prove to me that Denmark was unable to defend Holstein . I say they are bound to make out their case by some such proof , or they have no right to call on this house to sanction their conduct.—But it is asked , what have you got ? and what have you lost ? and it has been fairly stated in answer , that we have got the ships , but they have got the men ; that we have got the Body , and our enemy the Soul , of the Danish navy . Yet for this , the honour of the country is tarnished , and the crime aggravated , by the refusal of ministers to lay any information before parliament to justify the outrage . But it is said , forsooth , that by this capture of the Danish Fleet , you have prevented the invasion of Ireland . By the way , this is the first notice , that , in the course of this discussion , his majesty 's ministers have deigned to take of that country , which , from their professions at the close of the last session , I should have expected to find a prominent feature in the speech from the throne . But , instead of an act of the grossest outrage and injustice against Denmark , to prevent the danger you apprehend from an invasion of Ireland , and for which you are so much alarmed , why have you not taken the stronger and more obvious mode of securing to yourselves that Country , by resorting to measures of conciliation and justice , rather than by an attack on the territory of a suspected foe . In God 's name , if you would secure the British empire , if you would make peace with Buonaparte , first make peace with Ireland , by conciliating the affec- 77 tions of the Irish people , and you will then have a security for your defence infinitely superiour to what any of this sort can afford you . First protect and conciliate , and then you may firmly confide in the population of that country without any necessity for seizing on the fleets of your real or supposed enemies to guard her against invasion.—But , sir , beside the attainment of ships which we did not want , what are the other advantages we have reaped from this expedition I understand they consist of hemp and timber taken from the Danish arsenals , adequate to one month 's supply for the British navy ; and for which , beside the expence and the odium of the capture , the country will still have to pay at the highest rate of valuation according to the market price of those commodities . But , sir , is