to induce it to come to this decision , he should shortly recapitulate the circumstances on which he meant to ground a motion ; and he was confident that if the house did not adopt some resolution similar to that which he meant to propose , it would be impossible to go on with the transaction of public business in the way in which it had hitherto been conducted , and that there was an end at once to the constitution of parliament . The first point he wished to establish was , the difference that there was between simply answering a question which might be put for the sake of obtaining information on any particular subject , and the practice which the right hon . secretary had introduced , of reading extracts from official papers in the course of debate , to serve any temporary purpose which he might have in view , either in his private 900 or official capacity . There was as great a difference between these , with regard to the forms of that house , as there was in a court of law between the speech of a leading counsel in the cause , and the evidence he adduced in support of the pleadings . The right hon . secretary , not contented with giving his own representation in support of that side of the question which he espoused , had brought forward a chain of evidence , the truth of which it was not in the power of the house to verify , for the sake of influencing its decision upon the question at issue . On the 3d of Feb. certain papers had been moved for by a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Ponsonby ) ; and in the debate which took place , the discussion embraced not only the motions for papers , but the conduct of the individuals to which these papers referred . On that evidence the secretary of state for the foreign department read extracts from two of those papers which had been moved for , for the purpose of putting the house in possession of the information necessary to enable it to form a judgment of the propriety of the hostile proceedings which government had adopted against Denmark . On the 8th of Feb. another hon . friend of his ( Mr. Whitbread ) moved for the production of those very papers from which the secretary of state had read extracts on the 3d of Feb. on the ground that the extracts which had been given conveyed a different impression to the house from that which the writers of these dispatches ( lord Howick and Mr. Garlike ) intended to convey . On the 3d of Feb. the reason given for not producing the whole of these papers was , that their contents could not be disclosed without detriment to the public service ; and , on the 8th of Feb. the right hon . secretary had persisted in opposing their production , on the pretence that he had not misrepresented , in the extracts which he had read from them , the opinions of lord Howick and Mr. Garlike . On the 26th of Feb. however , the right hon . gent . had come down to the house , and himself moved for the production of those very papers , the contents of which , on the 3d of Feb. he had contended it would be unsafe to disclose , and the production of which he had resisted on a different ground on the 8th of Feb. for the purpose , as he stated then , of vindicating his own character ! When the right hon . gent . read the extracts from these papers on the 3d of Feb. it was not done with the view of communicating information to the house , 901 but for the purpose of influencing its judgment upon an important public question . It was not done preparatory to a proceeding , but on the very model of a proceeding which was to terminate in adjudication ; and it was upon this ground that he pronounced