) that the nabob had at the instant been raised to the musnud , as the lineal successor , and Vizier Ali displaced ( whose partizans were then very numerous , in the country between Benares and Oude ) ; that scarcely warm in his seat , he was apprehensive of the advantage which might be taken of Zemaun Shah 's approach , and of the flight of Vizier Ali into Gorruckpore with 6000 men , after the murder of Mr. 1097 Cherry at Benares by the enemies of the company and himself , to excite mutiny amongst his troops ? But was there any thing like mutiny or disaffection amongst his troops at the time of your projected reform ? Was there any vizier Ali to create mutiny ; or any approach of Zemaun Shah to encourage it ? That different regiments mutinied at times when long arrears were due to them , could not be brought as a reason ; it is well known that scarcely any power in Hindoostan is exempt from such instances . Their troops are always greatly in arrear ( I wish ours may not often be so ) , and when the abuse becomes intolerable , it remedies itself . The troops mutiny , march to the seat of government , get paid , and return again to obedience . But then they are wholly inefficient , it is said : —not wholly so , whilst all are most fit for the enforcing and collection of revenue ( as will be seen hereafter ) The evidence on your table proves that some , particularly the troops of Almas Ali Khan , the great Aumil of the Doab , are efficient . in our opinion ; but are they not all as much so as Mussulmen troops are in general throughout the world ? It is not the question whether they are as efficient as European troops ; but whether we had the right to disband them at our will and pleasure ? But it has been urged that the peculiar situation in which we were placed at the time , rendered it absolutely necessary that a considerable reform should take place in the Vizier 's troops ; that our north-western frontier was endangered by the threatened return of Zemaun Shah , and by the influence of France in the western part of India . It has been added even that the French were in Egypt when lord Wellesley landed in India . Such an excuse for this act of oppression and tyranny ( for I will presently chew that even then it would have been merely pretence ) might have been advanced ; but when the victory of Aboukir , and the subsequent successes of the British arms in Egypt , ( long before the conclusion of this scheme of rapine ) had annihilated the French power in the east—when the conquest of Tippoo Saib had destroyed French influence in India , how can such an argument be advanced for the measure ? Zemaun Shah too was destroyed ; and although his brother , Mahmood Shah , was pledged to pursue the same career , and to attack British India , yet was he likely to be more formidable than his brother ? Was the situation of India more danger- 1098 ous , after the destruction of Tippoo and the conquest of Egypt , than before ? and what were the preparations made to resist Zematin Shah in 1798 ? Why , 15,000 men ( exclusive of those left to protect the nabob ) under the command of sir James Craig . The treaty of Lucknow compelled you to have 13,000 men ; surely 7000 more , the extent of sir James Craig 's wishes , might have been sent from the British provinces , to defend its north western frontiers ; for was the invasion of Zemaun Shah directed solely against the nabob of Oude ? was it not equally , and especially directed against the British power in India ? and were we to contribute nothing to our defence , and the nabob every thing ? Was this just or reasonable