our difficulties , commanding the respect of other powers , and encouraging us in an humble but confident reliance on the ultimate protection and blessing of Providence . Unwilling as we are even yet to pronounce definitively on a subject the full knowledge of which has been so pertinaciously withheld from us , and reluctant as we must ever be to admit conclusions unfavourable to the justice of those councils by which his majesty 's conduct has been actuated , we are yet compelled on such an occasion to speak to his majesty the language of truth . And we must therefore , with all humility , and with the most unfeigned and heartfelt sorrow , represent , that in a ease which above all others required the clearest proof , every presumption is against us , and that no particle of evidence has yet been adduced by which our national character can be vindicated from the guilt of an unprovoked and premeditated violation of that good faith , justice and humanity which have hitherto been at once the glory and the safeguard of the British empire . '' rose to oppose the Address . So far from any fair ground existing in support of such an address , to him it ap- 876 peared that there was abundant cause to commend , instead of censuring the conduct of ministers with respect to the Copenhagen expedition . The noble lord then took a survey of all the circumstances which had marked the transaction , and concluded with reading a Resolution of approbation , which it was his intention to move , if the Address moved by the noble earl should be negatived . highly regretted the degree of national dishonour that had been brought upon the country by the shameful conduct of ministers , in sending a large armed force to attack the territories , and seize the shipping of a neutral power . It was unaccountably strange , that ministers should still persist in asserting the necessity of that odious measure in order to frustrate the secret articles of the treaty of Tilsit , of which ministers pretended to have known the substance . We were publicly challenged by the enemy to produce the least evidence of the assertions which ministers had put into the sacred mouth of his majesty : yet we were totally incapable of supporting them by the least shadow of evidence . The noble lord said , he detested to hear the plea of necessity and self-preservation urged in our defence . It was particularly calculated to instil into the British people passions and opinions subversive of that liberality and generosity that distinguished our ancestors . Had France even got possession of the 16 Danish ships , the acquisition could not materially injure this country , or increase our alarms of invasion , whilst we should have been secure of the friendship and attachment of the Danish people , and their indignation at the French for forcing them to abandon their esteemed neutrality , and become a party in an unnatural war . Without possessing the hearts of the Danish people , Buonaparte could do us little injury through their means ; whilst under their present circumstances , they must be filled with the utmost resentment by our unparalleled outrage . His lordship then entreated the house to vindicate the tarnished honour of the country , and shew to the nation , to Europe , and to the world their abhorrence of so flagrant a breach of the laws of civilized nations . defended the expedition , and contended that , after the battle of Friedland , it was evident that Denmark was unable to defend the neutrality , and must make her election between England and France ; and that it was also evident 877 from her previous conduct that her inclinations were with France.—The house divided : Contents-26 Proxies 25—51 Non-contents-56 -54—110 Majority—59 Whilst strangers were excluded there was a short conversation on the motion of lord Eliot , for an Address to his majesty , stating , `` That this house , considering the Declarations laid before them by his majesty 's