being deterred from doing its duty , from an apprehension of displeasing the other house of parliament . Neither could he agree with those , who thought that the object of the bill was so unimportant as had been represented , when it was recollected , that the late chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland had stated that it was impossible to carry some measures of reform in that country into effect , from the circumstance of some improvident grants having been made of Offices in Reversion . He thought also , that it would be much better for the house directly to negative the present measure , than to render its operations ineffectual by indirect means . in reply , expressed a hope that the chancellor of the exchequer would give sufficient notice of the precise nature of the clauses which he meant to propose , and also of the time when he meant to propose them . As far as he now understood them , he was of opinion that their . tendency went completely to disappoint the object which he had in view in moving for the bill.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . pursuant to notice , moved , `` That a committee be appointed to inquire how far the evils attending Lotteries have been remedied by the laws passed respecting the same , and to , report their observations thereon to the house , together with such further measures as may be necessary for remedying the same . '' The hon . gent . prefaced his motion by several observations , which , from the low tone in which they were delivered , we feel it impossible to detail . The general purport of them was , to show the loss sustained by the public from the present mode of contracting for Lotteries , and the artifices used to seduce the lower 1269 classes of the people to adventure in the same , to the great injury and impoverishment of their families . He quoted a passage from a statute , which stated Lotteries to be public nuisances , and agreed that the evil had of late risen to such a height , as to call for the interference of the legislature . The contractors , however , were not so much to blame ; as , by purchasing the Lotteries , at a rate so much higher than the real value of the tickets , they were constrained to use the means they resorted to for the purpose of bringing themselves home again without injury ; and if , from the report of the committee which he proposed should be appointed , it should be thought desirable that the present mode of carrying on Lotteries should be discontinued , he was of opinion that such persons as had embarked property in such speculations should be saved harmless . did not mean to oppose the motion , though , at the same time , he was not prepared to say that if it was the object of the hon . gent . to abolish the present system of Lotteries , by which the public gained to the amount of 5 or 600,000l . annually , he should content to any such proposition . There had been many remedies provided by statute for evils arising from Lotteries , and as he could not say that others might not also be devised , he should agree to the motion of the hon . gent . for a committee to enquire . As to the statute which had been quoted by the hon . gent. , he had only to observe , that it had been passed for abolishing unlicensed Lotteries , and did not at all apply to those Lotteries which were every year sanctioned by an act of the legislature , and the evils of which even had been aggravated , of late years , by the practice of granting private lotteries by act of parliament , much to the prejudice of the public lotteries . If the object of the hon . gent . was to reduce to price of tickets to