to take it up , though at the same time he was bound to state , that if , after a reasonable time , no step should appear to have been taken , he should think it his duty to bring forward the subject by a specific motion . did not mean to give any opposition to the bringing up this Petition , though after the statement of the right hon . gent . he felt called upon to make one or two observations . He agreed with the right hon . gent . that when questions of this description arose , the proper course to take was , to see at first how far the executive government might be disposed to interfere for the redress of the abuses complained of . An appeal to the government was , therefore , the most correct proceeding in the first instance , because it was competent to the executive to direct a thorough investigation into the matters complained of , and if the circumstances of the case should be such as to warrant the proceeding , to order a criminal prosecution against the offending parties . This was the view which he had of the subject , and the right hon . gent . himself seemed to acquiesce in it . The communication that had been made to government was conveyed in a private form , which could not regularly be acted upon , and he had , in consequence , recommended that the matter should be officially communicated to the executive ; in which case , he pledged himself , that so far as he was individually concerned , no time should be lost , nor any means left untried to ascertain the justice of the complaint . He had thought this a course far preferable to bringing the subject at once before parliament ; because whatever prosecutions the executive might find it necessary to order , 664 upon an investigation of the matter , must come before the grand jury , who would of course come to the consideration of the charge , with less prejudice upon their minds . After he had recommended this mode of proceeding , and upon the grounds he had stated , the petitioners , whether from a just or an unjust distrust of the government , had thought proper to bring the matter publicly before parliament . Though the presentment , it appeared had been made at the Michaelmas Sessions , it was not till after the commencement of the present session of parliament that the matter had been communicated to government . An inquiry too had been made by the magistrates , which , though he could not say whether the result of that inquiry was right or wrong , seemed , from the silence of the parties , a satisfactory answer to the complaint , and therefore no farther steps had been taken till the present time . It had even been inferred , from their not having made the official communication recommended , that the gentlemen themselves , who preferred the complaint , were satisfied with the result of that inquiry . He was sure the right hon . gent . would concur with him , that it would have been much better to have left the business , in the first instance , to the executive government ; but now that the Petition had been brought forward , he had no objection to its lying on the table . observed , that the petitioners had not shewn any unfair distrust of government , remembering as they did that no efficient measures of redress had been adopted , founded on the report of 1800 , and because there could be no efficient redress without the dismissal of Mr. Aris . As to an official communication , it was impossible for the petitioners to make it , because the grand jury had been dissolved previous to the communication . It was as private individuals that they appeared as petitioners before parliament , and not in any aggregate capacity . repeated , that the only communication made to government was of a private