, certainly , reason to believe that there was treachery in some part of the Portuguese government , and to that part must be attributed the occasional prevalence of French interest , and the concealment of the advance of part of the French army , at a time when assurances were given that it would not pass the frontiers.—It was remarkable , that while the application of force at Copenhagen was condemned by the gentlemen opposite , the non-application of it at Lisbon was censured no less severely ; but so it would have been if the force had been 'applied at Lisbon , and negotiation at Copenhagen . Censure would have still followed the force and the negotiation . Copenhagen , then , would have been lost by foolish confidence , and Portugal outraged by unprincipled and impolitic violence . A French army could not have reached Lisbon in less than five or six weeks ; but a French army was on the very frontier of Holstein , ready to overrun that province , and to enter Zealand immediately after . The Danish army was not in a condition to resist ; the , compromise of shutting the ports and surrendering 66 the fleet was of course to be looked for , and then the confidence in Denmark would have been commented on as weak and imbecile as the confidence in Portugal was said to be at present . It was strange that this proceeding with respect to Copenhagen was objected to by the very men who advised the occupation of Madeira without the consent of the Portuguese government in the year 1801 . That measure was viewed with as much indignation by the Portuguese government then , as the seizure of the Danish fleet was now by the court of Denmark . Certainly , the repugnance was as much justified on principle ; but the Portuguese government itself had since recognized the justice and propriety of the proceeding ; for Portugal herself could not have preserved the Island from falling into the hands of France—With respect to the points of mediation and peace , he had no objection to discuss those also at the present moment . Though there was reason after the Treaty of Tilsit , for this country to entertain a more hostile policy towards Russia , every thing that friendship and conciliation could dictate was done to the last moment , when the hostile Declaration came with as much surprize upon Petersburgh as it did upon London . So it was also with respect to Austria . No complaint , no remonstrance , no discussion had preceded the recal of the ambassador of that power ; not even so much as a notice : so it was also with respect to the recal of the Prussian Ambassador ; and here he felt himself called upon to contradict an insinuation in the Moniteur , which charged baron Jacobi with giving to the court of London the secret information respecting the proceedings of the French government in Prussia , when the fact was , that this information came from a British minister . With respect to the late supposed negotiation for peace , no tangible overture had been made by the French , or the Austrian government . Prince Stahremberg , with that generosity of character for which he Was so distinguished , had made an offer of his personal services to institute and establish a pacific intercourse . But that was not the mode of negociation which could be satisfactory to a country like this . The gentlemen at the other side sneered , as if they knew more than he did on this subject . There had been a period within his memory , when the minister of a party had braved the king 's minister in a foreign court [ alluding to Mr. Adair 's 67 conduct at St. Petersburgh , during Mr. Pitt 's first administration ] , but he hoped such an instance would never occur again , and he would not advise any one to try it . The expedition to Constantinople had been instituted at the recommendation of Russia ,