grants in reversion , yet , when the offices so granted should fall in , the power of the crown , in that respect , would be increased rather than diminished . He was of opinion , that grants in reversion were often a cheap mode of rewarding public service , 1333 which would otherwise be to be rewarded by actual and immediate remuneration , at the public expense . Yet , with this opinion , he thought it desirable that the bill should pass both houses of parliament , because public notice had been attracted to it ; and many members of that house , as well as a great portion of the public out of doors , looked upon it as essential , in a high degree ; and though he did not look upon it in that view , he thought so general a feeling ought to be gratified , when no mischief could result therefrom . In this view , he fell in with the propositions of his hon . friend ; and his reason for not declaring himself last night was , that he wanted to be informed of the precise course his hon . friend would take . could not help making a few observations upon what had fallen from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer . He began with doing him the justice to say , that he had acted with perfect consistency throughout the whole course of the proceedings upon the present measure , because he had professed it to be his opinion , from the beginning , that little advantage was likely to be derived from it . He had all along contended , as he had done this evening , that little benefit was to be expected from it in the way of economical reform , and that those who held it up as a desirable measure in this point of view , either completely misunderstood or misrepresented it . He ( Mr. W. ) did not think that it would be productive of much present good , but he did think that it might be productive of great ultimate good . The burdens which the people had to support were various in their nature , there were burdens of feeling as well as burdens of taxation , and to their feelings it would certainly prove no small alleviation.—The hon . gent . expressed his satisfaction that the rt . hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had abandoned his amendments ; from whatever motive he had been induced to do it , whether from a proper deference to the sense of the people , or from the recommendation of the higher classes of the people , or from the advice of some of his colleagues in office . From whatever motive he had done it , he rejoiced at it , because the amendments , had they been introduced into the bill , would have rendered it worse than nugatory . They had no more connection with the limitation of time , than with any other subject to which they might have been applied . The first , which related to giving 1334 notice of the intention of granting an office in the gazette , it would have been easy to evade by giving that notice in the interval of the prorogation of parliament ; and the other , that they should not stand in the way of reform , it would be impossible fairly to carry into effect , without either doing injustice to individuals , or granting them a compensation for the injury they might sustain , out of the public money . These amendments , however , the right hon . gent . was ready to drop , and he now seemed anxious only to pass the bill in such a shape as might not give offence to the other house of parliament , standing there as the advocate and guardian of the honour and dignity of the lords ; though , considering his situation , he ( Mr. W. ) thought that it would have been fully as becoming in him to