what was expected to be a happy termination , when circumstances arose , that might put to hazard the final issue of that negotiation . He had much to complain of the false light in which ignorance or malice had endeavoured to represent it . His noble friends who conducted that negotiation , with talents of which he could not now speak as he ought , because they were present , had been reproached as having made unwarrantable and dangerous concessions to America—concessions which had been causelessly and mischievously held out to the public as the bane of the interests of Great Britain ; yet , while these reproaches were vented against the administration at home , no sooner had the treaty reached America , than the government of the united states were accused of having yielded too much to the British plenipotentiaries . Even the speech by which the session was opened , contained assertions respecting this treaty , which were not correct . It 433 said the treaty had not taken effect by the refusal of the president to ratify it . Now , the president had not refused to ratify it ; but deferred the ratification , as far as the ratification depended upon him , because the treaty contained certain articles , which , though they were agreed upon between the respective plenipotentiaries , were not however signed by them , because some further explanation upon the points they contained , was to be previously had with the American government . As to the concessions that were said to be made to America , in essential points , and which were reprobated as the bane of the interests of England , no assertion could be more unfounded . It was no doubt difficult to say , what were or were not the points which might be conceded , in balancing the interests of the two countries . Since America was declared an independent state in 1782 , many points had arisen in discussions , which had never before been brought .into agitation , Most of them might easily be adjusted by taking for rule , the mutual advantages resulting from an amicable convention between the two countries : but in points that could be fairly considered as essential , never had he , nor those with whom he was connected , consented to make any concession . He considered as essential , what was connected with the preservation of the naval power and pre-eminence of this country , and sooner would he see England perish in a contest for the assertion of her maritime rights , than that she should yield a tittle of them : for these rights once given up , what contest would she be afterwards able to carry on ? They were connected not only with her power , but with her very existence as an independent nation ; and therefore no man could ever think of sacrificing them . This was his firm resolution , and nothing could bring him to depart from it . No dangerous concessions had therefore been made to America in the late treaty ; and when the two governments came coolly to consider its nature and tendency , they would discover that it equally consulted the interests of both countries ; and that , he would repeat , was the only basis upon which any treaty could be solidly and permanently built.—The noble lord then entered into a minute examination of the difficulties that resulted to both countries from the practice of searching merchantmen . From a thousand circumstances , it must be obvious that it was attended with more diffi- 434 culties between American and British officers , than between the officers of any other nation : but a spirit of candour , moderation , and mutual regard , which he could not too forcibly inculcate , would tend to compose every difference upon that head . As to the right of searching national ships of war , it had never been assumed , and should not be practised . The noble lord again implored the house seriously to appreciate the value of an uninterrupted