de Budberg was a man worthy to be conversed with at all , I should have thought it unworthy in me to have harboured such suspicions with regard to him ; and I think that the mind which could entertain them must be of a construction , not the most simple , or free from a disposition to give a colour to things different from that which they ought really to bear . The letter goes on to express suspicions upon other parts of the treaty of Tilsit , and to desire lord Granville Levison to call for explanations upon that public 822 article of the treaty which recognizes the king of Naples , as king of Naples only ; and to ask whether it may not be contradicted by a secret article which adds to this title , that of the two Sicilies . There is no end of creating difficulties of this nature , and there could be no end of asking and answering such questions if the mind was disposed to raise doubt upon every article of the treaty . If there did exist secret articles of this sort , for the reason before given , they could not be disclosed ; and the bare recognition , without a stipulation to co-operate for the purpose of making that recognition effectual , could be of no avail . A stipulation of that nature would directly affect the interests of England ; and you had already been told by general de Budberg , that there existed no such article . In the whole of this dispatch however , Mr. Secretary Canning writes as if he had been acquainted merely with the conciliatory conversation which had taken place between general Budberg and the English ambassador ; and as if he had no knowledge of the angry note respecting the affair of Denmark . He proceeds to direct lord Granville Levison to abstain from all reproach , even when confessing the suspicion of engagements which the king can not but disapprove . Then in the true principles of the new morality , in the conclusion of his letter , he hints that it would be better for the Emperor of Russia to break all the engagements which he has entered into with France , and to return to the alliance of Great Britain , and a co-operation with her in the further prosecution of the war . This is no less than calling upon Russia to violate the most sacred ties , calling upon her to do that which would render it impolitic and inexpedient to enter into any alliance with her yourself ; because if she could be induced to break one treaty , there is no treaty which she could make which she might not on the same principles be called upon by other powers to break . From all obligation she must thenceforward proclaim herself to be absolved , whenever her interest should call for such absolution ; and she is urged to this measure at a time when if she had been infamous enough to take the advice , from the position of the French armies , she must have been involved in total and irremediable ruin.—The dispatch , No . V. [ p . 203 . ] is dated on the following day , the 28th of Sept. and the secretary of state informs lord Granville Levison that he incloses him a copy of the Declaration of the 823 king on the subject of the attack upon Denmark . Having written on the preceeding day with all the documents before him , with a knowledge of which he now writes , desiring the ambassador to abstain from all reproach towards the court of Russia , he now tells him , `` that the offer of mediation tinder all the circumstances which belong to it , was calculated to excite any other feeling rather than that of confidence in the Emperor 's good will ; and that every account received in England , of the temper in which that proposal was made , and of the light in which it was put by the enemy , justified