those points : but do his majesty 's ministers think this will do ? Is their disposition to ameliorate Ireland only to be found in plans for the building glebe houses , the repairing of dilapidated churches , or the increase of protestant charter schools ! Means , which instead of removing , will exasperate the feelings , and aggravate the evils , which it is most desirable to obviate . But , sir , I will keep my pledge with Ireland , and at no distant day bring forward the grievances of that country to the consideration of this house . I was told at the close of last session to demand no pledge , but to trust to ministers , during the recess . Have I any inducement now to confide in them further , when they have not condescended even so much as to mention Ireland in the speech from the throne , as if it was beneath their high and proud notions of vigorous policy ? Shall I post- 82 pone that salutary line of conduct , who , in the present state of the world , look to Ireland as every thing ; to Europe as nothing to this country ? A great Roman orator , speaking of eloquence , has said that to the perfection of that art , the first consideration is action , the second , action , and the third , action . To his majesty 's ministers , sir , I would seriously urge that to the security of this empire amidst the perils that surround us , their first consideration should be . Ireland , their second , Ireland , and their third , Ireland ; for convinced I am , as every thinking man in the country must be , that the loss of Ireland , would entail irretrievable perdition on the British empire . expressed , in strong terms , his mistrust of a set of ministers , who had come into office with an avowed hostility against five million of his majesty 's subjects in Ireland , and said , that he hoped in God he should not see them in their situations that day six months.—The question was then carried without a division . took the oaths and his seat.— New Writs were ordered for the boroughs of Castle Rising , Tregony , Tiverton , and Yarmouth , in the room of the hon . C. Bagot , Mr. G. Wentworth , the hon . Richard Ryder , and Mr. J.C. Jervoise ; the two former of whom had accepted the Stewardship of the . Chiltern Hundreds ; Mr. Ryder the place of Commissioner of the Treasury ; and the latter deceased.— Renewed petitions were presented , complaining of the returns for the following places , and ordered to be taken into consideration on the days annexed : Banbury and Saltash , Feb. 2 ; Chippenham , Feb. ; Saltash , and Horsham , Feb 9 ; Evesham , Feb.11 ; county of Sussex and Dublin University , Feb. 16 ; Renfrewshire and Nottingham , Feb. 18 ; Penrhyn , Feb. 23.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer observed , that the house had derived much convenience from the limitation which it fixed last session to the time for receiving Private Petitions , and bringing in Bills thereon , as also for receiving Reports of such bills . He therefore proposed , that a similar regulation should be made in the present session . It was then ordered , that no private petition should be received after the 26th of Feb ; that no bill should be 83 brought in thereon after the 28th of March , and that no report of such bill should be received after the 16th of May . Viscount Hamilton appeared at the bar , and presented the Report of the committee to whom the Address voted last night to his majesty was referred . Upon the motion that the said report be brought up , said , that he could not suffer that last stage of the address to pass without recording his dissent from its substance . He could not