to him by the noble lord ( Folkestone ) he took upon himself to assert that in this as well as in every other measure connected with his arduous administration , lord Wellesley had been 1116 actuated by no personal motive whatever , unless indeed it were that which ( although so nearly connected with him , he trusted he might be permitted to say ) had distinguished every act of his public life , — an anxious and unremitting zeal for the welfare and interest of his country . And he would put into the house , whether , if the reports which had reached this country respecting the designs of Buonaparte upon our possessions in the East Indies , and of the progress which he had made in the furtherance of those designs , be entitled to any credit , whether this was a time to propose to the house to pass a vote of censure upon the measures which are best calculated to defeat his designs ? An hon . director ( Mr. Grant ) had said , that the system of policy pursued by lord Wellesley , during his administration , was likely to prove injurious to our interests in India , at the present crisis of affairs . Did the hon . director think that our interests would have been safer if the power of Tippoo Sultaun were still in existence , with the means which he possessed from the extent of sea-coast , which formed one of the boundaries of his dominions , of facilitating the landing of a French army in the peninsula ? Did he think that our interests would be safer , if the native powers of India were free from all connection with the British government , some of them with large French establishments in their service , one of these permanently stationed upon the most vulnerable part of our frontier , and upon that part of it which ( in the course he was supposed to be pursuing ) would immediately present itself to the enemy ? Was it not evident , that if such were the political state of India , at the present moment , that the danger which was supposed to menace it from the projects of Buonaparte , would be infinitely more formidable than it now is ? And , lastly , he asked , it , at the present crisis of affairs , we derived any security from the destruction of the French power in India , and from the establishment of our influence over the councils of the native princes , was it not solely to be attributed to the measures pursued by his noble relation during his administration ? —He said he had only further to state , that as far as he was personally concerned in the transaction before the house , fully impressed as he was with a sense of the important advantages resulting from it , if he thought it possible that the Resolutions proposed by the noble lord ( Folkestone ) would be sanctioned by 1117 a vote of this house , he certainly should deeply lament it . But there was one part of this transaction to which he had not yet adverted , and to have been concerned in which could not fail , under any circumstances , to afford him the highest gratification ; and that was , that he should have been instrumental to the relief of several millions of people from the most dreadful system of tyranny , oppression , and violence , that ever prevailed in any part of the world . in explanation said , that the war with Tippoo was one of defence . Here the measures were those of aggression . felt great difficulty in offering his opinion upon the conduct of a person , who , on some occasions , had done great service to the country , and to whose motives he did the amplest justice . He had at the outset of the noble marquis 's government in India , been one of the first to offer his tribute of praise to his splendid actions ,