weigh very much with the gentlemen on the other side . He did not suppose that every member had read the papers word for word : but he was satisfied there were very few who had not read them sufficiently to enable them to give a conscientious vote . All that he asked now , was what he had asked before , as speedy a decision as the house in its sense of justice could admit . thought the house was sufficiently in possession , at least of the main facts of the case , to come to a decision on the Oude question at once , without going into the general policy of the system of government in India , which he thought belonged more properly to the general consideration of the Finances of India , of which the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Dundas ) had given notice , or the other general view of that part of the empire to he brought Forward by the hon . gent . below him ( Mr. Creevey ) . It was e-their own fault if any gentlemen were unprepared to come to the decision thought it impossible to decide this night upon the merits of the case , when the minds of gentlemen were not made up as to the proper form of proceeding . He moved as an amendment to the motion , the insertion of the words `` to-morrow se'nnight , '' instead of the word now . '' agreed in the impossibility of going into the merits of the case at so late an hour this night . He was ready to agree in the hon . baronet 's motion , if the house thought fit . allowed , that it was impossible to go into the merits of the case this night . He wished the 708 amendment to be withdrawn , in order to allow the house to decide , whether it would proceed in a house , or refer the case to a committee . When that question should be decided , the proper time for proceeding might be considered ; and he was of opinion , that to-morrow would be preferable to to-morrow se'nnight . It was a vacant day , and it was agreed that it was desirable to hear the noble lord 's charges stated as soon as possible . withdrew his amendment for deferring the further proceeding to tomorrow se'nnight . was ready , for his own part , to proceed to-morrow ; but he understood the gentlemen about him preferred to-morrow se'nnight.—A division was then called for , when there appeared , For the ordinal motion , 21 . For referring the bussiness to a committee 34.—While the gallery was shut a conversation took place about the proper time of taking the subject into consideration again , when it was agreed to make the order for to-morrow se'nnight . presented a Petition from the inhabitants of Oldham and its neighbourhood , in the county Palatine of Lancaster , setting forth , `` That the petitioners experience great inconvenience from a considerable depression of their trade , a depression which causes a reduction in the wages of labour unprecedented in the most afflicting times heretofore known , and which renders it difficult for the most industrious and healthy workman to procure for himself and family the bare necessaries of life ; that the manufacturer is unable to afford him any lasting relief , for , even with this reduced state of wages , he can not find a market for goods that will return him a profit adequate to his expences and risks ; that in the train of these distresses follow the increase of the poor rates , the numerous assignments , bankruptcies , and all the various acts whereby the property of others becomes injured and insecure ; that the petitioners are persuaded , that the ultimate cause of most of the evils here complained of is the war in which we are unfortunately engaged , which has been prolonged to an unusual length , and which the powers of the continent alledge we intend