petition . '' acknowledged , that nothing could be more candid than the statement of his noble friend , but still he felt himself not bound to produce the correspondence moved for , because some of it was of a private nature , and because , it produced , it could answer no purpose . It was true , the conduct of his noble friend in displacing Mr. Giffard was looked upon as rather harsh by some of the protestant gentlemen in Ireland , and in this country : and indeed , when it was recollected what Mr. Giffard had suffered during the rebellion , and on other occasions , with respect to persons naturally most dear to him , these sufferings would carry with them some excuse for his intemperate behaviour . highly approved of the conduct of the noble earl , on that occasion , and thought that the statement he had just made , abundantly justified that conduct.—After a short explanation from lord Hawkesbury , lord Hardwicke withdrew his motion . [ ORDERS IN COUNCIL BILL . ] On the motion for the , first reading of this bill , signified that he had an objection in form to any further proceeding in this measure . it was in direct contradiction to the standing order of the house , of 1702 ; and if their lordship 's allowed that order to be infringed , there would be an end of their best privileges , and of their deliberative capacity . This the noble baron proceeded to shew from a variety of cases , and from the nature and necessity of the standing order to which he had referred . confessed that the objection was an important one , and that sufficient time should be allowed to take it into consideration . He thought , however , the bill should first be printed . would not object to the printing of the bill , but was of Opinion that the debate which had arisen on his objection to the form of the bill should be adjourned to Wednesday.—This suggestion was , acquiesced in . , pursuant to the notice given for him a few days since by a noble friend of his ( lord Folkestone ) , had to offer a clause , to prevent officers from being dismissed from the army by any other means than the sentence of a court martial . He thought such a provision of essential importance to the army , to the interests of the crown , and those of the country . The form of the proposition he had to make was so moderate , that he did not conceive any objection could be made to it . He was not aware of any opposition being intended , except from some loose ideas that had been thrown out , of its trenching on the prerogative . He did not think it did . But even if it were true that it did , he should not think that would be a reasonable objection with the house , if he could shew that the power , so far as he meant to correct it , had been exercised in a manner detrimental to the honour of the crown , and the interests of the army and of the country . The army itself was constitutionally looked upon .as a great infringement made by the crown on the prerogative of the people . He did not say it was an unnecessary infringement . But as the army was constitutionally an invasion of the liberties of the people , the principle of limiting in some respects the arbitrary power of the crown , with respect to the army , could not be looked upon as trenching on the prerogative of the crown , which held the army only by the indulgence of parliament . He contended that no prerogative of the crown , ought to infringe on the liberties of the people . The clause he should propose had nothing in view but to secure that justice and fair dealing which should always mark the proceedings of the crown toward the people . He