as right ; and an inconsistency was , the blaming others for doing that , which , in precisely similar circumstances , you had refused to do yourselves . We had heard of the designs of France on the fleet of Portugal , just as the hon . gent . had of her designs on the fleet of Copenhagen . We had it moreover on the deck ration of Buonaparte himself , who was pretty apt to keep his word in these matters . But as we were fully determined not to proceed to an extremity of this sort , but upon the clearest as well as most certain necessity , we confined ourselves , it the first instance , to measures of proper precaution ; and , the necessity not appearing , withdrew from the intention altogether.—But would there have been no difference in the measures themselves ? Besides that the presumption of danger was greater from a French army at Bayonne than from fie French army in Holstein , there was a difference between the two measures that was vital . The 289 right hon . gent . therefore , had no reason to exult in a comparison which made against him , and he might address him in the words of the poet— Can nothing nut thine own reproach , Serve fur a motto for thy coach . The Portuguese fleet was not to have been seized by Earl St. Vincent , till Portugal had refused our assistance to defend her territory ; till advices should have been received of the actual entrance of a French army into Portugal , and till it should be manifest to all the world , and particularly to the Portuguese themselves , that if we did not take possession of the Ships , they would be seized by France . He allowed that the collusion of the neutral state , or the inability to resist apprehended force , was a sufficient reason for securing the means of that neutral from the grasp of the enemy . But the necessity should be evident . Because the necessity was not evident , the late ministers had not acted at Lisbon . The necessity , was as little evident when the present ministers acted at Copenhagen . The new system of morality was , it seemed , to be acted upon by his majesty 's ministers in every instance , not only in their public acts and papers , but in their statements in that house . The scholars of the old school stated as fact , only what they knew to he true . The present ministers stated , as fact , not only what they knew to be false , but what they knew must be stated and proved to be so in five minutes after their assertion.—The right hon . gent . asked in very big terms , why those who attacked Alexandria and Constantinople opposed the expedition to Copenhagen ? But he should ask , who attacked a neutral and unoffending nation ? Now , had the right hon . gent . adhered to fact , he would have been deprived of nine-tenths of his argument . The troops that were to go to Egypt from Sicily were to wait for orders from Constantinople , announcing to them the commencer lent of hostilities , before they made any hostile attack . It might be part of the new morality to make statements of this inconsiderate kind . He might go to the long , animated , and lively speech he had heard , in which the right hon . gentleman had travelled over so much ground without coming to the point , amusing himself in his progress with accusations that were unfounded , and epigrams that were nothing to the purpose ; but if the matter were considered , his three hours might be well reduced to a quarter of an 290 hour , and his immense folio to a decimo sexto . But , after all the graces of motion and gesture , and all the extreme labour in the storm , the sort of beating against a head-sea