similar Decree had been issued by France in 1798 ; and it is but common justice to that great minister that I should say , though differing from him as to the policy of the war , that his superior sagacity passed it over altogether as beneath the notice of a British statesman . Perhaps , my lords , I ought to extend that justice to his majesty 's ministers also , since they are generally believed to have taken no very active part in the Orders now under consideration , which are supposed to have originated with a person for whom I have a very great regard , and whose talents are unquestionable ; but whose experience on such a subject may be questioned ; even with all the assistance of an ingenious theorist who , though an able lawyer , and a very amiable man , I should not have been disposed to follow in so doubtful and dangerous a course.—To say the truth , my lords , a proceeding of this nature and extent ought to have been the work of many minds , and of minds constantly engaged in the affairs of practical commerce . I have myself lived amongst merchants , and have been engaged in more commercial causes and affairs than any man ( not a merchant ) that ever existed , unless I were to except my noble and learned friend near me , ( Lord Ellenborough ) whose life has been much the same as my own ; but St. Luke 's would , nevertheless , have been thought a very convenient place of retirement for me , if I had ventured upon such a piece of conveyancing as the Orders we are engaged in.—But , my lords , I feel that I have been wasting your time in thus combating by argument what I had a right to consider as admitted , since it is only of 943 late , and under the pressure of the debates , that his majesty 's ministers have fled from the spirit and even from the letter of their own Orders , and insisted upon their justice even before execution and acquiescence ; because the Orders themselves are expressly founded upon the assumption of both.—'Whereas certain Orders , establishing an unprecedented system of warfare against this kingdom , and aimed especially at the destruction of its commerce and resources , were some time since issued by the government of France , & c. & c.'—'And whereas the nations in alliance with France , and under her controul , were required to give , and have given , and do give , effect to such orders : and whereas his majesty 's Order of the 7th of Jan. last has not answered the desired purpose , either of compelling the enemy to recall those orders , or of inducing neutral nations to interpose , with effect , to obtain their re-vocation , but on the contrary , the same have been recently enforced with increased rigour : and whereas his majesty , under these circumstances , finds himself compelled to take further measures for asserting , and vindicating his just rights , & c. & c.'—This Order therefore , after reciting the injurious Decree of France , does not proceed upon its mere publication as a justification for retaliation . No . It asserts , on the contrary , that the Decree of France had been recently enforced with encreased rigour . [ Lord E. was here told across the house that the words were 'encreasing rigour ' ] My lords , the participle present or past can make no possible difference . This assertion bound the authors of the order to three distinct and most important facts . First , that the French Decree had been executed at all , without which the rest of the sentence falls to the ground as impossible . 2nd . That it had been executed with rigour ; and , thirdly , with encreasing rigour , which expresses not merely an act of rigour , but a system of it.—My lords , this part of the Order can not