meet any unexpected demand.—On another branch of the transaction , namely , the management of the public debt , he would also say but little ; for though he thought that this might be conducted with more economy , yet as the bank acted in this as agents , and not exactly in their ordinary line of duty , they certainly had a right to be paid as agents , and not merely as bankers . Though the remuneration was large , yet the public derived a great advantage from their undertaking the management of the debt , since it could not be managed in a different manner without a much larger expence , than the compensation to the bank . He agreed that the subject ought to be viewed with a reference to this circumstance , and therefore he concurred in the general propriety of this part of the arrangement.—With regard to the third part of the arrangement , the loan of 3 millions , he concurred with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , and his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) , in expressing the strongest objection to the mode which had been resorted to in this instance . His right hon . friend had said , that the loan would not have been advanced , had it not been for the restriction . Whether he was right 430 or wrong in that , he did not know ; but of this he was sure , that the house ought to take care , that the bank restriction should not be considered in the slightest degree in this transaction . The restriction was only justified by its necessity at the time it was imposed , and it was due to the public , that nothing should be done which should in the least retard the period at which it might be taken off . If any accommodation was given or accepted , with a reference to this restriction , it would be attended with endless mischief , both to the public and the bank . He thought it the mere necessary to advert to this , because in the correspondence there was no direct recognition of the exclusion of all consideration of the restriction ; and if what the directors said was correct , that they did not derive a profit from the balances up to the amount assumed by the chancellor of the exchequer , he was at a loss to know on what other ground they could agree to advance this sum , except that of the restriction . He could not agree that we were here only taking the public money : our right was to derive some profit from the additional notes issued from the bank , in consequence of the balances in their hands . If the bank should issue an additional 3 millions on account of this loan , they would not be losers but gainers . Perhaps they did not intend it ; but he wished to have some security on the subject . But if they did not issue , they must draw 3 millions from some source ; and they must afford less accommodation to the public in discounting , by 3 millions , than before . The noble lord then proceeded to the superior advantages which would be derived from having a regular and permanent allowance of profits on which a loan might be raised in another manner . He objected also that the right hon . gent . precluded himself from taking any farther advantage in case of increase of the balances beyond 10 millions , which was very probable . He was glad , however , that the matter had been brought so far to an issue favourable to the public . defended the conduct of the bank , and contended that the charges of management of the public debt were much greater than gentlemen supposed . Of 800 clerks employed in the bank 400 were engaged in the business arising from the public debt . All the issues of the bank would still continue to be subject to par-