the score of his own personal character , or he might be trusted , under the understood obligation of his office , by a friend , a mistress , or a courtier of the sovereign , in whose capital he resided . The whole nature of the information would then consist in the authority , which authority was precisely the circumstance , that could not be divulged . Otherwise , when a British minister went to a foreign court , he ought loudly and generally to declare to all about him , 'do not tell me any thing which you do not wish should be laid before the British house of commons . ' Unfortunately , too much already had been divulged , and so far from depriving the future historian of his materials , we anticipated him . It would be easy to point out books that had been translated into other languages , which had caused the disgrace and death of individuals , implicated by them . But , then , said the hon . gent . if this letter was unfit for production , it ought not to have been quoted by the noble lord . The answer to this was , that it had not been quoted by him . His noble friend stated a fact ; he was asked by the hon . gent . whether he had stated that fact before , and he answered yes , but in a private letter ; and this the hon . gent . chose to call a quotation ! Of course , the hon . gent . asked his noble friend to reply to this question as a courtesy ; for surely 1365 he would not pretend to arrogate to himself the right of demanding from every member in that house an answer to any duration that he might think proper to propose to him . If the hon . gent . did so arrogate , he would say , that to him exclusively he would deny that courtesy . The hon . and learned doctor ( Laurence ) had taken very angry notice of the manner in which the dictatorial tone of the hon . mover had been reprehended . For himself , he could not say that the tone of the hon . mover had been much higher tonight than he usually chose to pitch it ; and he hoped it would not make greater impression on the house than it usually had made . With respect to the arguments of the hon . and learned doctor on the question before the house , he had himself anticipated the answer to them , by admitting that , prima facie , strong ground must be laid for the production of a private letter , and if any names which it contained ought in discretion to be suppressed , they should be so suppressed . How did this apply to the present case , in which the name was identically the matter of consequence ? If the learned doctor discredited the statements of his noble friend , let him say so . Such a proceeding though not very civil , would at least be intelligible ; but it was most extraordinary , by way of putting his noble friend 's truth to the test , to move for the production of a letter , the only part of which by which his veracity could be ascertained , must be suppressed ! —The right hon . secretary proceeded to state on what grounds he supported the other part of the amendment proposed by his noble friend . Since the speech of his noble friend on a former night , an attempt had been revived to prejudice in the minds of the public that administration in the year 1805 , which had endeavoured to establish a continental coalition against France . He would not now enter fully on this subject , not conceiving that it was comprised in the hon . gent . 's notice , although he should always be prepared to meet any attack on the merits of the great individual , now no more , who