should wish , that that part of it should be left out . With regard , to the question of peace or war , it had been said , that because we had a most triumphant navy , and were at war with all the continent , this was not the hour to make peace . For his part , however , he did really believe , that this was the very Moment , above all others , when it was both our interest and our duty to try to procure it ; it being recollected , that we had been no less than 15 years engaged in an arduous warfare . He was sure that the people of this country now ardently longed for it , and he believed , too , that the inha 88 bitants of the continent were also completely tired of war . He was convinced that we might have had peace long ago , had effectual means been adopted to obtain that great and most desirable object . had intended to say but a few words on the present occasion , but from the turn which the debate had taken , and the opinions which had been last night expressed concerning the negotiations at Tilsit , and particularly by his right hon . friend opposite , ( Mr. Bathurst ) opinions which he was surprised to hear from that quarter , he had , felt it his duty to state his sentiments on this subject . His majesty 's ministers had declared , that shortly after the negotiations took place at Tilsit , his majesty had been apprised of the intention of the enemy to turn the Danish and Portuguese fleets against this country , and that then it became the first duty of his majesty , as protector of his kingdom , to prevent those navies from being employed to aid the designs of the enemy . His majesty had told them , that he had been apprized of such intentions of the enemy ; and what were they to do , but , as they approved of his measures , to assure his majesty , that they participated in his regret that hostility could not be avoided , whilst they congratulated him on the success With which that hostility had been attended ? It had been said , that sufficient grounds had not been stated to justify the measure ; but he would ask any man acquainted with public business , whether the nature of our government was not such , that the government could not proceed if it did not often act upon grounds which could not , consistently with the interests of the country , be made public ? Upon this ground he would give his confidence to government , without regard to the persons of whom it might be composed . Upon the same grounds he would have given his confidence to the late government , though it was known , that he had not been in the habit of concurring in their measures , if they had made his maj. declare in his speech , that he had sufficient grounds for the measures they might adopt . Did not every man of common sense know , that measures of war were often taken , when no information could be divulged or was even received to justify them ? The difficulty of procuring intelligence in the present instance , rendered it still more necessary not to expose those sources which yet remained to us . He was conscientiously of opinion , that more inconvenience had arisen to this country , from im- 89 provident grants of information , and from the government being so urgently pressed for the production of papers , than from any other cause . This he would assert without reference to any set of men : 'Nullius addictus jurare in verba magistri . ' He was old enough to remember the American war , and he could state from opportunities which he had of personally knowing the fact , that in consequence of the production of the papers relative to the sailing of the Toulon