. Did the right hon . gentleman deny it was so ? Did he allege that his friend lord G.L . Gower had sitten down to write him a letter of pleasure ; that he had entertained him with an account of a concert or dance ; that it , contained an account of all the beautiful ladies of St. Petersburgh ; or that it was a letter facetious and entertaining ? He could say no such thing.—Would the noble lord stand up and say that it was a private correspondence by one individual , not connected with the king 's service , to another individual not connected with the king 's service , and on a subject not connected with the king 's service ? On the contrary , would he not say , that it contained communications from the emperor of Russia on the subject of his mediation between this country and France ? How the letter was addressed to the right hon . gent . was of little consequences , its contents must shew whether it was in its nature public or private . He should suppose that the right hon . gent . were to be impeached for neglecting a favourable opportunity of concluding a peace , and that he should say he was indeed perfectly 613 aware of the fact , but that he did not chuse to treat because the communication which had been made to him was of a private nature , to which he did not think himself entitled in his public capacity to attend . Would that be esteemed a sufficient vindication of his conduct ? Would it not be said to him , 'It is not sufficient for you to allege that the information you had was private ; you knew well it was authentic ? ' If lord H. was once the confidential agent of this country , and the emperor chose to send for him , and communicate his intentions to him , was it not the same as if he had done so to the accredited agent of this country for the time , and he had again made the communication to our ambassador ? Was not lord H. to be entitled to the same degree of belief as if he had been the accredited agent of this country ? Had the letter been in a different form , still it could have contained no more than it now did ; and if these contents were important , there was no reason why the form of the letter should prevent the substance of it from coming before the house . The house had a right to know what it contained . As to the other papers connected with this subject , to the production of which the right hon . gent . said he had no objection , what would they enable the house to do , farther than just to form a conjecture of the tone , frame , and temper of mind which actuated the emperor of Russia in the mediation in question , as to which the letter alluded to would have afforded a complete proof ? The right hon . gent . refused to the house the thing itself , but he granted them something else , which would enable them to form a conjecture as to what was refused them . rose to state his regret that the right hon . gent . who had last addressed the house , should have shewn himself totally ignorant of the question before the house . He had discussed the propriety of giving all the information required , while the question now before the house was , the propriety of granting information on the proposed Mediation of Austria alone . called the right hon . secretary to order ; but , at the remonstrance of the Speaker , sat down . said , he had only taken the right hon . gent . at his word . The right hon . secretary had said , nothing could be given of information to the house on the subject of Austria ; he was , therefore ,