, which formed a peculiar case of hardship upon the individuals whose property was thus taken from them . was not satisfied with the explanation given by the , noble secretary , contending , as he did , that the Danish vessels were in a different situation to those of any other power detained previous to hostilities . His noble friend had omitted to answer one of his questions , whether the crews of these vessels were detained as prisoners of war ? contended , that the case of the Danish vessels was the same as those of other vessels detained previous to hostilities . As to the crews , they were , as in other cases , detained prisoners of war , with the exception of some individuals , who had been , under particular circumstances , released . A cartel had been proposed to the Danish government , but had been hitherto declined . wished to be informed how the money produced by the sale of these vessels and cargoes was to be applied ? and whether any account of its application would be made known ? said , the amount had been greatly exaggerated , but whatever it was it would be known . said , he had only stated the amount from report . acquainted the house that he had received a letter from brigadier-general sir S. Achmuty , dated the 4th inst . in answer to one from him , transmitting the Resolutions of the house of the 16th of April last . He then read the Letter , which contained a brief but neat acknowledgment to the house , for the distinguished honour they had conferred on the general , on brigadier-general Lumley , and on the officers and 922 troops composing the army that attacked Monte Video , all of whom felt highly grateful for this mark of the approbation of their fellow-subjects , thus conveyed to them through the medium of their representatives.—Mr . Simeon brought up the report of the Grampound Election committee , which declared the election for that borough to be null and void.—Mr . Wilberforce brought op the report of the Newcastle-under-Line Election Committee , which stated that the sitting members were duly elected , and that the petition that had been presented against them was not frivolous or vexatious.—Mr . Parnell presented a Petition from the Freeholders of the Queen 's County , praying for a Commutation of Tittles . He observed , that the freeholders of that county amounted to 4,000 ; that this petition expressed the unanimous sense of the county , being no party business whatever ; that it was signed by several beneficed clergymen , and that every clergyman with whom he had conversed on the subject , had declared his decided approbation of the object which the petitioners sought . He trusted , therefore , that the petition would meet with that attention from the house to which it was entitled , for he was convinced , that no measure that could be proposed would tend more effectually to allay the discontents in Ireland , than the commutation of the tithes of that country . Under this impression he gave notice , that if his majesty 's ministers should not take up this subject , he would , on an early day after the recess , move that that petition be referred to a committee of the whole house : he would delay his motion , because he understood that several other petitions of a similar nature were in preparations , and particularly from some of the Grand Juries.—The Petition Was ordered to lie on the table.—On the motion of sir F. Burdett it was ordered , That there be laid before this house , an Account of the total sum issued under Warrants from his majesty , out of the registry of the Court of Admiralty , being proceeds of Droits of Admiralty , or of Droits of the Crown , since the 1st of Jan. 1792 , to the latest period to which the same can be made out ; and also of the Balance of the Registry , arising