cents . As the advantage to the public from a subscription in five per cents . was so such greater , he proposed to allow an exchange of 105l . five per cents . for every 100l . exchequer bills , the interest to commence from the 5th of Jan . If the subscription should be made jointly in five and four per cents . the rate he proposed was , 50l . of the latter , and 63l . 4s . of the former : the interest to commence on the 5th of April . If the whole 4,000,000l . should be funded in five per cents . the capital to be provided for would be 4,200,000l . If the funding should take placed in mixed stock in the proportions he stated , the amount of capital would be in five per cents . 152,559l . ; in four per cents . 100,000l . ; making together 253,159l . He then made a statement of the charges of management and sinking fund , according to both arrangements . In a comparison of the relative advantage of the terms with an investment in the three per cents . he allowed that a fall of something about one per cent . had taken place in the five per cents . in consequence of the knowledge of the intention to make this addition to the amount of that stock . But a proportionate fall would take place in the three per cents . if it were-fixed that that stock should be the medium of the funding , and the capital to be provided for in that stock , according to a calculation on the most accurate principles , would be 4,253,657l . He then moved , that for every 100l . exchequer bills , funded on the 18th of March , there be allowed a capital stock of 105l . five per cents . bearing interest from the 1st of Jan. ; or a joint stock of 63l . 4s . five per cents . and 50l . four per cents . bearing interest from the 5th of April next . After a short conversation , the resolution was agreed to ; and also another , limiting the amount of exchequer bills to be thus funded to 4,000,000l . rose , and began by stating some alteration in his Resolutions . He then observed , by way of preliminary observations , on the complaint made by marquis Wellesley 's friends of the delay in bringing forward this question . For his own part , he had used as much haste as was consistent with the importance of the subject , and the time indispensably necessary to read and maturely consider the voluminous documents produced and printed on the subject . He also disclaimed any attempts to prejudice the public mind against marquis Wellesley by means of the press ; but he doubted extremely whether the friends of the noble marquis could say as much . He had seen but three pamphlets on the subject , only one of which appeared in any degree hostile to the noble marquis ; and the other two were written to bias the public mind in his favour , and were distributed gratis , not only to the members of that house , but in like manner through all the principal taverns and coffee houses in London . Even some of the Resolutions which he himself had first offered to the house , had been published in the Papers with Alterations and Comments ; and this publication he could with certainty trace to the friends of the noble marquis , from the circumstance , that they were precisely in the form in which he had transmitted these Resolutions to them , but in which he had subsequently made some verbal alterations . He did not complain of this ; he left the house and the country to judge of the fairness and decency of such a proceeding , and of the strength of the cause which required such assistance ; but he did say , that those , who held such a conduct themselves , should have