, that it would have been more advisable for him to have adopted a prospective measure , than to have laid down the principle , and then applied it to him . Why did he not follow the example of Mr. Fox , call him to order , and not let him go on in error , when he read this offensive extract ? Why did he not take notice of it at the time , aware as he was , by his own confession , of its impropriety , and not come down a month after , and make it a subject of accusation ? The hon . gent . in the Resolutions he had moved , laid down , in language more eloquent than accurate , the general principle , and then made a particular deduction from it . He made it a matter of charge and grave accusation , that he ( Mr. C. ) attempted to persuade the house to refuse a paper , an extract from which he had read , But did not the house refuse it , and was not the guilt therefore , if there was any , chargeable upon the house ? The hon . gent . deduced also as a corollary from the premises in the first Resolution , that he had committed a breach of trust . If he had done so , he could not be prosecuted with too much vindictiveness . He would deserve those rebukes which the duke of Newcastle received from lord Lechmere , and lord Melville from Mr. Fox . When Mr. Pitt read the dispatch sent to St. Petersburgh , when lord Howick read the letter of his noble friend to lord Cathcart , when another right hon . gent . read volumes of extracts from the records and 909 correspondence of the Admiralty , there was no question on these occasions of breach of trust . But to this charge of breach of trust and violation of official duty , he would reply , that ministers had his majesty 's confidence each in their several departments , and that that confidence implied they were to exercise their discretion either in using or withholding , except in consequence of his command or an address , any correspondence in their respective offices . If documents were to be produced on every occasion ; if no information was to be communicated but in the manner stated by the hon . gent . ; the business of parliament , and of this great , prosperous , and happy country , must stand still.—The right hon . secretary then stated , that as a high criminal charge was preferred against him , he should withdraw , and throw himself upon the judgment of the house . He withdrew accordingly , amidst loud cries of `` question , question . '' and Mr. Whitbread contended , that this was not a case when it was necessary for the right hon . secretary to withdraw , and appealed to the authority of the chair . said , that he had looked into precedents on this point , and found that the uniform custom on such occasions was for the person accused to withdraw . lamented , that the circumstance of the right hon . secretary having withdrawn from the house , prevented him from answering as fully the arguments of that right hon . gent . as he should have felt himself bound to do if he had been present : He then proceeded to touch lightly on the different precedents , as they were called , which the right hon . secretary had called in to his aid ; and maintained , that not one of them was such as could bear out that right hon . gent . in the inferences which he had drawn from them . From the rarity of those instances which that right hon . gent . could , with the utmost stretch of his ingenuity , suppose to be at all analogous , it was pretty evident that , at least , such was not the general practice of parliament . But