name it is impossible to mention but with the deepest concern ) gained three brilliant victories—in which he destroyed 31 battalions of Perron 's army , and took 268 gun . A gallant officer , an honourable member of this house , in two brilliant actions , at Assaye and Argaum , which , for conduct in the general , and determined bravery in the troops , have never been surpassed—and where , if ever victories were gained by the exertions and example of an individual , they were gained on those occasions , by the exertions and example of my hon . friend ; in those two actions , he completely defeated the armies of Scindiah and the Rajah of Berar , destroyed the remaining battalions of Perron 's army and took 136 guns.—These glorious victories were followed by advantageous treaties of peace.—These are a few of the splendid services of that illustrious character , Marquis Wellesley . I will not trust myself to speak of the return he has met with . During a period of seven years , the most eventful in our hisrory of India , decision , energy , and purity marked every measure of his administration , and they were crowned with success.—Thinking as I do of the conduct of that noble lord , thinking that he was the saviour of British India , and convinced that an ardent zeal to promote the honour and the real interests of his country governed every part of his conduct , I shall oppose the Resolutions moved by the noble lord ; and shall most cordially concur in the motion of the right hon . baronet . differed from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , because he thought the measures of the noble marquis had been extremely prejudicial to the interests of the company . He thought the trans- 1035 action in Oude , both in its nature and progress , extremely unjust . Of all the important questions that could come under the consideration of parliament , this was the most important , because to that was the last appeal to be made , in case of any abuse of power in British India . After adverting to the circumstances by which the company first became involved in the quarrels of the native princes , the hon . gent . said , that whatever might have been the opinion upon these subjects , they had always considered treaties as sacred . Marquis Cornwallis felt sensibly for the disorders in Oude , but so strong was his regard for the faith of treaties , that he never interfered upon the subject , otherwise than by remonstrance . It was in the breach of the treaty that the essence of the present question consisted . A solemn treaty had been violated six months after it had been entered into , without any material change of circumstances to render that violation necessary . The negociation which led to the new treaty was carried on with a series of compulsory measures , executed with extreme rigour , by which the nabob was compelled , under a menace of the deprivation of his whole territory , to agree to the new treaty , whereby he was to pay 135 lacks instead of 76 lacks of rupees , as a subsidy , and instead of ten or thirteen thousand troops , any unlimited number was to be employed in his territory . Thus the nabob had been deprived of the whole benefit of the Treaty of 1798 , and yet in 1806 , the number of British troops employed in Oude did not exceed 11,400 . The nabob was by these means reduced to the state of a Zemindar completely dependent upon the government of Bengal . When Oude first threw itself into our protection , it was by treaty , and , except by treaty , we had no right to alter the relation of that country to our empire in India , for the nabob had fully complied with the treaty of 1798 . The time at which that treaty had been violated had been