from the tenor , that all could not have been written on the same day . There were two more dated the 9th Sept. in which that same inconsistency appeared . said the first of the three notes now dated the 2d Sept. was written on the 1st , but by an error of the secretary dated as the others . Of the two under the date of the 9th , one was written on that day , and the other on the 19th . This date was altered in printing . The assurances alluded to in the Note of 28th June , addressed to gen. Budberg , were given in a private conference by the emperor of Russia at Tilsit , in which his Imperial majesty assured him ( ld . G. L. Gower ) , that nothing that had happened should alter his friendly disposition and attachment to England , satisfied as he was of the fidelity and justice of the principles of his Britannic maj.—Mr . Whitbread then withdrew his first motion ; the second , calling for Extracts from lord G. L. Gower 's Dispatch , containing the assurances referred to in his Note to M. de Budberg , 28th June , was negatived ; the one for Copies of all assurances of co-operation given to the courts of Russia and Stockholm , was acceded to , with some modification , as were all the others . The following are Copies of the Papers presented to the house of commons in pursuance of the above motion : viz . alluding to the expressions contained in the Orders in Council , which stated amongst the reasons for issuing them , that the French Decree had been executed with increased rigour , said , that it was important the house should be in possession of the information on which this assertion was founded , particularly as a contrary statement was contained in the Note of the American plenipotentiaries , which was on the table , and as a contrary inference was to be deduced from those circumstances which were publicly known . He did not wish that any secret should be revealed , which it would be dangerous to disclose ; but , merely that the substance of such information should be laid on the table , and which might be disclosed without any danger . He therefore moved for Copies or Extracts of all information received by government , previous to the 11th of Nov. 1807 , shewing that the French government had begun to execute its Decree with increased rigour . said , it must be obvious , that it was scarcely possible there could be any information upon this subject received from any accredited person , or in any official shape . The information received by ministers , had satisfied them with respect to the increased rigour exercised by the French government ; but it might be attended with serious inconvenience and danger to many persons , if information received through the medium of commercial houses , or various other sources , was to be laid on the table of that house . It was besides , he contended , a matter of notoriety from the answers of M. Regnier , which were mentioned in all the newspapers two or three days after the 18th day of Oct. that the French Decree was then executed with increased rigour . was surprised to hear the noble secretary of state contend , that it must be obvious it was scarcely possible to have any accredited information upon this subject . He , on the contrary , thought , that it was precisely that subject on which if there was any neutral minister remaining , or any British minister at a neutral court , it was likely to receive information from accredited persons . He had never understood , that the increased rigour of the French government was a matter of notoriety previous to issuing the Orders in 642 Council . He could not conceive , that there could be any danger in laying the substance of the information received by ministers upon the table . opposed the