possible pains to palliate the French Decrees , which went to violate the neutrality of every nation . He would also bring to the recollection of the house , that all English letters had been prevented from passing to and from the continent by means of the Danish post ; and that Mr. Thornton had been , in consequence , obliged to make use of special messengers , when he wanted to send any dispatch of ever so little moment . It was also material to consider ; that the new system of maritime law announced by Buonaparte was in perfect conformity with the known policy of the court of Denmark , with the principles which had employed the pens of the ablest Danish writers , and with the feelings and interests of the whole Danish people . From all these considerations , there was no doubt on his mind , that if Denmark was put to the alternative , as she certainly would have been , she would have preferred the alliance of France to that of Britain . It was said , that the emperor of Russia was , in the feelings of his mind , favourable to 1218 the cause of this country : this was a statement to which he could give no credit . He thought it very natural , that when a man conceived that he had been deserted by his friend on an arduous occasion , his feelings should recoil against that man who had before been his friend . He was , however , persuaded that the emperor of Russia had too great a regard for his subjects to involve them in a war with this country , merely for the purpose of gratifying his own private feelings or resentments , but that he was bound by sacred engagements to adopt the line he had taken . When he himself had felt it his duty to ask information from Russia as to the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit , the Russian ministers did not deny them , but simply advised him to use all the influence he had with his court to make peace with France . It was by making a peace with France that we could alone hope to escape the ill effects of those secret arrangements . Those arrangements were perhaps not altogether dictated by France , but might be agreeable to the policy and the views of the emperor of Russia . It might be recollected that in the year 1805 , before the emperor of Russia was disgusted with the unfortunate issue of the battles of Austerlitz , Jena , and Friedland , he would not allow his ministers to sign the treaty of alliance with this country , without expressly declaring , that if it turned out , upon examination , that there was any thing in the maritime code of England contrary to the principles of justice , the emperor of Russia would use his good offices to have it remedied . As soon as the Russian army returned from Tilsit , the emperor ordered the fortifications of Cronstadt and his other ports to be repaired and enlarged ; and he himself had heard ; from a very high authority ( whom it was not necessary to name ) that it was proper to act cautiously with respect to England , or , to use the French term , 'il faur menager l'Angleterre . ' He was convinced in his own mind , that there was no possible way of avoiding a Northern confederacy , except by making a peace with France . The Danish fleet was , however , the principal means which the Northern nations possessed , and the capture of it weakened most materially the Northern confederacy : , He could not , however , conceive , that the merit of the present ministers , in sending out the expedition , was any thing More than a negative merit . He thought no set of ministers that the country could 1219 have , After the information which he was sure had been received , could have avoided sending the expedition