, by representing things in a different point of view from that in which he saw them . In the month of June , Buonaparte , a greater master of the art of military movements than any man who perhaps ever existed , had assembled a corps of 40,000 men upon the Elbe , upon which , in case of sustaining any misfortune , he could have fallen back , so that though at that time there had been 30,000 English and Swedes at Stralsund , they might have met with some disaster , but could have done no good . had looked forward with considerable anxiety to this night 's discussion , to which he trusted for the vindication of his own character , and that . of his colleagues , from several charges which had been brought against their conduct while in administration . His anxiety had been much relieved by the candid admission of the noble secretary of state , who in the course of his speech had deserted several of the articles of charge which had been thrown out on other occasions , but which he was happy to find were now done away . If any person had ever been so silly and so little of a statesman as to suppose that any provision could have been made for the rupture between Prussia and France , their opinion would probably be corrected by the admission of the noble secretary on this evening , that no such provision was to be expected . In addition to what his noble friend ( earl Grey ) had said on this subject , he had only one particular to subjoin , viz , that the Prussian minister was recalled from this country , where he had been invited to stay , as an organ of amicable communication , in the middle of August , and so rapid were the decisions of the court of Berlin , that 447 he was apprized of the change of system on his arrival at Hamburgh . In the Russian Declaration it had been stated , that this government had not acted upon assurances which had been given of sending a military force to the continent , in order to create a diversion in favour of the allies . The noble secretary had admitted in his speech that no such assurances had ever been given ; but he considered his majesty 's Declaration as extremely defective , in not replying to the allegation of our not acting upon those assurances , by the assertion , the truth of which the noble secretary had admitted in debate , and which was necessary to the exculpation of the present ministers , their predecessors , and the country . He had been a good deal surprised to find no Note upon this subject in the Correspondence which had taken place between his majesty 's ambassador and the ministers of the emperor of Russia . He was satisfied with the assurance of the noble secretary , that no opportunity had occurred of presenting such a note ; still however , this circumstance rendered it more necessary that the calumny should be refuted in the counter-declaration . But , instead of this , ministers had left the cause of the country to shift for itself , because they could not do justice to the country without likewise doing justice to their predecessors . There was another charge from which he had been relieved—not , indeed , by the admission of the noble secretary , but by something still more eloquent—his silence . His noble friend had called upon ministers when they talked of diversions , to specify the time , place , and mode , in which those diversions ought to have been made ; but the noble secretary could neither name a moment for such an attempt , nor put his finger upon a point of land to which an expedition could have been sent , with advantage . So that this point , like the others , when it was touched , crumbled into dust . But , said the noble secretary . if we could not