with the assets of his country , it becomes necessary to make such reduction in the superfluous charges of the establishments of the public servants , & c. as may be requisite , and are consistent with his excellencys dignity and convenience . To that end , the said nabob agrees to consult with the company 's government , and , in concert with them , devise the proper objects of such reductions , and the best means of effecting them ' . Lord Teignmouth 's evidence : I think there was a proposition made for the specific purpose of reducing the nabob 's military . The nabob was afraid that a specific proposition of that kind might excite alarm ; and on some discussion with the former minister , Tofassul Hassan Khan , I think that article ( the twelfth ) was substituted for the plain article , stipulating a reduction of the troops , and that it was perfectly understood the company should interfere , for the purposes expressed in this article , so far as might be necessary for securing the payment under the treaty . '—From the nabob-vizier , 19th Feb. 1800 . 'Your lordship is in every respect desirous , that the dignity , respectability , and outward state , of this government should be maintained . For this purpose it is necessary , that a suitable body of troops be maintained after my own manner . Accordingly , in the first draft of the treaty , sir John 1133 Shore , bart . proposed thirty-five thousand men , cavalry and infantry . '—Having thus established the right and duty of the governor-general to compel this reduction of the military , Mr. Lushington would not long detain the house upon the policy of that reduction . The noble lord , who had brought forward these charges , had himself affirmed , that the nabobs forces were composed of disorderly and irregular troops , unaccustomed to the rules of good discipline , and disaffected to his person . ' This admission precludes the necessity of referring to the body of evidence , upon this subject , before the house , attesting that these troops were both useless and dangerous . It needed neither argument nor language , to impress upon the house the extent of this danger ; for it was self-evident , that one of the most formidable perils to which any state can be exposed is , the disorder and disaffection of its military power . And , here , Mr. L. reminded the house of the experience which the British government had acquired of the services of similar troops , in their early wars against the French , in the Carnatic . He had the authority of that accurate and elegant historian , Orme , for declaring , that they were an obstruction , rather than an auxiliary , to that success , which after an arduous struggle of fifteen years , finally crowned the British arms . Without trespassing upon the time of the house , by referring to particular instances of their misconduct , it should never be forgotten , that at a moment of the utmost emergence in the company 's affairs , when Trichinopoly was closely besieged by an immense confederated force , the troops of Mahomed Ally closed their career of service by going over to the enemy in mid-day , having previously stipulated with captain Cope , the commandant of Trichinopoly , that he would not fire upon them as they marched off . To this he readily consented , being heartily rejoiced to get rid of so dangerous an incumbrance.—Such were the services which might have been expected from the military of Oude , had Zemaun Shah invaded the province , or had the French-Mahratta forces been let loose upon the country . Their reduction was demanded , not less by policy than by treaty , and the vizier was bound , by the seventh clause , to pay the expence of the company 's troops introduced into his country . But he failed to make good this payment ; there occurred an arrear of twenty-two