moment of the Armed . Neutrality , in 1780 , there had been a feeling towards this country on the part of Denmark , not of direct hostility , but certainly not of very cordial friendship . Every body knew what had been the conduct of Denmark at the end . of two former wars . In inciting the Armed Neutrality of 1780 , Denmark had been an active agent ; and at the end of 1800 , but a few months after Denmark had declared her abandonment of the principles on which the armed neutrality was formed , she again entered into a league confederated against G. Britain . Did this testify the good intentions of Denmark ? Or , on the other hand , did it testify her means of resisting the influence of superior powers ? Let whichever part of the alternative the house chose be adopted , he would not hesitate to say , that any government would be lost to a due sense of the interests of the country , if , with a , recollection of former occurrences , they had not looked with vigilance and suspicion to see how Denmark would conduct herself at a period of so much greater danger to G. Britain . Was it not probable , that a league of much more force , and knit with much greater vigour than any preceding one , would be formed against this country ? Was it not probable , from the experience of the past , that Denmark would be induced by inclination , or compelled , by force to join that league ? The favourite project of Bonaparte , since he had desisted from his threat of immediate invasion , was to destoy our commerce , and to collect a naval force which should run down the navy of G. Britain . Not a treaty did he conclude in which the exclusion of British merchandise and shipping did not form a leading article . In tern s too plain to be mistaken , he had avowed . his intention to bring every power of the continent to bear upon G. Britain . Was there any thing in the situation of Denmark which rendered it probable , that she was out of his view in this avowal ? To all these presumptions the right hon . gent . had thought it sufficient to answer , that Denmark had prepared against any 270 attempt on the part of France , to control her conduct , by stationing a military force in Holstein . What was the history of that force ? The greatest danger to which Denmark was exposed from France , was in 1803 , when France occupied Hanover with a large force . Then not a man was in Holstein beyond the peace garrison . In this state the boasted cordon of Holstein remained till the period that France seemed disposed to molest Denmark ? —No—till the army of England and Sweden were in force in Hanover ; then , and not till then , the Danes increased their military power in Holstein . He must be an ingenious arguer who could deduce from this circumstance that England had been the object of the sympathy of Denmark , and France of her apprehension . After the battle of Jena , the territory of Denmark had been violated by a French detachment in pursuit of a Prussian corps , and a slight skirmish took place with the Danish troops , in which a Danish general was taken , and conveyed to the headquarters of the French general , where , in place of being treated with the distinction to be expected from an officer of a friendly power , he met with no very flattering reception ; and was sent back , after his horse had been stolen , and his pockets picked , under every species of injury which a licentious soldiery could inflict . This had been done whilst the Danish army collected to cover the neutrality of Holstein was stationed in the neighbourhood . Was this event followed by the advance of that army ? No such thing