proposed to restrain only that which no king , if well advised , would ever do . It was due to the officers of the army , to afford them that legal protection for their fortunes and lives , and what was of stilt more importance to them , their Characters , which persons of other classes enjoyed . They were wholly at the mercy of those malicious whispers , by which the ears of persons high in authority were ever liable to be abused . Officers of the army should certainly be no worse situated in- this . res- 1081 pect than the rest of his majesty 's subjects . No man ought to be condemned or punished without a hearing . Such was the principle of British justice . The honour of which military men were so tenacious , was exposed to ruin often without the possibility of guarding against it . The discipline of the army also suffered materially by the practice he wished to correct . For when those who , when brought to trial , would be found decidedly deserving of punishment , were blended in the operation of one undistinguishing stroke of power with those who , if tried , had the means of procuring themselves an honourable acquittal , virtue and good conduct , in a great measure , lost their stimulus , and bad conduct was sheltered from a great part of that shame , which was the most effectual check upon its vicious progress . As the object he had in view was to prevent future abuse rather than to censure the past , he forbore to cast any reflection , or to cite any of those case which it would be competent to adduce . He might be told there were cases in which persons were dismissed , whom it would be hard to expose by a court martial , though it would have been highly improper to continue them in the service . Persons of this kind might he permitted to resign , and thus there would always be a sufficient security against abuses of every kind . It was the principle of the British constitution to separate every thing odious from the crown , and to adorn it with the heavenly attributes of mercy and power of relief . It was an inconsistency with this principle that he wished to remove , by giving to the officers of the army the same measure of justice enjoyed by the rest of the Community . It was by the army that the crown was supported and the people protected , and why should the army be in a worse situation than any other part of the people in the essential point of justice ? The army had now grown to such an extent , with a disposition still further to augment it , that even in point of mere numerical consideration , it was a large portion of the people . And , in the present critical and dangerous situation of the country , when our safety depended so much on the zeal and energy of the officers of the army , ought they to be left in circumstances in which they might be whispered out of their rank and situation , into poverty , disgrace and ruin , and a thousand calamities worse than any law could inflict , by the arts of a dark malignant assassin , who would not dare to 1082 meet them in the open light of genuine British justice ? Courts Martial afforded ample means to punish every description of offence ; and when it was considered that these courts were not , like juries , bound to be unanimous in their sentence , and how many descriptions of offences could be included under the very extensive and sweeping charge of ungentlemanlike conduct so often censured and punished by them , he was sure no latitude of impunity could be apprehended , by giving every accused person the opportunity of stating his case before such a tribunal . The hon . bart . concluded with moving a clause accordingly . complimented the hen .