his son Azoph ul Dowlah in the province of Oude and its dependencies , obtained from the mogul through the direct influence of the British government , a new treaty for an increased English force and subsidy was made in a few years . This force , in consequence of the misrule of Azoph ul Dowlah , was found insufficient for the preservation of the internal tranquillity and external defence of the country , and it became necessary to strengthen it with a temporary brigade and adequate increase of subsidy , and in 1781 with a permanent augmentation , as it had now become a most important barrier to the British possessions . The continuation of the same misrule producing a progressive anarchy and decline in the resources of the districts under the nabob vizier , and his thoughtless extravagance disabling him from fulfilling his engagements with the company , he had recourse , in order to answer its demands , to those ruinous measures of borrowing money from natives and Europeans at 3 , 4 , and 5 per cent . per mensem , as detailed in No . 7 , a paper reprinted for the use of the house . In this approaching ruin of the resources and inhabitants of a country which had belonged to the company by right of conquest , and which it was bound to protect after it had re-established the nabob vizier , 1011 with which it became so involved by succeeding treaties that it was impossible to withdraw , without causing the immediate destruction of that country and thereby endangering its own ; you find that in all the communications from the court of directors to the supreme government in Bengal , the most urgent object to be , the reform and amelioration of the province of Oude , by the interference and exertion of that government . Accordingly you see that from the moment lord Cornwallis was sent there in 1786 , how assiduously he applied his mind to that most important subject . As the powers with which his lordship went there , form a new æra in the system of Indian government , it seems proper to take notice of it . The inadequacy of the constitution of the company , which had been formed on mercantile principles , to govern an imperial concern , had the fate of a dwarf 's garment forced upon a giant , and was broke through in every part . Prior to 1774 many of the servants of the company abroad setting at nought the orders of the court of directory , and trusting for impunity to private interest , or a combination of interests amongst the proprietors , yielded to the temptation of rapidly acquiring large fortunes , by availing themselves of the power which situation gave them to pillage and oppress the miserable ryots and inhabitants ; and universal anarchy prevailed over the country . In order to cure all those evils , in 1774 the legislature thought fit , to appoint a governor general , and four counsellors , with new powers to control and superintend all the British settlements ; but from the reluctance of the British parliament to vest , summary powers in an individual , and therefore the governor general being controlable by a majority of said council , difference of opinion , although the contending parties acted from their views of the public interest , produced irritation and discord as to the measures of government , and insubordination and anarchy in the country . To cure this evil the legislature at length saw the necessity , and vested in the governor general a summary power to act on his opinion and responsibility . With this power that excellent man whose head seldom erred , his heart never , went to Bengal . His habits of life , all the adventitious circumstances attending him , and the personal consideration derived from them , qualified him peculiarly for what was to be done at .that , time in Bengal . The reports from your committees in 1781 , -2 , and 3 , 1012 which were formed principally