to lose sight of it at a moment so critical and perilous , to intervene between the country and the ruin by which it was threatened , by the rashness , improvidence and folly of the government . So pressing was the emergency , that the smallest delay might be attended with the most destructive consequences , and the most irremediable evils ; he hoped therefore , that their intervention would take place before things arrived at a state in which it might no longer be effectual . Nothing to him was personally more painful , than being obliged to combat the sentiments of the noble lord opposite to him ( earl Bathurst ) , for whom he entertained the highest esteem and respect , but the task was imposed upon him by an imperious sense of public duty , and he trusted that if any expression should escape him of a nature to give any unpleasant feelings to the noble lord , that he would believe that it would give him ( lord G. ) greater 478 pain in uttering , than it could possibly give the -noble lord in hearing it . He should begin however , with what had fallen from the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , who , he was happy to find , had abstained on this evening from justifying his own conduct , by attempting to criminate that of his predecessors , a very unsatisfactory mode of defence , which of late had been too much practised . Still , however , the noble and learned lord had not defended the Orders in Council upon their own merits ; but , by way of calling off the attention of the house from the measure now before them , he had directed it to a measure of the late administration , for which he was disposed to give them credit , but between which and the present there was no analogy whatever , and which , if it was defensible , it was precisely because it rested on principles directly adverse to those by which the Orders in Council , dated last Nov. were dictated . The noble and learned lord had dwelt much upon the blockade of the French ports from the Elbe to Brest , that had been proclaimed in the decree issued by the late ministers , but all the conclusions which he attempted to deduce from it fell to the ground , when the single fact was stated , that this was not a fictitious , but a real blockade , perfectly conformable to the understood and acknowledged laws of war , and that the publication of the proclamation was accompanied with directions to the admiralty to carry it into effect . The late ministers in this case therefore , instead of violating the law of nations , upon any plea of necessity or convenience , or temporary expediency , had done nothing more than apply the principles of this law to the circumstances under which they were called to act . The noble and learned lord farther contended , that in the preamble of this Decree of blockade the principle of retaliation was set forth : he reminded , however , the noble and learned lord , that this principle was not acted upon ; they had merely asserted , that they would have been justified in recurring to it , always understood , that it should be exercised within the law of nations , and instead of recurring to it they adopted a measure of quite a different nature . He intreated , however , their lordships to get out of the eternal circle of justifying one act by comparing it with another ; to abstain from the petty warfare of crimination .and re-crimination , and to canvass the measure , now before 479 them , on its own individual merits . In this view it was important to inquire how far it was consistent with the principles of national law ; and , in the next place , how far it was consonant with the maxims of sound policy . In the first place ,