great mass of the people . If any felt this inconvenience , it was their birth-right to express their sense , and the constitutional course was by petition . He not only would not repress it , but , if the disposition of his majesty 's ministers should not incline them to peace , would think them justifiable in petitioning for the removal of such ministers , in order to make way for others more disposed to peace . Peace , in his opinion , was necessary to the salvation of the country ; but he would rather that the country should perish , than submit to a dishonourable peace.—As to Ireland , he regretted , with his right hon . friend , that no allusion had been made to that country . Ministers , notwithstanding all their vigour , must have been sufficiently urged upon that subject by men acquainted with the country , during the recess . If something was not done for Ireland , the security of the empire would be put to hazard . At the same time he agreed with his right hon . friend , that they should have patience , and not press the subject precipitately forward , in the hope that ministers would in time take it into consideration . On the subject of America he should not say much , as his majesty 's ministers seemed to hold out a hope , that our differences with that country would be amicably accommodated . When gentlemen talked of the prosperity of the country , and of the productiveness of the income tax , and . the flourishing state of our resources , he would ask , whether an indefinite war would not be ruin ? We should not go on in a blind security , that death would never come . We had fought 15 years against France , and reduced all the powers of Europe , except Sweeden , to a state of subserviency to France , to a power , the greatest the world ever saw , and governed by an individual , as able to wield that power as any person the world ever produced . He begged to deprecate the use of acrimonious language towards a power with which we must , sooner or later negociate . He should not , trespass longer on the attention of the house , as he should have opportunities of delivering his sentiments at length , when the separate , points should come under discussion . expressed some 62 surprize that the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) should have required time to marshal his arguments , with a view to convince any small portion of persons who might be persuaded to agree with him in his opinion upon the matter of the address . The intention of that right hon . gent . to postpone delivering his sentiments upon that subject , was undoubtedly , in some degree , embarrassing to those who differed from him . But m the state in which the fact then was , when the debate , however protracted , could lead to no decision , and in the confidence of his impression , that a great majority of that house thought as he did on thin occasion , he should indeed be culpable if he went into a great length of discussion in the , present instance . But , as the gentlemen opposite had thought proper to state to the house the course they meant to pursue , he felt it a respect due to the house , to state the manner in which , in all probability , their arguments would be met , when the discussion should come on . He did not mean to undervalue the talents of the right hon gent . opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , but it would be rather surprising , if he alone of all those who had filled the place which it seemed he was now to occupy , should require a day 's preparation to deliver his sentiments upon topics on which the mind of the public had been