Bengal government ; four months had scarcely elapsed , from the signature of the treaty of 1798 , when lord W. arrived in India ; and he forthwith forms a plan in direct opposition to the provisions of it , `` for the total reduction of the troops of the nabob . '' Other affairs , however , of importance prevent his lordship from proceeding immediately in the business ; and it was above a twelve-month before any scheme of the sort was brought to maturity . At that period , however , having overthrown the power of Tippoo , he began to take steps for the 997 purpose of putting into execution his project in Oude . With this view he orders troops to march into the country.—The professed object of their introduction , was defence against the threatened invasion of Zemaun Shah ; but the real reason being so to overburthen the treasury of the nabob , as to compel him to disband his own forces ; for the house will recollect , that those additional troops were to be paid by him . There was , however , another convenient motive with lord W. ; the relief of the Company 's finances . In vain did the nabob remonstrate against this measure ; in vain did he plead the provisions of the treaty . Lord W. argued , that he was bound to defend him ; and that it was impossible for him to do so , unless he maintained , in his dominions at all times , forces sufficient to contend against the most distant and improbable contingencies . The house doubtless will be astonished at such an argument being gravely stated and seriously urged ; yet so it is , and on no better foundation were troops poured in upon the unfortunate nabob , till he was actually compelled , in order to find money for the payment of them , to disband his own troops . This resolution being once adopted , the work was proceeded in with diligence . No proposals of Scott 's were objected to ; the nabob patiently acquiesced in every suggestion , and things went on under his sole direction . One should therefore have hoped that the Bengal government would now at length have been satisfied , the means of security , which they wished for , were obtained , the interference , which they thought necessary , was accomplished ; their troops were in possession of the country , and the nabob 's power and person at their mercy . Not so , however , could lord W. be satisfied.—The country was exhausted , and there was danger that , at some time , the subsidy would not be regularly paid . Harrassed by renewed and increasing applications , the nabob at length expressed apprehensions to this effect ; he in truth accompanied it by assurances of his best endeavours to remedy the danger , and an offer to lay open the state of his affairs to col. Scott , and to consult with him how to provide the necessary funds . Overlooking this fair offer , lord W. could see nothing but the danger , which he immediately pronounced to be imminent and alarming , and such as to be removed by nothing but a cession of territory , the annual revenue of which should equal the full amount of 998 the subsidy . Indeed , another proposition of a still more extensive nature was pressed over and over again : `` the transfer to the Company of the exclusive management of the civil and military government of the country '' was asked for ; but , notwithstanding all his efforts to obtain this reasonable request , lord W. was disappointed . It will not be necessary to detain the house by a narration of all the negociations which arose upon these demands ; suffice it to say , that after a very protracted negociation , in which , on the one side , is displayed all the arts of chicanary , accompanied with threats the most undisguised , and language of reproach and reviling the