of which would be to compel the house to recur to the old measure of an address to the king . The right hon . gent . seemed to think , that the present bill was not likely to give offence to their lordships ; upon what ground , it was difficult to conceive : because , if their lordships were hostile to the principle , there was no change in the principle of the present bill , and the clause limiting its duration had been proposed and negatived He , for one , therefore , had no hope that it would pass into a law even in its present form . He did not wish to exaggerate the benefits to be derived from the 1336 bill ; but he was extremely desirous that it should be carried into effect , as the first fruits of the inquiries of the committee of finance . He thought that the wisest and most dignified course for that house to take was , to persevere in sending the bill back to the lords , in its old shape ; and therefore , when it came out of the committee , it was his intention to move , upon bringing up the report , that the clause of limitation should be left out altogether . If he should hear , however , in the course of debate , any reason to induce a persuasion on his mind that the bill , even in its present shape , would meet the concurrence of the lords , he should desist from his purpose , hoping that when it expired it would be again renewed , and that , perhaps , at a time when it would have fewer prejudices to encounter . At all events , he thought it better to fill up the blank in the way that had been proposed , than to limit its duration to two years ; because it gave an assurance that it would expire during the sitting of parliament . threw out some ideas respecting a plan for remunerating public services , by which , without diminishing the sources of national liberality , an immense saving might be effected . A sum , not exceeding 166,000l . granted in life annuities to public servants , above 45 years of age , would be amply sufficient for that purpose . considered the measure as a tub thrown to the whale , and left by his majesty 's ministers to float its own way . The late ministers managed their tubs better ; time bill for abolishing the Slave trade , for instance : their chancellor having remained in to give it the final sanction , after all his colleagues had resigned . Though he thought the bill of no use , he was willing to gratify the public by passing it . He respected the people , and felt for them , and thought that they ought to be gratified as much as possible , even in their follies ; particularly in a case like the present , when this could be done without much injury to their interests . For his own part , he was of opinion that the power of granting reversions was of great service to the public , as a mean of rewarding public services ; and infinitely preferable to granting pensions , which , when they fell vacant , a minister might either put into his own pocket , or give to a child at school . expressed his surprise to find the present measure considered by 1337 any one as of little importance . He held in his hand a list of offices held in reversion in Ireland , which would completely demonstrate the fallacy of this opinion . He merely mentioned a few of them by way of specimen In the custom-house department , there were no fewer than nine offices held in reversion , to each of which a salary of 300l . a year was annexed . And here it was material to observe , that it was not the amount of the salaries which formed the most objectionable part