. gent . however , had made a wonderful discovery in consequence of the result of that meeting ; for although there , even according to his own account of the matter , the majority was only two to one , it enabled him to make this ingenious calculation ; that 99 out of every 100 throughout the whole population of the country , not only approved of these Orders in Council , but of the whole conduct of ministers , and particularly of the attack on Copenhagen . This , however , only went to show how great reliance was to be placed on the hon . gent . 's computation , as to the comparative numbers at the meeting in question . The hon . gent . who was the chairman of the meeting , had estimated them at four to three ; and , for his part , he had no hesitation in thinking that he viewed them more accurately in stating them at six to five . Such , however , had been the monstrous calculations made by gentlemen who disapproved of the petition ! A great many , too , of those who did attend , were not interested in the trade . Even the two principal supporters of the amendment had described the Orders in Council by a very harsh but characteristic expression , that they were extremely foolish , but they conceived the situation of the country to be such as rendered it inexpedient to interfere in the measures of government . was convinced the worthy alderman opposite ( sir W. Curtis ) , after the description he had heard of the gentlemen who composed the meeting , 1061 would regret much that he had not attended it . His mercantile transactions were certainly equal to those of most gentlemen ; and in point of zeal for ministers he yielded to no man . Another worthy alderman ( Shaw ) , who did attend the meeting , had favoured the house with a discovery which he had made , that not only the majority of that meeting , but that 99 out of every 100 of the population of the country , approved of the Orders in Council ; not of them merely , but also of the conduct of the present ministers in general ; not of the general conduct of the present ministry but of the attack on Copenhagen in particular . The worthy alderman was well known to have a particular regard for 'the present ministers , ' and to think that 99 out of 100 of the population of the country must approve of whatever they do . So he thought of the late ministers when they were the present minister ; so he had now declared he did of their successors . It was to be hoped for the salvation of the country , that other ministers would again succeed to those now in office ; and he had no doubt , if the worthy alderman lived to see that day , and were a member of that house , he would still continue to be eager in their praise , and ready to lend his testimony to the public feeling , in favour of the present administration . ' said he had great interest in Jamaica , which was much connected with America ; but still he did not feel himself entitled on that account to attend the meeting . thought the house was obliged to the worthy baronet for the information he had given it , as the petition might else have been supposed to have come from a numerous meeting , instead of being , as it was , the petition of a few individuals , who , however respectable , were unquestionably the minority of the meeting . had formerly dealings with America ; and though he had none at the present moment , he still thought himself entitled to attend the meeting , which he accordingly had done . He was mistaken , if , besides merchants trading to America , there were not at the meeting of this day , a number