to move for such accounts as would be necessary to bring the question properly before the house . If the question arose out of the amount of the sums of which this fund consisted , then it was necessary to know what those sums were , and when that was once given , the next question would naturally arise , as to its application . As to the instance which had been mentioned of the hon . captain behind him , part of the cargo , which was his own property , became forfeited to the crown from a breach of the law in a case which the East India Company might have licenced , and in consequence of the services which the hon . baronet had rendered the crown and his country , also from his services while he was in India , it had been thought fit , under all the circumstances of the case , to remit the forfeiture ; but the remission of a forfeit was nothing like a grant of droits , and therefore he thought 460 not at all applicable to the present debate . said , he wished as much as any one that this question should come to a full and complete issue , and this could only be attained by procuring an ample and perfect account of the amount of those droits ; and it was his opinion that the motion made by the hon . baronet could not attain that object . He thought at the same time that the amendment was capable of effecting it ; but still he thought that was in itself defective , inasmuch as it did not go to the application of the money arising from those droits . Would that be proper at the present moment ? He thought not , but that it would come with better effect after the house had obtained the amount of the fund in question . He was of opinion that the transaction which had been mentioned by his hon . friend near him ought to be inquired into , but not in this way . The , droits of the Admiralty had been left at the sole disposal of the king ; and in 1795 , his majesty gave for public purposes the money arising from several Dutch prizes , which amounted to a million ; and the house by their acceptance , had sanctioned the right of the king 's disposing of those droits which way he thought proper . Still , however , this fund appeared to be too great to be possessed by any one without being subjected to the controul of parliament , especially if it could be shewn that there had been any instances of a misapplication of the money arising from it . He hoped , therefore , the hon . baronet might be induced to withdraw his motion , and let the amendment be adopted , which in his mind would more completely answer the purposes he wished to attain . disapproved of both the original motion and the amendment , and proposed a motion of his own , by which the gross proceeds and net proceeds were required to be stated in distinct columns , & c. Alluding to the delay in the distribution of prize-money , he instanced an officer who had received , only last May , his share of prize-money , for a vessel captured twenty years ago.— The house then divided , when there appeared for the Original Motion 57 . For the Amendment 82 . Majority for the Amendment 25 . List of the Minority . Abercromby , J. Baring , A. Agar , E. F. Bouverie , E. Anstruther , sir J. Bradshaw , A. C. Baring , T. Brand , T 461 Byng , George Miller , sir T. Calcraft , John Mills , C Calcraft , sir G. Mills , W. Cavendish , lord G. Moore , P. Cavendish , Wm . Newport , sir J. Cavendish , G. H. C. Orde , W. Cocks , E. C. Ossulston , lord Combe , H. C. Petty , lord H. Creevey ,