American war down to his last campaigns in India . Some of his lordship 's acts were such as to bring home to him personally , the whole merit of the success of some of the most distinguished victories gained , among which he was bound to particularize that of Lincelles by the British arms . Never , in fact , did any man present to his troops , in the day of battle , more striking examples of every quality that were calculated to inspire valour and to lead to victory . The same principle to which the French generals owed most of their victories in the late wars , that of exposing their own persons in every point of imminent danger and apparently doubtful issue , was eminently conspicuous in lord Lake 's military conduct . Whatever difference of opinion might exist , with , respect to the policy pursued in the recent government of India , certainly 788 there was room for no difference as to the importance of the services rendered by lord Lake in the military department . This would be particularly felt at the present moment , when the French , meditating an attack upon our Indian empire , were obliged to wait to establish a footing , and to break ground in Persia , instead of commencing at once on the banks of the Jumna or the Ganges , with a Mahratta army disciplined and commanded by French officers . To lord Lake belonged the merit of dispersing arid destroying that army , and thus establishing the security of our Indian empire on a basis more solid . He did not think it necessary to enter more at large on the subject , as he felt that every one must be sensible of the value of the services of the illustrious deceased . He should also , to save the time of the committee , state now another motion which he intended to offer after the one founded on his majesty 's message should be disposed of . This was a motion for a monument to be erected to the memory of lord Lake . He was aware that this was a testimony of public gratitude , seldom asked but when the individual fell in battle , in the moment of victory , or died of wounds received in the country 's cause . But , there were sonic few instances which were particularly distinguished from this rule , and when repeated signal victories had been gained without depriving the country of the life of the person who had achieved them . Lord Howe 's life of glory had been thought worthy of this distinction , and he trusted there would be found equal ground to make a similar exception in favour of lord Lake . This was a reward the most cheap , and an incentive the most powerful . He had further only to add , that as it was just and customary , that the pension should commence from the time of the act that called for the exercise of the royal prerogative and bounty , lord Lake 's forbearance from preferring his claim , should be no bar to the benefit being enjoyed from the date of the battle of Delhi , from which he derived his title . This extension of the grant would afford the means of making some arrangements for the benefit of the female part of the family , who , he was very sorry to say , were left in a most unsatisfactory state . The late lord Lake having died before the application to parliament could be made , his life was not counted as one of the three for which it was usual to grant provisions of this kind . The grant would be to the present lord and the two next heirs . The 789 noble lord moved accordingly , `` That the annual sum of 2000l . nett be granted to his majesty out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain , the said Annuity to commence from the 11th Sept. 1803 , and be settled in the most beneficial