that he had acted otherwise . '' He meant to give every credit to the gallantry of the king of Sweden ; and indeed , considering that he was now our only remaining ally , it would be illiberal to withhold any praise that was due to him . This was a very stout declaration , and he sincerely `` wished that his Swedish majesty might never have cause to regret '' the counsels of those who had advised him to make it . He must remark , however , that there was something curious in the wording of it . He confesses that he would have taken possession of Zealand had it been necessary ; and expresses a hope that he might never have cause to regret not having done it , even though it was not necessary . There the house would see the influence of example strikingly illustrated . The British government had bombarded Copenhegen ; levelled its houses , churches , and hospitals ; sacked its arsenals , and carried off its fleet ; because it was given out it was necessary so to do . The king of Sweden declares that had it been necessary , he would have taken possession after it was evacuated by our troops . And now the emperor of Russia would find it necessary to march an army into Finland , and to take possession of Stockholm . A right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Windham ) had advised ministers not to attempt running a race of violence and injustice with the ruler of France , because they were sure to be beat ; but he really thought that their first effort was no bad coup d'essai ; and it now appeared as if Sweden had been so much animated by their example , as to shew a roving disposition to follow them in their new career.—The right hon . gent . next adverted to the promise which they had made of Norway to Sweden , at least if he was to believe the documents which he had read . Sweden , he said , must be very sure of getting Norway in the end ; for , it seemed , it had been promised to her not only by the British government , but by the emperor Napoleon himself . Gen. 743 Brune , in a conference with a Swedish general who had fallen into his hands in Pomerania ( he did not know whether he was quizzing him or not ) , had held out precisely the same bait to the king of Sweden that his right hon . friend had done ; and let it be remembered , that it had been stated by ministers as a matter of accusation against Denmark , that she had not communicated this offer to the British government , at the same time that she informed the British government of the offer of Sweden to send a Swedish force to her assistance . This offer , he contended , was sufficient of itself to have provoked , the enmity of the emperor of Russia ; who , above all things , was jealous of the prerogative which he assumed to himself of protector of the North . He was therefore of opinion that lord G. L Gower was mistaken , in ascribing the hostile determination of the court of St. Petersburg to the interference of gen. Savary ; and that it could be much better accounted for by the propositions which we made to Sweden , after the capitulation of Copenhagen was signed and ratified . But , as to our giving away Norway , or Sweden taking Norway , it was really too ridiculous for ministers to talk of it . It was no longer ago than in 1787 , that a body of Norwegians put themselves in motion , and took possession of Gottenburgh , the second city of Sweden ; and it was difficult to say where they might have proceeded , had it not been for the intervention of Mr. Elliott , at that time the British minister at Copenhagen . It was reported that