had in arms , their facilities of receiving reinforcements , the difficulty of reducing so large a place at so late a period of the year , and the impossibility of effecting the reduction by any other sort of attack than that described ; when all these things were considered , he had no hesitation to say , that the army and navy had atchieved a service as great as any that had ever been performed by a British force ; they had atchieved that service in the most effectual manner , and the humanity and generosity which distinguished the whole of their conduct , both in hostility and in victory , shed a fresh lustre over their glory . On this last point certainly there could be but one opinion , both within doors and without.—Having thus far endeavoured to do justice to the merits of the army , he should not satisfy his feelings if he did not do a similar justice to the other departments . It was not usual for parliament to take notice of the merits of the departments that were concerned in the outfit of expeditions ; and the persons employed in those departments were as little disposed to take merit to themselves . The time at which the expedition was sent out , and the effectual manner in which every part of the preparation , naval and military was brought in aid of the object , called for a share of acknowledgment to all the co-operators . If it was wise to undertake the expedition at all , it was doubly incumbent to lose no time . Delay would have increased the difficulty and the eventual loss to this country and to the Danes . There was not only the 169 risque of the Danes drawing their army from Holstein to Zealand , but the French army of 40,000 men , under the command of marshal Bernadotte , then on the frontiers of that province , made no secret of its destination.—A considerable British force was already prepared for service on the continent ; but it was necessary , in altering the destination , to make a material change in the equipment of this force , by furnishing it , with the means of carrying on a siege . A large number of transports were collected , but their destination was to be altered . An ordnance train , the largest ever sent from this country , was to be prepared and embarked . All these preparations were made between the 19th July , when his majesty 's ministers , having shortly before received the information which determined them , took his majesty 's pleasure as to the propriety of the expedition and issued their orders accordingly , to the 30th of the same month , when the expedition sailed , completely prepared and equipped in every matter essential to a fleet and army . It was certainly in a great measure owing to the exertions of the Transport and Victualling Boards , and the Board of ordnance , that a British force of 25,000 men was assembled ready to act in the Baltic before the middle of August.—Having thus pointed out the military merits of the enterprise , and the useful co-operation of the public boards , he submitted to the house , whether a great injustice would not be done if those merits were not acknowledged , whatever doubts some might entertain of the moral justice and good policy of the enterprise . He could not think of the magnitude of the result without being satisfied , that the service called for the acknowledgment of parliament . If the navy had not done so much as the army , yet he had no hesitation to say , that though it was not prudent to bring the men of war to act directly against the formidable defences of Copenhagen towards the sea , they had rendered the most important service in checking the small craft , that would otherwise have annoyed the flank of the British army , impeded its operations , and added much to the loss of men . Certainly