a word or two upon the origin of the Standing Order which had been read . During the reigns of Charles II . and William III . in the progress of half a century , numerous attempts had been made by the house of commons to introduce into the house of lords objectionable measures , by connecting them with Money Bills ; so that unless their lordships condescended to such measures , the aids for the service of the state were refused . Urged by this endeavour , the house of lords , for the preservation of its own independence , entered on the Journals this Standing Order , and when so adopted it must either be obeyed or repealed . The order itself might require some explanation . The Money Bills therein referred to were easily distinguished : they always originated in a committee of ways and means , as did the Bill now under consideration : they had the preamble , in which the name of the lords ' house was excluded , as in this Bill ; and when the royal assent was given , it was not 'le roi le veut , ' but le roi remercie ses bons sujets , accepte leur benevolence , et ainsi le veut ; ' and so it would be given to this Bill , if it proceeded to that state of maturity . The instances adduced ought to be Money Bills of this description ; and if they were not , the Standing Order had no reference to them whatever . Trying , then , the examples or precedents stated by this test , he found that out of eight submitted to the attention of the house , only two or three in the course of a century were applicable to the purpose to which they were referred . If their lordships regarded their own consistency , independence , and dignity , he . thought they could not dispense with the Standing Order on the present occasion , and that the Bill must be rejected . contended , that the practice of the house ought to be taken as the interpretation of the Order , and that therefore , even upon this ground , the bill ought not to be rejected . He had , however , examined the bill , and had put the question to himself , whether there were any clauses in it which were foreign to , or different from its object as a Bill of Aid 1152 and Supply , and in his conscience he believed there were no such clauses . contended , that . no argument had been advanced by the noble lord , to shew that the last clause in the bill , that of indemnity , was a natural part of the bill of Aid and Supply . The noble lord had advanced no reason that could convince any man ; he had made it a matter between himself and his conscience—and his conscience was satisfied ; but he had not satisfied the understanding of noble lords who heard him.—The noble earl went over the other regulations of the Bill , to shew that they were now totally unconnected with the Supply ; and appealed to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , whose peculiar duty it was to watch over the Orders of the house , to say whether this important Order of 1702 would not he totally violated if they entertained this Bill ? began by expressing his surprise , that upon a question of this nature , the house had not yet heard the opinion of the person whose duty it more peculiarly was to study , to explain , and to enforce those Standing Orders which were enacted for the regulation of its proceedings , and which were as binding upon it as the laws of the land were upon the courts below . That a Standing Order of the utmost importance was , in the instance under consideration , attempted to be violated , the noble lord endeavoured to prove , by shewing , that several of the clauses were foreign to ,