parliament . When these Orders in Council were made , he assured the house , they were not pointed at America , but were intended as a direct and justifiable retaliation against France . He then adverted to the state of the navigation of America , and the immense increase of her shipping and carrying trade , her trade from the East Indies with all parts of the world , and the reduction in the sale of all East India goods , pepper , tea , & c. He repeated , that nothing was more desirable than to avoid warfare with America , and he could not help hoping , that when America came to consider coolly and deliberately upon the subject , she would be satisfied that these Orders were never intended against her ; that to preserve peace with that country was most desirable ; and he was well assured that government would see it in its true light—that of a measure of retaliation adopted through necessity . had been anxious to thank his learned friend ( the Advocate General ) for his excellent speech , but could not omit , at the same time , to recollect with gratitude another speech of that learned gentleman , * in which he had ably defended the Order in Council of Jan. 1807 , not only as founded on principles of natural justice , which were the basis of the law of nations ; but as directly bearing upon the enemy and considerate towards neutrals . The principle of that measure was so clearly expressed in a State Paper which had been alluded to in the course of the debate , † that he begged permission to read the words ; `` Neutrality , properly considered , does not consist in taking advantage of every situation between belligerent states , by which emolument may accrue to the neutral , whatever may be the consequences to either belligerent party ; but in observing a strict and honest impartiality , so as not to afford advantage in the war to either ; and particularly in so far restraining its trade to the accustomed * See vol . viii . p. 633 . †Lord Howick 's Letter to Mr. Rist , see p. 402 . 679 course which is held in time of peace , as not to render assistance to one belligerent in escaping the effect of the other 's hostilities . The duty of a neutral is , 'non interponere se bello , non hoste imminente hostem eripere ; ' and yet it is manifest , that lending a neutral navigation to carry on the coasting trade of the enemy , is in direct contradiction to this definition of neutral obligations , as it is , in effect , to rescue the commerce of the enemy from the distress to which it is reduced by the superiority of the British navy , to assist his resources , and to prevent G. Britain from bringing him to reasonable terms of peace . `` —Here was no assumption of the principle of retaliation , but a measure purely belligerent ; the justice of which could not be affected by the variable and occasionally relaxed practice of nations . It did , indeed , treat as France , all that France held in absolute control ; an extension consistent with the principle by which alone it was to be tried , as in practice it was not even strictly true that neutrals in peace had no share whatever in the coasting trade of individual France . They had shared in that trade before the revolution in the proportion of about 6,000 in one million of tons of shipping.—But the recent Orders in Council , retaliating upon the enemy his vain threat of blockade , which so far as America was concerned he had not attempted to execute , pronounced upon a large portion of the world , including nearly the whole of Europe , a constructive blockade , and then proceeded , with our immense naval force , to act towards neutrals as offensively as if such blockade were actually carried into effect .