Hussein Reza Cawn and Rajah Tiket Rai to be ministers , I shall naturally con sider the political measures of your government to be dependent on them , as well as the domestic . And , convinced of the necessity that they should be supported in the execution of their duty , I have given and ever will give them that countenance which the connection between our governments enables me to do . I feel this to be a duty incumbent on me , for the credit of the company , as well as your reputation ; since the connection between us , the employment of the companys troops in your dominions , and the effect reciprocally felt of a good or a bad government in our respective territories , equally affect both in the eyes of all Hindostan . '—What did the court of directors say upon this letter of lord Cornwallis ? —'To afford every possible countenance and protection to the minister , even in his opposition to the will of his master , in his exertions to remedy the abuses complained of , is a line of interference which the situation of affairs , and the disinclination of the vizier to enter upon any effectual reform , fully warranted . '—The hon . gentlemen on the opposite side of the house smiled at this description of the miseries of a mussulman government ! Did they think that this language was not applicable to the misrule and anarchy of the vizier 's territories ? or did they believe that lord Cornwallis exaggerated the calamities which distracted that country ? Mr. Lushington , considered this description to be perfectly true—to be ex- 1130 pressed in the voice of wisdom and just authority , in the vigour of lord Cornwalliss understanding , and in the unbroken firmness of his mind . It is upon these and the other records of that great and good mans former long and prosperous administration in India , with many of which Mr. L. was intimately acquainted , that every true friend of his memory must desire to rest the glory and humanity of his name ; not upon the few and fearful dispatches , written in the last imperfect days of his existence , when his noble spirit was fast sinking beneath the infirmities of nature.—The treaty of sir John Shore , now lord Teignmouth , remained to be considered , and any gent . who had read his ldp . 's minute upon this subject , could not entertain a doubt that lord Teignmouth knew the sovereign power over Oude was vested in the company . His lordship had stated , that he acted upon this conviction when he deposed vizier Ally from the musnud and placed Saadut Ally in that situation ; and certainly this interposition was one of those extreme acts of sovereign power , which nothing but the undoubted possession of that power , and an irresistible necessity for using it , could justify.—Under this correct impression of his power , and of his duty as governor-general , sir John Shore deposed vizier Ally , and placed Saadut Ally on the musand . The treaty formed on that occasion , bound the company to defend the dominions of Oude against all enemies ; and to enable them to perform this engagement in a better manner , the former subsidy , of 56,77,638 , was augmented to 76,00,000.—The first part of this treaty , which Mr. Lushington would particularly notice , was the last ; because the noble lord who had brought forward these accusations , had put a construction on it which , in Mr. L. 's judgment , was not its correct meaning . The words to which he alluded were these : The said nabob shall possess full authority over his household affairs , hereditary dominions , his troops , and his subjects . These words , considered apart from the rest of the treaty , would release the nabob from all connection with the company . If the nabob were really to possess full authority over his hereditary dominions , what became of the second article of