of Trafalgar , that proud and glorious event for the honour and independence of this country . At that period there was a hostile disposition against France on the continent ; even after the defeat of the Prussians , there existed an enmity and disposition on the continent against her influence and dominion ; in fact , as long as the continent saw any hope of resisting the French with success , a rancorous feeling and disposition to manifest resistance , appeared , either directly or indirectly , in most places which could bid defiance for the moment to the power of France ; but he was sorry to add , that the feelings and disposition which had thus distinguished the continent , while the fate of France was questionable , immediately changed after the unfortunate battle of Friedland . From that time the hope of the continent was turned into despair , the face of things was altered , and instead of resistance being thought of , every thing fell before the sword of the triumphant armies of France . Taking up the situation of Buonaparte at this period , how different was it from his condition at the period when we gained the victory of Trafalgar ! Though a short time had elapsed from the achievement of that memorable event to the success of the French at Friedland , yet such a sudden change had taken place on the continent , that the hopes of further resistance to them seemed wholly abandoned . This , then , being the relative situation of France and this country at the time , it must be obvious to every thinking mind that Buonaparte would immediately turn his views and power against the resources and ascendancy of the British empire . Did their lordships want any proof of his intention to destroy and annihilate our independence , nay , our very existence as a nation ? Could a doubt remain 344 in the breast of their lordships of his hatred , and of disposition to try all means by which he might accomplish our ruin and overthrow ; and how could he expect to promote his designs so effectually as by the complete ruin of our commerce and naval superiority ? He had asked their lordships , whether they could hesitate for a moment to decide that such was the intention of Buonaparte ; but if doubts could be still entertained on a subject , which to him appeared as clear as possible , surely they must be removed by the declaration of the enemy himself , who vaunted , soon after the battle of Friedland , that he had conquered the peace of the continent . And how did he gain his object even on the continent ? By compelling the powers whom he conquered , or whom he intimidated into an affiance , to yield to his wishes , and co-operate with him in his fixed , his determined , hostility against the existence of this great empire . Having thus forced , directly or indirectly , all the powers which he was able to controul , in the first instance , against England ; having , as he stated , conquered a peace on the continent , in order to commence a terrible war against our naval superiority , could it be supposed by any reflecting man in the country , with such evidence before him , of a determined . and fixed resolution to try all means for the accomplishment of our downfall—could it , he would again ask , be supposed that our active , desperate , and powerful enemy , would have neglected to avail himself of the means and resources which Denmark presented for the furtherance of his projects ? Was it to be imagined that the consummate general and able statesman who was at the head of affairs in France , entertaining such views , would neglect the desirable expedient of adding the navy of Denmark to his resources . If we should not be satisfied with this presumptive proof , we might bring the testimony still nearer ; for he announced this intention