own dignity and to the security of his dominions , if he had not taken the most effectual steps fur breaking through the combination that was collecting round him ; and it would have been idle , under such circumstances , to have waited the consent of Russia to measures calculated to repel a danger of which Russia herself formed so large a part . '' But there were no instructions to our ambassador to represent to Russia herself the consequences of her own conduct , or the mischief which his majesty apprehended to his own dominions , from her submitting to the guidance of France . The dispatch proceeded to state , `` that his majesty is perfectly willing that the pacification with the court of Denmark , should be wholly the work of the emperor of Russia . '' The emperor of Russia , who , but two or three paragraphs before had been described as the chief instigator of the designs against Great Britain , and the 262 great troubler of the repose of the North of Europe ! At this time a change took place in the Russian administration . Gen. Budberg gave up the portfeuille of the Foreign Affairs to count Soltykoffe . In the first interview that our ambassador had with count Soltykoff , he complained to him of not having received any communication of the secret articles of the Treaty of Tilsit . Then in a dispatch , dated St. Petersburg , Oct. 7 ( p . 207 . ) lord Leveson Gower states , that he had communicated to count Romanzow a copy of the Capitulation of Copenhagen , accompanied by a short note ( which note had not been laid on the table of the house . ) In this dispatch the noble lord says , that `` he thought it necessary to let the Russian ministry clearly understand that his majesty was not to be frightened out of the pursuit of such measures as he might judge expedient for the security of his empire , by any indirect menace or intimation of the displeasure of the emperor of Russia . '' ( All this while not one word is said of the conduct of Russia , with respect to Denmark ) . In reply , count Romanzow observed , `` That neither he nor the Danish minister had received any accounts from Kiel since the capture of Copenhagen ; that the emperor , therefore , being as yet , unacquainted with the sentiments or views of the Prince Royal of Denmark since that event , naturally waited for the communication of them , before his Imperial majesty could make up his own opinion upon the question . '' Count Romanzow then asked his Lordship , `` Whether it was the intention of his majesty 's government to restore the ships to the king of Denmark , in the case of peace being concluded with France ? '' To which lord Leveson Gower answered , that , `` the possession of the Danish fleet had been obtained by force , and not by negociation . '' In one of the dispatches from lord Leveson Gower , dated 2nd of Sept. our minister expresses satisfaction in finding that `` a considerable change had taken place in the tone and temper of general Budberg 's conversation . '' He had become `` mild and conciliating , '' he lead expressed `` great anxiety to remove every difficulty in the way of a perfectly good understanding between the two countries ; '' and in a subsequent dispatch lord Leveson Gower declares his surprise to have received on the following morning a Note from general Budberg expressive of the emperor 's astonishment at the information he had 263 received from his minister at Copenhagen , of the propositions made by Mr. Jackson to that court ; —propositions which he terms `` as derogatory to , as incompatible with , the dignity of every independent power . '' The fact was , that when lord Leveson Gower had an interview with general Budberg , the emperor was at Gatschina , where he had been for several