that the learned gent . who made this motion , looked to . `` Sir , I challenge him , or any other man , to cite an instance , in my life , that could serve to justify any unworthy insinuation on that score , or that can warrant a charge on my independence . That right hon . gent . may look to profit and power , and insinuate against others , what he feels in himself . But I will not permit him to charge me with such motives of action . But , to return to the subject , sir , the representation which has been made by the right hon . gent . respecting my conduct about lord Cullen 's pension , is not supported by the fact . A fact which passed in the presence of the house and of which I have the most perfect recollection . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , in moving the finance committee , threw out , most injuriously , some reflections 913 against the late ministers for pensions granted in Scotland . I was ill at the time , and did not hear him . But lord Howick communicated it to me , saying , the only unpleasant thing was a pension said to be granted to a judge during pleasure ; and wished me , as probably acquainted with the transaction , from my connection with that part of the country , to give an account of it . In consequence of that , I moved for the pension warrants to be laid on the table . In making that motion , I stated , certainly , though I say it of myself , in a manner to create no irritation or debate , the circumstances which gave rise to the proposed pension ; and , in doing so , it was a necessary part of my narrative to state , that a noble duke , now at the head of his majesty 's government , proposed to obtain that pension for the learned judge . A noble lord , nearly connected with the duke of Portland , who was present at the statement , without leaving the house , rose and said , that he was authorised to deny that the duke of Portland had ever had any intention to grant a pension to that learned judge . He had , indeed , once thought of obtaining a small pension to the lady of the judge , but that he had abandoned . I had occasion to rise in reply , and to vindicate the truth of my original assertion , which was positively contradicted by the noble marquis ( lord Titchfield ) ; and not thinking it sufficient , and it would not have been sufficient , to set my assertion against the other , I read from a note of the learned judge , written after an interview with the duke of Portland , a statement , that he had seen the duke , had made him master of all the circumstances , and that his grace desired to see me on the subject of his ( the learned judge 's ) pension . This is the real state of the case , it passed in the presence of you , sir , and the house , and I defy it to be contradicted . I ask , then , sir , if this bears any , the least resemblance , to what was stated by the right hon . gent . and whether he has not completely misrepresented the fact ? I ask if this reading a private note , is like a minister reading public dispatches—if reading it to induce the house to grant a paper or warrant , is like a minister reading dispatches , to influence the vote of this house , and to make a part of his own defence , and which he does not lay upon the table ? But , sir , I did not even do what I here suppose . I did not read any note or letter ;