, in its being insinuated that he had represented the Danes as humiliated and treated contemp- 396 tuously by France ; but he appealed to the recollection of the house , that he tried to give every appearance of ridicule in the story he had told of the Danish officer who was taken prisoner by the French , and treated with so much contumely ; and stopped short there to make the house believe that no satisfaction had been demanded . But the fact was otherwise ; the Crown Prince had made a demand of satisfaction , and obtained it from prince Murat . If the right hon . gent . had gone on and told the house that fact , it would have taken away all the force of his story ; so , when he read the passage he had selected from the noble lord 's letter , and at the end of which he was so heartily cheered , if he had but given one single word more—the word but—with the same emphasis that he concluded the sentence preceding it , that word but would have effectually knocked down all those cheers , by shewing that the opinion conveyed was directly contrary to that he wished to have believed . If no other man in the house would bring it forward , he would himself move for a vote of censure ; for never was censure so abundantly merited . was proceeding , but the house became so clamorous , that he was obliged to sit down . On a division , there appeared—For the motion 73 : Against it 157 . Majority 84—On our return to the gallery , gave notice of his intention of submitting to the house certain Resolutions relative to the Expedition to Copenhagen , and the Conduct Ministers therein ; but refused to name the day . List of the Minority . Abercromby , James Greenhill , Robert Baring , Alexander Griffinhoofe , B. Baring . Thomas Herbert , H. A. Bathurst , rt . h. C.B . Hibbert , G. Bernard , Scrope Horner , F. Bradshaw , A. C. Howard , col. Bruce , P. C. Howard , W. Burdett , sir F. Knapp , G. Byng , G. Knox , 'rho . Calcraft , sir G. Lambe , W. Cavendish , lord G. Lambton , R. J. Cavendish , W. Laurence , French Cavendish , G. A.H.C . Lloyd , colonel Cocks , hon . E. S. Loftus , general Colbourne , N. R. Lyttleton , W. H. Craig , J. Macdonald , James Crevey , Thomas Mackenzie , gen. Cuthbert , J. R. Martin , Henry Ebrington , visc . Mathew , M. Eden , W. Maule , W. R. Elliot , W. Milbank , sir Ralph Fergusson , general Miller , sir Tho . 397 Milton , viscount Russell , lord W. Moore , Peter Scudamore , R. Morpeth , Viscount Sharpe , Richard Mosley , sir O. Sheridan , R. B. Neville , R. Smith , G. Newport , sir John Taylor , M. A. Ord , William Temple , earl Ossulston , lord Tierney , G. Parry , Love Tracy , H. Peirse , Henry Vansittart , N. Petty , lord H. Vernon , G. G. V. Piggott , sir A . Ward , J. W. Ponsonby , F. Wardel , col. Prittie , F. A . Western , C. C. Quin , W. H. Whitbread , Sam . Romilly , sir S. Windham , W. The following are copies of the Papers relative to Denmark and the Order in Council of the 7th Jan. 1807 , moved for this day , by Mr. Whitbread . presented a Petition from the rev . James Scott , rector of Brampton Bryan , in the county of Hereford ; taking notice of the ingrossed bill from the lords , intituled , An Act for repealing an Act made in the 47th of his present majesty , intituled , An Act for suspending the operation of an act of the 36th of his present majesty for the further support and maintenance of Curates within the Church of England