be in the province of Bengal.— After the able and comprehensive speech of his right hon . friend opposite to him , ( sir John Anstruther , ) he felt that be should trespass unnecessarily upon the time of the house , if 1113 he attempted to enter , to any great extent , into the general question before it . He certainly thought , ( and he was persuaded that he spoke the sentiments of most of the gentlemen present , who were Conversant in the affairs of India , when he said , ) that our right of control over the affairs of Oude was fully established by the peculiar nature of the intimate connection subsisting between the East India company and the government of Oude ; connection which could not be dissolved without consequences the most injurious to both states , and probably destructive to the government of Oude . Much had been said respecting the interference of lord Wellesley 's immediate predecessors in the affairs of Oude ; and he certainly could not conceive a more direct and positive act of interference , or one which went further to establish the dependency of Oude upon the East India company , than that which was exercised by lord Teignmouth ; when , with the assistance of a British army , he deposed vizier Ali , whose elevation to the musnud he had before sanctioned , and placed the present vizier Sandut Ali in his room . In adverting to this transaction , he had no other object whatever than to call the attention of the house to lord Teignmouth 's opinion with respect to our relations in Oude , whose authority , so deservedly respectable upon all subjects , relating to India , is so entirely conclusive upon this particular point ; and he hoped it would be understood , that nothing was further from his intention than to impute the slightest blame to the noble lord for his conduct upon that occasion . On the contrary , he thought , that under circumstances of great difficulty , and , he believed , of personal danger , lord Teignmouth displayed a degree of judgment and firmness which was highly creditable to his character . He also thought , that his decision was founded in strict justice ; but , was it only where justice was due to others that our interference was warrantable ? but where it was due to ourselves , in a case where our security depends upon our interference , are we to remain inactive spectators of the ruin of the resources upon which that security was to depend ; nor could it be maintained , that the gov . gen. should have postponed his interference till that ruin was accomplished , rather than have interposed his authority to prevent it ? That it was fast approaching , was abundantly proved by the papers upon the table ; and he would ask the house , 1114 what must have been the condition of those provinces , if , in addition to the calamities under which they were suffering , they had been exposed to the evil of becoming the seat of a Mahratta war ; and yet , had those provinces continued under the direction of the vizier , at the breaking out of the Mahratta war , it would have been utterly impossible for lord Lake ( whose loss the public and his friends have so much reason to deplore ) to have achieved that brilliant campaign , for which , among other marks of distinction deservedly conferred upon him , he received the thanks of the house . His army would have found sufficient employment in restraining and keeping in check the mutinous and disorderly troops of the vizier . Had he attempted to advance beyond the frontier , the country would have been in open rebellion ; his supplies ( if indeed he could have procured any from a country in such a condition ) .would have been cut off ; he must therefore have remained in Oude upon the defensive , and ( in addition to the evils of a