influence justly to alarm the country . It was fully counterbalanced by the growing influence of the other estates . But we were told it was not the intention of the measure to go any further than to a temporary suspension of the prerogative . Whether the bill was for one , or two years , or four years , was just the same to him . It was the principle , not the duration of the measure ; he objected to ; in the principle was the mischief of it , and he would oppose it in the very beginning . It was the beginning of every evil that ought to be resisted , because resistance might afterwards be fruitless . Let their lordships look to the beginning of the French revolution . Let them consider what irreparable mischief followed the advice of M. Neckar to increase the number , and consequently the weight of the tiers etat . The tiers etat prevailed ; the nobility were soon proscribed , despoiled of their possessions , and driven into beggary and exile ; and what was the pretext arid cause of that violent change ? The reform of abuses ; the adoption of an economical system . If their lordships were therefore wise , they would meet this first attempt of a similar nature , and not yield to it . For his part , here he should make his stand . The other house might propose such measures of reform and economy , but he was determined not to submit . left the woolsack merely to observe , that he had delivered 1047 his sentiments fully on a preceding day ; that he continued in the same persuasion ; and that this bill should not , with his individual concurrence , go into a committee . urged the expediency of agreeing to the bill , and defended the conduct of the house of commons , which he conceived to be perfectly constitutional , the amount of it merely being an address to his majesty not to grant any offices in reversion until six weeks after the commencement of this session of parliament . He differed with the noble and learned lord as to the causes of the evils which followed the transactions of 1641 ; he thought they were rather produced by high prerogative lawyers stretching the prerogative too far . As to the fears of what had been once formidable remaining when the danger had ceased , it might be to that sentiment that we might attribute the terrors some people even now had of the pope , and their fears for the return of queen Mary . He intreated their lordships not to reject the bill ; but , on the contrary , by agreeing to it , to show their disposition to concur in measures of public economy . objected to the bill , on . the ground that no necessity for it had been proved ; there was nothing but the mere statement in the preamble that it was expedient , but why it was expedient was not shewn ; and that , in his opinion , was not a sufficicient ground for calling upon the king to give up a long-used prerogative . He thought the bill ought to be discussed there on its own merits , without mixing with it any question about the conduct of the house of commons . also objected to the bill , on a similar ground . He did : not think the bill at all a measure of public economy ; or that it had any greater connection with public economy than with the Greenland whale-fishery . The prerogatives of the crown must be always considered to exist for the benefit of the people ; but in this case there was , in his opinion , no object of public benefit to he attained . Under the circumstances , however , in which this bill came to the house , he intended , if the order was discharged , to move that a message be sent to the house of commons , requesting a conference , in