, necessary for the protection of this country against the power of France . When France declared our ports in a state of blockade , the interests of neutral states were reciprocal ; but neutral states were bound to protect themselves ; and if they did not do so , England was entitled , by the law of nations , to adopt principles necessary to support her commerce , and for her preservation . He would ask the noble lord , whether there was any state on the continent of Europe where justice was to be had on the established law of nations ? The law was the will of the French , and consequently the law of Great Britain must be to provide for her preservation . He had no hesitation in saying , his majesty 's government did receive information that there were secret engagements in the treaty of Tilsit to employ the navies of Denmark and Portugal against this country . The evidence required by the noble lord to prove this fact , was of a description which could not possibly be produced . If government were to communicate private in- 29 formation there would be an end of all confidence , and at this time , when Europe was under the controul of France , the lives of individuals , friendly to this country , would inevitably fall a sacrifice . There were , however , facts in corroboration , which proved that his majesty 's ministers did receive private information of the nature alluded to , and no statement appeared , even in the papers published by order of the French government , to contradict the assertion . That information was corroborated by a variety of other channels wholly unconnected with each other . It was corroborated by the testimony of the government of Portugal , to whom it was proposed to make common cause with the continent against England , and to unite their fleet with that of Spain , of France , and of Denmark , to enable the confederacy to make a general attack upon these islands . It was corroborated by the testimony of different persons in Ireland , where , strange to say , all the designs and projects of the enemy were most speedily known , and where it was promised that the combined fleets of Spain , Portugal , and Denmark , would make a descent both on Ireland and this country . Nay , what was more , not only were these means pointed out to the disaffected in Ireland , but they were , moreover , made acquainted with the period of time when the design was to be carried into execution . As to the intentions of Denmark towards this country , as little doubt could be entertained . It was now well known that Denmark , upon a comparison of the inconveniences that would result from a rupture with this country and with France , was of opinion that the disadvantages of a war with France would be less than those of a war with England ; and , as to the state of forward preparation of her fleet , certain circumstances appeared to our naval officers , which proved to them that the fleet was intended soon to put to sea.—Now , as to the question , why we did not also attack the Russian fleet , there were abundant reasons for not doing it . Was it wished that we should have proceeded to Cronstadt and seize the Russian fleet , while we left the Danish fleet of 16 sail of the line behind us ? The Russian fleet , besides , was not so ready for sea , nor so well calculated in any respect as the Danish fleet to carry the designs of the enemy into execution . Moreover , there were many circumstances in the Treaty of Tilsit , which indisposed the people of 30 Russia against that treaty , and even at the time the seizure of the banish fleet was known at Petersburg , the emperor of Russia seemed more disposed than before ' to renew his