being superior to man , that England would not have been annihilated , if she had preserved the maxims of good faith . No , sir , no future historian of this country will ever write as its epitaph that she might have preserved her independence , or her rank , if she had been unprincipled , and unjust.—But the : ministers say that they have precedents in the conduct of their predecessors , and they alledge the examples of Lisbon , Alexandria and the Dardanelles : and here , sir , it is remarkable that they seem to have other views for searching into the events of that administration , than the flippant reason assigned on a former occasion . It was said with great and reprehensible levity , that the task of the present ministers was in ore respect easy , that they had nothing to do , but to look into the measures of their predecessors in order that they might adopt measures directly contradictory . Here , sir , they seem to have had other purposes in research : they seem to have wanted to steal a little sense for their exercise , to have sought for examples to follow , and not to avoid ; but unawares to have fallen into the course which they pretend to pursue , for surely , sir , contrariety , direct opposition , are the only relations that exist between the attack on the Dardanelles , and the precautionary measures taken in the Tagus . In the former they sent out positive directions to the admiral not to take any measures till the minister informed them that war had taken place ; and then what was the fleet to do ? to enforce the performance of the treaties and engagements of the Turks with our ally . And at Lisbon ! they did not bombard the city , destroy its inhabit , ants , and convert an ally into an enemy ; did not take ' possession of it , and then abandon it ; in their Instructions they only gave orders to secure the fleet in the event of a possible ease , of the actual invasion of Portugal by the French , and the actual refusal of Portugal to receive aid from us , and to contend with the enemy.—But , sir , all this is merely a fresh instance of that mole of defence to which they have resort on all occasions.—A smart recrimination on the last administration . This practice has been resorted to by the present ministers to an extraordinary degree . Whenever a distinct accusation is brought against them , they immediately reproach their predecessors with some 1198 similar , error or job.—What , sir , is this to the house of commons ? what is it to the country . It is indeed a most convenient mode of defence for those who have no other to plead . It is a good scheme to divert from their own misconduct the attention of the public , who are too apt as unskilful sportsmen to hunt the drag with as much eagerness as the game . It is an evident advantage to those who have many errors and many jobs to defend , to find , or to invent some inadvertence , which , however inconsiderable , may be used as a justification against any enormity.—Few criminals but must escape , if they had a right to their acquittal by giving evidence of the infirmities of the jury , and of the judge . Some people never think themselves -right , but when they think others in the wrong . If , sir , the last ministry have been guilty of misconduct , or of meanness , bring forward the charge , let the trial commence . This is what they ask , and the , denial of this justice is a pretty clear proof of the futility of the accusation . Sir , this would be , to defend forgery by saying , sir , you write your humble servant to a letter . I scarcely talk with a member of either house