he looked upon the restoration of the ships to Denmark as a matter of right ; but that he thought it an act of generosity becoming the character of the British nation . professed himself one of those who thought that ministers had conscientiously and ably discharged their duty towards the country , in taking possession of the Danish fleet . He was satisfied they were aware of all the objections in point of morality ; but that a paramount duty had compelled them to over-rule those objections . He would not allow that any consideration of time or circumstances warranted a deviation from the great principles of morality . In the expedition to Copenhagen , there was no such deviation . A superior duty had outweighed a lesser ; and that was itself one of the first principles of moral duty and moral reasoning . The transactions with respect to Portugal involved the same principles , and the result made no difference . It might have been said that Portugal should be controuled by force , and that Denmark might have accepted the proffered alternative of amity and protection . Denmark was unwilling to take any measure whatever of defence against France ; and if she had been willing , all she could have done would have been inadequate . It was , therefore , perfectly allowable in us , to secure the arms , which , if directed against us , might be dangerous . But , he was unwilling to carry violence beyond what the necessity of the case required . He would not have the high character of the nation sunk , by shewing a disposition to retain a valuable possession , when the exigency that caused us to seize that possession should have passed away . He wished , therefore , to take no step , with respect to the application of the ships , which might make it matter of difficulty for his majesty to restore them , when circumstances should render that proceeding perfectly consistent with the public safety . The naval and military officers might be compensated as they usually were , by a compensation from the public purse . He 1289 wished to prove to Denmark , and to the world , that we were actuated by no feeling of interest in taking the Danish fleet ; and that the fleet would be given back , if the independence of Denmark should be again established . entered fully into the generous feelings of his hon . friend , and agreed that all he had said would have been applicable , if the Danes had no hostile feelings to this country , and if their weakness alone had been the ground of danger to this country . But Denmark had acted like an enemy , and was treated as such , and her fleet was as lawful prize as any of the enemy 's ships captured at sea . The motion was , besides , imprudent , even if there had been a ground for it ; for who was to judge when Denmark might be completely neutral or not ? concurred in the motion . But , as to the ministers restoring the ships at the end of the war , he hoped that would not be exactly applicable ; for he expected that before that time they would be out of power . though he thought the expedition justfied , concurred in the address , on the same grounds as his hon . friend ( Mr. Wiberforce ) . argued that there . was no ground for such an address , either in point of justice , policy , or generosity . We were justified in seizing the fleet , on the ground of necessity , whether Denmark should be considered as weak or as hostile ; and therefore could not be bound in justice to restore the ships after the course which Denmark had taken at the time , and subsequent to the event . The policy also would be , absurd , flagrante hello ; for it would prove an obstacle to future negotiation , and to our