Russian and Austrian mediation ; but the third resolution was what struck his mind as by far the most important , though disavowed by so many of his hon . friends , because in that the feelings and fortunes of almost every one in the kingdom , who possessed either , were most intimately and deeply concerned . He believed there were many persons in this country who had , from the arguments that were daily and hourly advanced respecting the ruler of France and his views , imbibed the false and ridiculous idea that they would be safer in war than they could be in peace ; but nothing could be more Mistaken than that notion . These people seemed to form their opinions , that our safety was peculiarly owing to the number of our ships ; but this was not the case . France , Spain , and Holland combined , might be able to build more ships than we could ; but what gave us the proud superiority we had so long been able to boast , was the invincible spirit , the native hardiness , and the excellent training of our men to the science of navigation and the practice of gunnery , which , aided by their native courage and bravery , rendered them an overmatch on the ocean for any seamen in the world . The French revolution had shown that an army might be raised and 863 brought to a state of discipline in one campaign ; but a navy required great time and practice to bring it to perfection ; and for that reason he should never fear the number of ships that any enemy could bring against us . What particularly struck his mind with considerable weight on the present motion , so far as it regarded peace , was the immense change that had taken place in the situation of France . That country had , 15 years ago , begun the war with a confederacy of all Europe against her , headed by England ; and the war she was now prosecuting , was a confederacy of all Europe , joined with her , against England , who now stood alone in the contest . The cause of coalitions , which this country had made such mighty and repeated efforts to form , was now extinct ; and those who had deluded themselves with dreams of victory at Austerlitz , at Jena , and at Eylau , bad now no point of contact , and could no more expect to unite other powers against the French , than if they lived in another planet . When our ancestors attempted to check the power of France , they did it by the superior prowess of their men , aided by great alliances ; but at this moment we could boast but of one ally in all Europe . He ridiculed the idea of our entering on a commercial opposition , in which we had every thing to lose and nothing to gain . We depended almost solely on commerce . France was a country of such extent and resources that she could much better bear the want of it . If it were merely a race of luxury against luxury , of sugar against sugar , and so forth , it might bear some degree of comparison ; but France had been , during the whole time since the commencement of the revolution , obliged to submit to one privation after another , and had , on that account , a decided advantage over us in this work of what ministers called retaliation . In the midst of this unequal warfare , however , it was extraordinary and surprising to observe the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . When his hon . friends on this side of the house attempted to point out the weakness of their measures , down came the chancellor of the exchequer to the house , and , with all the pride and pomp of office , boasted that he had found a certain remedy for all our misfortunes , and that he would