this country in negotiation : and , that stipulations are altogether left out , the omission of which may defeat the means now relied 1168 upon by his majesty 's ministers for the successful prosecution of the war . '' [ JESUITS ' BARK BILL . ] The Chancellor of the Exchequer having moved that the house should resolve itself into a committee on this bill , repeated his objections to the bill , which he characterised as a moat abominable measure , calculated only to hold the country up to universal execration . It was the first attempt to put on the statute book any of those ideas which evidently shewed that the moral character of England had been gradually deteriorating . One of those ideas was that infamous one , some time ago so prevalent , that in case of invasion no quarter should be given to the French troops , but that they should be all massacred , or confined for life to work , in mines and coal pits . The object of the bill was , like the old one of hedging in the cuckoo , ' impossible . Great quantities of bark were on the continent , and he read a Parisian price current , to shew that bark was much lower in price there than what had been stated . There were , in this country , above a million of pounds of bark , which , in another sense of the word , had become a mere 'drug , ' and it was impossible to sell it on any terms whatever . This bark had been imported under licenses from government . Several persons had invested their whole property in this article , and had , in his opinion , a right to call on his majesty 's ministers to require that the public should take it all into their hands . Were they to be consumed for the purpose of carrying into execution the vengeance of the country ? Were they to be treated as shells , the explosion of which involved their own destruction ? The bill united in itself detestable cruelty with absurd folly . He therefore opposed the Speaker 's leaving the chair . defended the policy of the measure , and contended that it was perfectly justifiable as a mode of warfare . To his certain knowledge , yellow bark had been purchased in London at 10s . per lb . and after having paid 30 per cent . insurance had sold for a considerable profit in France . The withholding of this article must give a facility to the introduction of our manufactures , and in this point of view the measure was most humane , as it tended to relieve the distresses of our manufacturers . The opposition to this measure was part of that systematic plan of thwarting the measures of govern- 1169 ment , so undeviatingly pursued by the hon . gentlemen opposite , who , in addition to their proceedings in the house , had , by letters and otherwise , instigated the presentation of petitions for peace . asked by what right the hon . aldermen accused any member of a disposition to thwart the measures of government . Such an insinuation should never deter him from expressing his sentiments on any bill that might be submitted to the consideration of the house . This bill contained a proposition most degrading to the country , namely , to carry our hostility into the chambers of the sick . He denied that any attempt had been made on his side of the house to promote petitions for peace ; on the contrary , they had discouraged such petitions . entered into a general defence of the bill , which he contended was not more devoid of humanity , than the bill for prohibiting the exportation of cotton wool , or any other measure which must operate in the first instance most heavily upon the poor of the enemies country , and only circuitously on the government whom it was most desirable to affect . He repeated , that the evils would not