such a measure , as he was confident the house had no reason to depart from that resolution ; and he trusted , that no obstacles would be thrown in the way of that which , in the strictest sense , was the bill of that house . Unless some unanswerable reasons could be brought forward , he hoped the house would maintain the work of their own hands . It might have been sufficient for him to put the house in possession of the subject , merely recommending it to them to persevere in what they had already considered a useful measure ; but lest there should be any suspicion that it was intended by this measure to encroach upon the prerogative of the crown , he wished to show that it did not in any manner trench upon that prerogative . What was sought , was not to restrain the power of the crown in the appointment of persons to lucrative offices , but merely to suspend such appointment till a vacancy should occur , in order that an opportunity might be given of appointing the fittest person , as it was a well known 97 fact , that by granting offices in reversion , persons had been appointed wholly unfit for such situations . On these grounds , he thought this a fit bill to pass at any time , but more particularly under the present circumstances of the country . It was well known that a committee of enquiry into certain measures of economy had been going on during the two last sessions of parliament , and was still continuing , by whom many offices of emolument , but with no duty to perform , might be entirely suppressed ; but the existence of offices in reversion would , in some cases , have the effect of putting off , to a great length of time , the execution of any recommendation proceeding from that committee . This , which had formerly been urged as an objection against the present measure , was , with them , a ground on which he might chiefly rely in urging its expediency . He did not conceive , however , that there could be any occasion to trouble the house further upon a motion which formerly passed with its unanimous concurrence . He should only express his hope for the same degree of unanimity in regard to the bill he should now propose , and would conclude with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill to prohibit the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with benefit of survivorship . '' felt himself called upon to state his distinct opposition to the measure proposed . It was not the custom of parliament to pass in a subsequent session what it had agreed to as a matter of course in a preceding session . The discretion of every member remained open to correct itself on reflection . Much less was it to be regarded as a matter of course that the house was bound to agree in every respect , and to coincide in every recommendation of the committees it appointed . Every thing was to be considered and reconsidered as often as it came before the house , upon the fair view of the arguments that should appear for and against it . He opposed the present measure on the broad ground of its invading the inherent prerogative of the crown , not merely by suspending , but by taking away and destroying its right of granting certain offices according to established usage . He did not think there was much solidity in the argument , that grants in reversion were liable to be exercised in favour of improper persons . The advisers of the crown were always responsible for any impropriety of 98 this kind , whether the grant was direct or reversionary . The line he took on this occasion might not be popular , but he would do his duty . When the abolition and reformation of offices , and the limitation of the prerogative of the