treated . Instead of such a case made out or even alledged , what has the President of the Board of Controul advanced ? Why , first he glanced at the supposition of an invasion of Oude by Zemaun Shah , and , in glancing at it only , I confess he has shewn his discretion . Why , sir , at the very period allotted to this pretended invasion , Zemaun Shah was in his grave . Lord Wellesley in his letter of Jan. 1 , 1802 , says to the Directors , `` The danger of invasion from Candahar is entirely removed by the destruction of the power of Zemaun Shah , and by the actual state of his dominions ; while our north-western frontier has been considerably strengthened by the recent arrangements effected in Oude . '' The arrangements alluded to consisted of nothing but the exaction of money and territory from the nabob , contrary to the most solemn treaties , and in violation not only of every principle of good faith but of common humanity ; and for what purpose ? To provide against a danger , which was entirely removed , if ever it existed . But the hon . President says , 'The French were in Alexandria ; ' and this was another necessity for taxing the nabob of Oude . My conviction is , that , if they had remained in undisturbed possession of Alexandria to the present day , they could not have invaded India from that quarter , nor did they ever intend it . They had no fleet or transports in the Red Sea , nor had they the means or materials for building ships there , or to find provisions or even fresh water at Suez , equal to so great an embarkation , and so long a voyage , of which the navigation for a fleet from Suez to the Indian sea is perhaps the most difficult and dangerous in the world . And even then , unless the French could obtain a naval superiority in the Indian seas , how could they possibly get to India from Egypt ? The hon . President seems averse to further discussion on the profest principle of lord Wellesley 's conduct . Perhaps he will have no objection to answer a few questions upon the effect of it . What has been gained by these acts of injustice and oppression ? Look at the result 1298 of all these frauds and cruelties , which are called polity ; see into what a situation they have brought you at last . Have you extended your dominions ? Yes , in violation of the resolutions of this house , confirmed and made law by two acts of parliament . You have a frontier , which you can not defend , and you have alienated the affections of the native powers , who wait only for an opportunity to make you feel their hatred , and I am afraid that issue will be tried at no very distant period . In the mean time , what profit have you derived from this boasted increase of your dominions ? Your establishments have grown much faster than even your territory ; with all your immense acquisitions , with all your subsidiary treaties , with the Mysore , the Decan , the Carnatic and Oude , with four kingdoms added to your possessions , your annual expences exceed your revenues by two millions and a half . Not a rupee in your treasury at Calcutta , at Fort St. George , or Bombay ; in general circulation , nothing but paper , and thus , sir , have all those extortions , which are termed policy , ended in your own beggary . I state the general effect of the policy I allude to , as embracing all India . The treatment of the nabob of Oude is a sample of that policy , and a striking example of its effect.—But perhaps it may be said , that this commercial sovereign , the India Company , though not very wise or fortunate in the exercise of