in the proper sense of the term . But honour and dignity consisted not in holding haughty language With a friendly power . He agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , that nothing said in that house could have the effect a driving America into 1282 measures of hostility which she would not otherwise have recourse to . If both governments understood the interests of their respective countries , war might still be avoided . America would consult her dignity by acting directly contrary to the spirit manifested by our government , by offering explanation , by seizing every opportunity of negotiation , and by employing the most conciliating language , while there was a chance that war could be avoided . It was a most inconvenient circumstance , that negotiation proceeded while the embargo continued ; but still he was glad that negotiation was going on . If ministers , convinced of their error , should renew the relations of amity between the two countries , they would not be reproached from that side of the house with inconsistency . He concluded by expressing his perfect concurrence in the resolutions . expressed his belief , that there was some ground for expectation in Russia that she would receive some assistance from this country . As to the exact nature or amount of that assistance , it was not for him to determine what it might have been ; whether an expedition ought to have been sent to this point or the other , or at what precise period of the year it ought to have been equipped . A noble lord had dwelt with peculiar force upon the circumstance of a loan having been refused by this country to be granted to Russia . He lamented as sincerely as that noble lord , the burthens to which the people of this country were necessarily subjected ; but , though-it might not suit the convenience of the country to advance six millions as a loan or subsidy to Russia , was the government of this country to consider itself so far restricted by the proposition of an advance to that amount being made to us , that it was not at liberty to say what sum it could afford , or what amount of money the nation would advance towards the support of the common cause of Europe ? This , he contended , ought to have been done ; for , on Russia , and on the assistance that it received , in order to enable it the more effectually to resist that overwhelming power which had now almost deluged the continent , depended the welfare of almost every other state . If Russia had received sufficient assistance , the emigration of the court of Lisbon might have been prevented ; and if Russia had been properly supported , it might not have been neces- 1283 sary to have made the late attack upon Copenhagen , which had been so much the subject of complaint.—There was another point to which their lordships ' attention was particularly called ; namely , the probable effect which our Orders in Council would have on the government of America , the degree of irritation which they would be likely to occasion in the minds of that people , or , in short , how far they would be likely to affect the relations , political or commercial , of the two countries reciprocally . At present , he would not tell all that came within his knowledge on that subject , neither would their lordships think it becoming in him , if , pending a negociation , he were , in his place in that house , publicly to announce the whole amount of whatever information he might obtain elsewhere , by means of his official situation . But , this much he could assure their lordships , that , notwithstanding the apprehension which some noble lords might have upon that point , and notwithstanding the alarm which appeared to be entertained elsewhere , he could assure their lordships , that no such disagreable sensation was occasioned in America by the