Rd . Strachan 's squadron , particularly from the tempestuous state of the weather . The best mode of relieving blockading squadrons was to send fresh ships ; the men had thus an opportunity of being refreshed , and the wear and tear of ships was much diminished . He could not here omit paying a just tribute to the patience and zeal of the officers of the squadron under sir Rd . Strachan , who bore every hardship with cheerfulness for the good of their country . Every attention and relief was due to such men ; but the admiralty could only appropriate such means of relief as they had . Was it consistent with the public service to allow sir S. Smith to rest idle from want of sufficient force ? Was it desirable to keep back the expedition under sir S. Hood , and to suffer the Russian fleet , if it had come out , to proceed home unmolested ? Certainly no Englishman would say so . Every relief competent with circumstances had been afforded to the blockading squadrons . The ships ordered to the relief of sir Rd . Strachan 's squadron were the Bellerophon , which , when partly fitted out , was found to be so bad that it was necessary to take her into dock at Plymouth to be repaired . The Superb , Colossus , and Cumberland joined : the Spencer was prepared , but prevented from joining by an epidemic disorder breaking out among her crew . He would leave it to naval authorities whether a relief of five ships upon seven was not ample and adequate . Sir Rd . Strachan was driven from his anchorage in Basque roads by bad weather . He met the relief ships in the rendezvous appointed in his last general letter . Sir Rd . was now up the Mediterranean ; Brest was blockaded ; Madeira was looked to ; the West Indies were safe ; and we had a tolerable force to look the American gentlemen in the face if they should prove refractory . The admiralty , so long as it was directed by the noble lord now at the head of it , would not shrink from any attack that might be made by the hon . gent . opposite . Let the charges be brought forward upon the papers ; but let not a premature and uncandid aspersion be cast upon a man who stood as high any other in the country . The hon . gent . concluded with reading a resolution which was nearly the same in substance as what had been Moved by Mr. 886 Calcraft , and expressing his willingness to grant any information which could , without danger to the public interest , be given . observed , that certainly the resolutions read by the hon . gent . could not answer the purpose of his hon . friend , as there was omitted in them the letter of sir Rd . Strachan to lord Gardner , applying for relief . He said that the weather could not have been so tempestuous at that time , as he knew that from the 6th of Nov. to the 25th of Dec. ships sailed daily west ward from Portsmouth . The charge brought against the board was sufficiently plain , arising out of the fact that sir Rd . Strachan was obliged to leave is cruizing ground to meet victuallers ; but by remaining at Rochfort he would be obliged to capitulate for want of provisions . stated , that the Adrian cutter had sailed with victuallers on the 14th of Nov. and had arrived on the 30th . rose to supply an omission in his statement . The Colossus joined on the 12th , and the enemy did not come out till the 18th of Jan. Our squadron and the Collossus did not communicate till the 18th , and on account of foul weather , the Mediator was not cleared till the 19th . , in reply , observed that he was not aware that any observations be had felt it his duty to make