of these Papers would be a source of disappointment to the gentlemen opposite , because it would deprive them of the foundation of much declamation , in accusing his right hon . friend of having made garbled extracts . The Papers had never been refused on public grounds . They had been asked for to prove that his right hon . friend had misrepresented the contents of lord Howick 's dispatches , which he had not done , and it was on that ground that they had been demanded and refused , because the granting them on that occasion would have been an admission on his part of the misrepresentation . If the Papers had been demanded on other grounds , his right hon . friend would not have objected to their production . What had been said would , he trusted , be sufficient to satisfy the house of the propriety of his right hon . friend 's motion . observed , that the hon . gentlemen opposite shewed a disposition to laugh , though their mirth resembled the singing of children in the dark , to shew they were not afraid . He contended , with his right hon . friend , that the house would , by their proceeding , be placed in a situation of indignity , and he lamented that the forms of the house did not admit of 759 ascertaining who would follow the example of the hon . gent . The papers had been refused on public and private grounds , and were now to be granted , because the character of the right hon . gent had been touched . They ought to have been produced to clear up the character of the late foreign secretary equally as well as the present . The right hon . gent . then argued to shew , that many more papers were necessary to be produced , in order to justify the right hon . secretary , or to do justice to the characters of those who had been misrepresented . entered his protest against the doctrine laid down on the other side of the house , that no papers should be refused but such , as , if produced , would be prejudicial to the public service . Nothing was more common than to refuse papers when no adequate or sufficient ground was laid for the production . had thought , when his right hon . friend introduced his motions without any observations , that it was a bad plan . But from the line of argument pursued by the noble lord , and the rt . hon . gent . on either side of him , he could not but applaud that course of his right hon . friend , and he was sure that his right hon . friend would have been well pleased , if his friends had practised the same taciturnity with himself . He defied the noble lord to produce any reason now that would not have applied equally against the papers in the former instance , and argued at some length to prove that the papers then moved for would neither be sufficient to the purpose of his right hon . friend , nor to acquit the character of Mr. Garlike ; and concluded with an amendment for the production of all the communications which had been received in the course of last year—A conversation followed , in which Mr. Bankes observed , that the amendment could not be received , as being word for word the same as a motion already rejected . confirmed the observation of Mr. Bankes , as to the point of order . said , that though some papers which had been refused were included in his motion , the motion was in form , very different from any before offered . proposed to adjourn the debate , on the point of order . by moving that the entry on the journals , with respect to the former motion , should be read , did not mean that 760 the rejection at that time should preclude the house from adopting the motion ;