gent . and those near him , forgot that there is a news-paper called the Morning Post , that that minute had been previously published in that newspaper in a garbled state ; who furnished that garbled minute to the Morning Post ? perhaps the right hon . secretary can tell this , and if he can , shall we hesitate to be convinced that he is himself the reader of garbled extracts . But , sir , lord Grey stated here , that he acted by the permission of the king . What he stated ( for he read nothing ) was by his majesty 's permission to counteract a newspaper misrepresentation , and not to influence decision ; to set himself and his colleagues right in the eyes of this house ; and it seems most extraordinary that a case thus circumstanced should be cited , as having any bearing on this case , when papers were read for hours together without any authority to read them , in order to influence debate and decision.—Now , sir , I insist that the conduct of the right honourable secretary , which I call in question , is against the usage of parliament—that this is proved by its never appearing to have been the practice of the house , and by its being checked each time on the occasions on which it was done . As to modern practice , whatever it may be , I care not , because , I deny that that justifies the practice , or defeats the ancient usage , founded on the principles that formed the common law of the country , the practice of the house , and the acquiescence of the people ; and , I contend that my doctrine is confirmed and established by the entries of the 8th of Feb. which I have read to the house , being the only entries of the sort to be found on your journals . Had it been otherwise , there must have been hundreds of the same sort . It is to check this practice that I have moved these resolutions , the wording of which the right hon . secretary . has chosen to criticize . As to his insignificant grammatical observation , I certainly shall not waste the time of the house by entering on them . But as to their substance and object , my meaning 919 was this , and I contend that I have executed it—to resolve the fact in the first , and draw the conclusion in the second . The right hon . gentleman has retired , because they criminate him : and you , sir , have sanctioned his act . I can only say what my meaning was . I will not assert that ; in nice construction , the latter part of the second resolution may not be connected with the fact stated in the beginning of the first , namely , that the secretary of state being charged with having done the thing , the offence may not be referred to him personally , stated at the end of the second resolution . But my meaning was , by using the words 'confidential servants of the crown , ' to make it a general proposition as to all , and not a breach of trust by one , as my object was a general resolution to prevent the grievance in future . Sir , I am now , notwithstanding the tone in which this has been taken up , perfectly satisfied that I have discharged a most important duty in bringing this most important question of the law and constitution of parliament into discussion ; both to counteract the entries on the journals , and to check a course of proceeding which places the means of swaying the decisions and acts of this house , by misrepresenting facts , and withholding the evidence of them intirely in the hands of the ministers of the crown . If this object is obtained I am satisfied , and I am confident that in future what has been done now will put a stop