leave to bring in a bill to prevent , for a time to be limited , the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with the benefit of survivorship . Two principal reasons had originally actuated the committee of which he had the honour to be chairman , in recommending a bill of this kind to the consideration of the house . The first was an opinion that there was no utility in granting Offices in Reversion , but that it would be of infinitely greater advantage , both to the persons performing services to the state and also to the government itself , that an opportunity should be afforded , at the time a vacancy happened , of considering who was best qualified to supply it , than that it should be disposed of long before there was any prospect of a vacancy , thereby affording an opportunity to those in power at the time , of bestowing such offices on persons not meriting by their services any mark of public favour . The other was a consideration merely financial ; it appearing to the committee to be advisable that the power of granting Offices in Reversion should be suspended , till they should have concluded their inquiries as to what offices were fit to be abolished , and what to be reformed . In what he should state to-day , he begged it to be understood , that he did not depart from any thing he had said when he first introduced this measure ; he trusted the house would be actuated by similar sentiments , and would not so suddenly and lightly depart from what , in a former parliament , they had resolved unanimously , and in the last and present parliament had passed , though not unanimously , yet nearly so . He was one of those persons who wished to do all the good he could , where he was not allowed to do all the good he wished . Therefore , he should not to-day give any opinion on the first of the two points to 1260 which he had alluded , except merely to lay in his own claim to consistency in feeling his conviction of the propriety of the measure in no respect shaken . What he meant now to do , was to confine himself to the financial view of the subject , and to the giving time to the committee to report what offices should be abolished , and what reformed , before any additional grants in reversion were made . Another inducement which he had to proceed in this shape was , that it appeared to have been the opinion of persons in the other house , that such an alteration would have been advisable . He was at all times averse from agitating any question which might create differences of opinion between the two branches of the legislature ; he would be willing even to sacrifice something , on such an occasion , to prejudice , where it was not connected with any general question . Harmony was peculiarly desirable at the present moment ; and he hoped , that limiting the duration of the bill to such a period as would enable the committee to make their report , would have the effect of removing every objection which had been urged to it in another place . As to the question of prerogative , he begged to express every respect and regard for the feelings of the executive government ; but , at the same time , he could not carry his deference for it so far , as to believe that any office in a free constitution could be established , but on account of the public service ; and if , from accident , or change of circumstances , offices of duty became offices of sinecure , so that the establishment of other offices of duty became necessary , he could not agree that these useless sinecure offices ought , on that account , to be retained . It was but fair that the public should be assured that the