adopt towards the commerce of neutral nations with his enemies , the same measures which those nations have permitted to be enforced against the commerce of his subjects.—Now , my lords , I appeal to the common sense of any man acquainted with the English language , whether it is possible for words to express more positively and unequivocally retaliation , in our sense of it . So far from considering the Decree as executed or acquiesced under , the noble Commissioners say they did not believe it would ever be executed , but that if it was , they were confident it would not be acquiesced in by America : but if , contrary to expectation , She should permit it to be enforced against their commerce with G. Britain , then his majesty might , probably , be obliged to do that which we are all agreed would , in that case , have been just and legal.—My lords , though my two noble friends held the official pen in the composition of this friendly notice to America , yet your lordships can not suppose it could have accompanied the treaty without the full approbation of his majesty 's late ministers , and especially of my noble friend at the table , whose particular department was so immediately connected with it : and yet my noble friend is supposed , within a short week afterwards , to have forgotten every part of this paper , and to have acted on a principle directly repugnant to it , by issuing the Order of the 7th of Jan. 1807 . But why do I say my noble friend , since the issuing of that Order was also the act of the cabinet , who had only a week before approved of the Note of the 31st of Dec. ? —My lords , the Order of the 7th of Jan. is so far from being repugnant to the Note of the 31st of Dec. that its preface , as it regards the 946 principle of blockade , is the same in totidem verbis : for , after reprobating the illegal blockade by France , and asserting a right of retaliation on France by an actual blockade , carefully expressing the most technically legal definition of it ; a blockade which , it is admitted , on all hands , neutrals were bound to submit to : it states the unwillingness in his majesty to resort to that interruption of accustomed neutral commerce , and then goes on to prohibit only the coasting trade in the manner so repeatedly stated and commented on.—Now , my lords , here was no new principle of blockade professed , but the new principle asserted by France was , on the contrary , reprobated ; and , if the enacting part went beyond the just principle of the law of nations meant to be adhered to , that could only be a wrong act , , as being inconsistent with our own avowed principles , and to be adjusted between us and America , when complained of , but by no means the assertion of a principle totally new . It was in application to this part of the subject , my lords , that I introduced Sir W. Scott 's definition of 'accustomed ' trade . It is , perhaps , true , that an American ship might have gone , in time of peace , from a port in Holland to a port of France and Spain and Italy , or , vice versa , from the others to Holland : but was America in the use and habit of such a beneficial commerce ? On the contrary , is it not notorious that the coasting intercourses between those countries were generally carried on by their own shipping , and America , therefore , in time of peace , was not in the use and habit of such a commerce . This , however , I only mention by the bye , because if the Order was wrong in that respect , it was only in practice going beyond the old principle , which