to be laid before the house , and what would he inconvenient or dangerous so to do , and then called on him to say whether there would be any inconvenience in the production of the papers now moved for ? To this he distinctly answered , yes , there would be the highest inconvenience . His right hon . friend had told them that we had but one ally in Europe , and that he was in the greatest danger . He argued that this danger would arise to Sweden , from having entered into a compact with this country relative to taking possession of Norway , and in return asked for the whole correspondence relating to that transaction . His right hon . friend 's belief with respect to that was founded on a few paragraphs in the Moniteur , which he brought down , threw on the table , and then called on ministers for all the correspondence between them and their only ally ; he thought , however , ministers knew too well how to spew their value for their only ally , to comply with so unreasonable a request . He did not know how it was , but it seemed to him the Moniteur had been strangely favourable to the views of the hon . gentlemen opposite ; for they no sooner began to be exhausted in topics of declamation against ministers , and to shew symptoms of being languid and flat , than over popt a Moniteur with some agreeable information to cheer their drooping spirits , and to give them a fresh opportunity of calling for more papers , in doing Which he thought his right hon . friend had , on the present occasion , shewn a voracious curiosity . If he would limit it to any information that could safely be laid before the house , he would be glad to oblige him as far as possible , to give him an opportunity of joining more effectually in the motion , which the hon . and learned gent . soon meant to move on the capitulation of Copenhagen . He assured the house , that in every respect that treaty had been complied with on our part . There had been a conference as to British property seized and detained prior to our taking possession of Zealand , a doubt having arisen whether the capitulation meant to confine it to Zealand only , or to the rest of the Danish territory . It was agreed to be submitted to the officers on both sides , who made the capitulation , and was determined against the English , and implicitly complied with . The same , as to hostilities , by the declaration war , which were not known at the time of the capitulation ; every thing had 749 been abided by , that was stipulated by the capitulation . His right hon . friend was also mistaken , as to the offer of Norway to Sweden by France . It was prince Murat , and not gen. Brune , that made the offer which Sweden communicated to Denmark , but which Denmark concealed from us . His right hon . friend seemed to think , that France might do as she pleased— might give away Norway with impunity , whilst we should be highly criminal in any such intention , let the state of warfare between us and Denmark be what it might.—His last point , however , was , that we should not follow the example of the enemy . In that respect his majesty had hitherto carried on a system of scrupulous forbearance . If his right hon . friend meant that we should not imitate his cruelties , oppressions , and unbounded aggressions , he would coincide with him ; but if he meant that we should not follow him in every measure which might tend to put us on a perfect equality with him in carrying on the war , he must differ with him entirely . His right hon . friend had indulged the exuberant fancy of his classic mind , by giving garbled