far more extensive than her internal means of excluding us , and , consequently , a considerable portion of what this country now exported to America , would find its way into that country notwithstanding a war . We were not , from the mere apprehensions of a war with that country , to shrink from the assertion of those maritime rights which were so essential to our national strength and prosperity . The question now was , whether we were to be conquered by the French or not ? Buonaparte had essayed his military warfare against us ineffectually , and he was now trying the success of a commercial warfare . It was an attack upon the public spirit of the country , and he was convinced the nation would not decline the contest . In order to obtain any peace with France , in order to made her live in peace , we must prove to her that she can make no impression on us . The only prospect of living with that country in civil or political intercourse , was afforded by a perseverance in the war , till by a proud defiance of all her means , we should convince her of her inability to destroy or weaken ours : so might we enjoy relations of amicable intercourse , not of suspended warfare with her ; but that could never be expected , till we should have established the proof that no instrument she could employ , would avail for the reduction of the power or the resources of this empire . The gallery was then cleared for a division , when the numbers appeared— For the second reading 214 Against it 94 Majority —120 While strangers were excluded , another division took place upon the question , That the Bill be committed this day For the question 147 Against it 55 Majority —92 held in his hand a Petition similar to that which he had yesterday withdrawn , in deference to what seemed to be the sense of the house . Yet though he had given way he could not help thinking that there was no sufficient reason for refusing to receive the petition . The doors of parliament ought to be thrown open as wide as possible , for the reception of the petitions of the subject representing his grievances ; and if a petition was to be rejected merely because at the moment of presenting it the petitioners were not in the precise situation in which they described themselves to be , merely because they did not designate themselves properly , that designation being wholly immaterial to the subject of the petition , it would give rather an unfavourable impression as to the disposition which it was proper that parliament should be known to have to attend to all just complaints . The petitioners were , in part , grand jurors of the county of Middlesex on the day on which the petition was signed , the 3d of Nov. last , but on that day they ceased to be so . The present petition was from the foreman of that grand jury , Mr. Stephens , in his individual capacity . He wished to know however , whether he might not this day again offer to the sense of the house the petition which he had withdrawn yesterday . recommended the right hon . gent . to acquiesce in the sense of the house expressed yesterday , as to the propriety of admitting that petition . submitted , but he declared he would never again acquiesce in what he felt to be wrong . He then presented the petition , which was as follows : `` To the knights , citizens , and burgesses of the honourable house of commons , of G. Britain and Ireland , in the united parliament assembled : The Petition of Alexander Stephens , of the honourable society of the Middle Temple , and Park House , in the county of Middlesex , esq . humbly sheweth , That certain persons lately serving the office of grand jurymen for the county of Middlesex , to the number