government had received from that of France , satisfactory explanations and assurances , and that , in fact , the same never had been enforced against the Neutral Commerce of the United States . 4 . That no official denial of the facts so asserted by the American ministers , appears to have been made on the part of his majesty 's secretary of state ; nor any grounds alledged by him in which the American ministers could be questioned . 5 . That under such circumstances the issuing the Orders in Council of the 11th and 25th of Nov. last , which Orders purported to compel the trading vessels of the said United States in all their voyages to and from the Continent of Europe to touch at the ports of this country , and to be there subjected , by the authority of the British government , to many and grievous restrictions , and a manifest violation of the law of Nations , and of the rights and independence of a friendly Power . `` —On the first Resolution being put , rose and said , he perfectly agreed with the noble lord , that although the subject had been already before the house , it was one that merited discussion . He had forborne as yet to deliver his sentiments upon it , from a wish not to make up his mind without giving it the fullest consideration ; and having so done , he should not hesitate to give it as his firm opinion , that the Orders in Council were wise , politic , and calculated to answer the great purpose of defeating the designs of our enemy , and ultimately convincing him of his error in the unjust system he was pur- 782 suing in carrying on the war . It was the government of France which had violated what was considered the law of nations , and it was prudent in that of this country to retaliate those measures that were aimed at our very existence ; if the neutrals suffered any injury , it was France , and France alone , that they ought to look upon as the cause of that injury , and to which alone they ought to look for reparation . In his opinion , it was idle to talk of waiting to see whether the neutrals would have acquiesced in that Decree ; for when the distance was considered , it would plainly appear that our forbearance might have continued 3 , 6 , nay even 9 months , during the whole of which time the enemy would have derived all the advantages they expected therefrom , and England sustained all the injuries that were levelled at her ; for , light as some persons might treat the force of France , he could not but recollect that she had still fleets , frigates , and numerous privateers ; from these , under that Decree , much injury might have been done , in defiance of that superiority which , he was thankful and happy G. Britain could boast . As to what the noble lord had urged relative to the answer which the minister of marine had given to general Armstrong , it amounted to nothing more than that he thought America was not to be included . But could any man suppose that the je pence of a French minister of marine was a sufficient security against a positive decree so plain and direct , that those who ran might read ? No ; the American Resident ought not to have rested satisfied with less than a formal renunciation , nor could our ministers consider less than that renunciation as a proof that the United States were not included . Nay , upon the question being afterwards put to another French officer , his reply was , that he saw no exceptions . For these among other reasons , he thought our executive government had acted wisely and politically in issuing those Orders in Council ; that the Resolutions moved by the noble lord were unnecessary , and he therefore hoped the house would agree