long made up . The right hon . gent . had stated also , as a ground of delay , that the communications respecting the intercourse between his majesty 's ministers , and the courts of Austria , and Russia , were necessary for their discussion ; but the right hon . gent . seemed to understand these communications in a larger sense than the words of the speech would warrant . By what had fallen from the right hon . gent . he seemed to expect voluminous documents respecting treaties with those courts ; but on a reference to the words of the speech , he would find that they referred only to official Notes , which passed between his majesty 's minister and the Russian and Austrian ministers . If the right hon . gent . should think that his majesty 's ministers were justified in not accepting the mediation offered , until they could ascertain whether the power offering it was in a situation to mediate impartially , and the Notes to be produced should prove that fact , he hoped for his approbation of their conduct , in not consenting to treat till they should know upon what basis—a question that had occupied three months 63 in the late negotiation . As to Austria , she had never assigned any cause for her hostility to this country , and this fact would appear from the documents to be produced.—With respect to the motion of which the right hon . gent . had given notice , for papers relative to the expedition to Copenhagen , it was very possible he might move for some information which might safely be produced . But if he should , for the purpose of removing , as he represented it , the foulest stain that ever attached to the annals of any nation , Move for the secret information upon which that expedition was undertaken , as far as his judgment went , he believed he would never have ocular conviction . The right hon . gent . was at a loss to imagine why this secret intelligence was not published . But he would assure that right hon . gent . that as the fact now stood , and as it would be made out in argument , ministers would trust to it for their justification , and never expose the source of their secret intelligence . If this subject was again to be brought into discussion , he begged to state , that he would prove the measure not to have been unprecedented , and though the conduct of his majesty 's ministers might be held up in a few speeches in that house to the execration of the country , they would run than risk and incur that penalty , rather than suffer the secret to be torn from their bosoms . But , was this the moment when such documents were to be called for ? Was it possible , at a time when there was no capital on the continent where the power of Bonaparte could not drag the offender against him to execution ; when there was no British accredited agent in any country of Europe , was it possible , that such a time should be fixed on for divulging the sources of secret intelligence ? Was this country to say to the agents , who served it from fidelity , or from less worthy motives , you shall serve us but once , and your life shall be the forfeit ? He should contend , as his hon . friends had done , that the arrangements at Tilsit , and the measures which ensued , without any document , fully justified the measures of government . He should be glad to know what motives could be ascribed to his majesty 's ministers for acting as they had done , if not from the conviction of the necessity of the case . He could easily conceive a factious motive for imputing to them an intentional delusion of the public , but he was confident he 64 could make out a full justification , though