crimes perpetrated by the chief of a government , whether crimes of state , or of a more private nature , can be no ground for a continuation of war between two countries . The murder of Don Carlos by Philip the second , was never urged as a cause of war against Spain . The execution of the Czarowitz Alexis by Peter the Great , was never considered as a just cause of hostility against Russia . The punishment of the crimes of princes , is in the hand of the Ruler of princes ; and it is not for us , to make them the cause of punishment to their guiltless people and our own . Providence , in its inscrutable wisdom , works by means , and often deigns to produce the greatest good by the most ignoble and vicious instruments . I do not suppose that any person will question the advantage derived to this country from the introduction of the reformation . Yet by the brutal lusts of Henry the VIIIth , was that reformation , introduced among us . The advantage accruing to the cause of true religion , morality , and virtue , is the same , whether he who effected it were the most virtuous or the most vicious of mankind.—Sir , it has been much the practice in this house , to substitute recrimination 850 for defence . Could the present ruler of France obtain a verdict of acquittal from any charge preferred against him , provided he could shew that his accusers had been guilty of a parallel crime , he would have no great difficulty in standing clear with the world . If , for instance , he were charged with violent and unjust aggression by Austria , Prussia and Russia , he might answer in one word—Poland . At all times the answer he could have given to England might have been—India ; and now , unhappily , he might add the decisive name of Denmark . I fear there is nothing arising out of the particular purity of this country , which can justify us in saying , that we will have nothing to do with the government of France . If France be loaded with political crime , so are the nations she has conquered , and so are we . Let us view the trespasses of France , with the same indulgence we think due to those of other countries , or to our own . Or at the least let us not set up an hypocritical reason for refusing to negotiate with her . Again , if we are in the high situation , at times described in colours so glowing , by orators on the other side of the house , let us follow the example of Buonaparte , and seize the propitious moment of national elevation . In the zenith a our strength , let us make one frank and generous overture for pacification.—Sir , it will be objected that such is the inordinate ambition of Buonaparte , there can be no hope that he will be seriously inclined to peace . That his ambition is great , nobody can doubt ; but it is an ambition much under the guidance of prudence : he never fails to take every precaution for his security . He never proceeds without knowing , in case of reverse , how he is to retire ; and his ambition has never yet , as far as I have been able to observe , tempted him to go much beyond the true line of his interest . In talking of inordinate or insatiable ambition , we mean that passion when carried to such an extent as to predominate over prudence and discretion . Such was the ambition of Charles the XII . which was truly insatiable , and disdaining even the slightest controul , hurried him to his ruin : but the ambition of Buonaparte has always been subservient to his policy . Previous to the treaty of Campio Formio , the Austrian capital was in his power : he stopped because it was his interest to