treaty with the United States , Without comment or observation . On the 26th of Oct. the Message from the President of the United States to Congress again stated the satisfactory explanation of the French government respecting the Decree , as affecting American vessels ; but 8 days before that , the 18th , there was a Note from Messrs. Monro and Pinckney to Mr. Secretary Canning , which was before the house , and which purported that they were satisfied with respect to the explanation given of the French Decree . Notwithstanding this , however , the Order in Council of the 11th of November was issued , and upon what grounds ? —it was said as a measure of retaliation : but the justification failed , inasmuch as the French Decree had not been executed . With respect however , in the first instance , to the legality , he apprehended that the Orders in Council were in violation of the law of nations , which clearly prescribed that neutral vessels should not be molested in entering the ports of an enemy , unless those ports were actually blockaded , or unless such vessels were carrying contraband of war . He apprehended , also , that they contained a breach of the statute law in the trade which was allowed to the islands of Guernsey and Jersey , and the Isle of Man . As to the grounds which he had heard alleged as the justification , or as proving the expediency of these Orders , he did not think that any one of them at all supported the measure . To talk of starving France , who was in possession of a continent producing every thing , appeared to him to be a most absurd proposition . How were we to effect it , and was it not 468 to be apprehended that by attempting to starve France we might at length teach her to make those articles which she had previously bought of us ? There could not , in his opinion , be a worse argument used than , that , because France had issued a decree against neutral commerce , therefore we were to do the same by way of retaliation . The French decree against neutrals could not be executed for want of power , and it seemed as if the effect of our Orders in Council would be to carry that decree into execution by destroying the trade of neutrals . Was it expected to derive any revenue from this measure ? he did not think the revenue to be derived from it would be worth 500l . We placed neutrals between confiscation and confiscation ; if they went to an enemy 's port without first paying duty here , they were to be captured by our cruizers , and if they came here and paid duty , then they would he confiscated if they went to the ports of the enemy . How , then , was it to be expected that any revenue could be derived to this country from such a measure , under such circumstances ? There was something absurd in the very titles used with respect to this subject ; thus , in the copy sent to him of the Orders in Council , they were stated to be the Orders for regulating the navigation of the seas , and now he had heard of the Continental Blockade bill . These were high sounding titles , but how would these measures really affect our commerce ? He observed , from the returns on the table , that the exports from the United Kingdom , including Ireland , had , for the last 3 years , amounted to 125 millions . What they might amount to by the same period in 1808 , under the influence of these Orders , was a subject to him of anxious consideration . In what manner did these Orders affect the West Indies ? He thought that the obvious policy would have been to have precluded neutrals from trading in the produce of the enemy 's colonies ; and this upon the