unexpectedly , and therefore , he wished the debate on it postponed till to-morrow , that gentlemen might he better prepared on the subject . had no objection to indulging the hon . gent . with the delay proposed . As to the point itself , however , he had no doubt . The question was simply this ; should col. Sergison stand in a better situation now , than if Mr. Fuller were himself defending the return ? If Mr. F. had not declined , col. S. not having in due time applied for an exchange of lists , could not afterwards have insisted on it . Mr. Ponsonby and sir A. Piggott resisted the position that the petitioner against a sitting member was not , at any time before balloting for the committee , entitled to 1159 an exchange of lists : such exchange was made partly for convenience , and partly for the dispatch of business ; and even if omitted to be applied for in that house , or there refused , the committee had a right to inquire into the legality of votes , and even to order the exchange of lists ; they being by their oaths required to declare the person having a majority of legal votes duly elected , not to exclude all evidence on the subject.—After some farther discussion , the debate was adjourned till to-morrow . Lord H. Petty begged to know when it was the intention of ministers to bring in the Bill for carrying into effect the Orders in Council in Ireland ? declared , that as the bill for Ireland was to be the same in every respect with the bill for carrying into effect the same Orders in Council in this country , he only waited to know finally what the regulations of the bill for this country would be , in order to bring forward the bill for Ireland . observed , that as the bill was to be founded on the resolution of the committee of ways and means , which had passed some time since , there was no occasion for delay in bringing it forward . Whatever alteration might be made in the bill for this country , the resolution upon which the bill for Ireland was to be brought in was clear , and there was no reason whatever for waiting for any changes or regulations which might be made in another measure in another place . replied , that he should undoubtedly bring forward the bill founded on the resolutions of the committee of ways and means , and with such provisions and regulations as should appear to him most likely to be effectual for the collection of the duties to be imposed by the bill . said that gentlemen on his side of the house were anxious to bring in the bill in question as early as possible . If gentlemen on the other side were surprised at the delay which had taken place in doing so , he must be allowed to be equally surprised that they should now regret any delay which took place—delay having hitherto been so much their object . Several gentlemen rose at once , and , amongst ; Others , M r. Tierney , who proceeded to address the house , but was called to by the Speaker , who submitted that 1160 there had been no question for some time before the house . rose , now that this conversation was finished , to move the order of the day for the house going into a committee on the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry in Ireland . wished still to be heard on the former subject . informed the hon . member , there was now a question before the house on which he might be heard . then observed , that he should take the opportunity of calling the attention of the house to the manner in which he had been prevented from replying to a personal observation made upon him . The house having resolved itself into a committee of supply , and his majesty 's Message being