have agreed to concert , as soon as possible , the measures to be taken , and the auxiliary succours to be stipulated for , in the case of a war actually taking place between Sweden and the Powers her neighbours ; and the stipulations which may thence result shall be considered as separate and additional Articles to this Convention , and shall have the same force as if they were word for word inserted therein . In faith of which , we the under . signed Plenipotentiaries of their said majesties , have signed this Separate Article , and have caused the seal of our arms to affixed , thereto . Done at Stockholm , the 8th of Feb. in the year of redemption , 1808 . EDW . THORNTON . F. EHRENHEIM , '' presented a Petition from the Merchants and Manufacturers of London , interested in the trade to America , praying to be heard by evidence and council . The Petition Was read by the clerk ; it stated , `` That the petitioners contemplate , with the greatest anxiety and apprehension , the alarming consequences with which they are threatened from certain Orders in Council , purporting to be issued 'for the protection of the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain , ' but on which they are induced , after mature consideration , to believe that they must be productive of the most ruinous effects ; and that the petitioners are duty sensible of the necessity of making every sacrifice of personal interests to promote the strength and resources of the country in the present extraordinary crisis of public affairs ; and , if the total change introduced into the whole commercial system of this country , and of the world , by the Orders Council , could be conducive to so desirable an object , the petitioners , great as their losses must be , would submit without a murmur ; but , understanding that these orders are principally , if not wholly , recommended by an opinion that they will prove beneficial to the commercial interests of this , country , they feel it to be their duty humbly to represent their conviction that this : opinion is founded in . error , and that , if the prayer of their petition be granted , they shall be able to prove , that they must be productive of the most fatal consequences to the interest not only of the petitioners , but of the commerce and manufactures of the empire at large ; and that the petitioners will abstain from enforcing , by any details , their apprehensions that these measures are likely to interrupt our peace with the United States of America , our intercourse with which , at all times valuable , is infinitely more so since we are excluded from the continent of Europe ; to this only remaining branch of our foreign intercourse we must now look for a demand for our manufactures , for many of the most important materials for their support , and for supplies of provisions and naval stores necessary for our subsistence and defence ; and the petitioners feel assured , that they will be able to prove , to the satisfaction of the house , that the neutrality of America has been the means of circulating , to a large amount , 1057 articles of the produce and manufactures of this country in the dominions of our numerous enemies , to which we have no direct access ; and that the annual value of British manufactures exported to the United States exceeds ten millions sterling ; and that , as our consumption of the produce of that country falls far short of that amount , the only means of paying us must arise from the consumption of the produce of America in other countries , which the operation of the Orders in Council must interrupt , and in most instances totally destroy ; and that the people of America . even if they remain at peace with us , must , by a want of demand for their produce , and .