that can affect the security of Russia . But , if contrary to reason and evidence , we believed Russia capable of acting such , a part , there remained still the important question of her power , even in conjunction with France , effecting the supposed object , the forcing Denmark into a war with this country . He was sincerely convinced that , if Denmark wished it , ( and of her wishing it , from all the evidence , he could not doubt , ) she was perfectly competent , with the aid of Great Britain and Sweden , to defend her islands , on which her national independence and trade depended . To aid her in such a case the military resources of this country were peculiarly applicable , and would have been most honourably and wisely employed ; in such a defence of her rights and independence , we should have commanded the heart of every Dane . By such a line of conduct we should have called out the whole Physical strength of those northern nations against France , we might fortunately have added to the enthusiasm of the Swedish king , the enthusiasm of his people ; and perhaps broken that ancient link which 1227 connects the affections of that nation with the French.—Amongst these brave and hardy nations alone , in conjunction with the true policy of Russia , which we were bound to encourage and cherish , could we look for any solid barrier to French encroachment and usurpation . But all that , together with our national character , we had sacrificed for 16 ships of the line.—Although ministers had totally failed to prove the necessity which alone could palliate their conduct , yet the amount of that necessity had been stated by our minister to Russia ( a statement formally recognized and authenticated by our minister for foreign affairs ) in such a manner , that he could not avoid calling the attention of the house to the very words.—Our minister , in the name of his sovereign , makes these solemn declarations , That the Danish fleet was `` essential for the accomplishment of the views of France : '' That its seizure was `` indispensable for the security of his empire ; '' and that it warded off a `` danger which threatened , not only the welfare of his people , but the existence of his crown . '' If that were true , which God forbid ! in what state had ministers how involved us ? to balance the 16 sail of the line , France had acquired the zealous aid of Russia as a principal in the war , the probable subjugation of Sweden , and the direction of her physical strength and maritime means against this country , the great resources for all naval purposes , which the coast of the Baltic peculiarly possessed , the enthusiastic animosity of the whole Danish nation against us , the probable shutting of the Sound against us , the loss of our influence and character in the north of Europe , where our friendship to Sweden would prove more destructive than our hostility to Denmark ; we had placed , at the disposal of France , the population of the north , to which she would well know how to inspire activity and energy , and which she would wield against our empire . It could be no pleasant investigation to calculate how far the `` security of his majesty 's crown and empire , '' was established by the policy Which led to that state of things . He was sorry , on the first important occasion on which he addressed the house , .that he must condemn the conduct of his country . But he felt it his duty to state that , as in the first instance , he Was shocked at what appeared a treacherous and cruel outrage , so ministers had totally failed in the papers they produced , or the arguments they em- 1228 ployed , in any degree to palliate its enormity . supposed it was to enable himself