baronet on the moderation which he had . displayed ; but objected to the clause , because he had laid no ground for it . He urged the bad consequences of changes in the military system without the strongest reasons for it ; and the necessity that the army should be dependent on the crown . It was so necessary , that even if it were not the case at present , he should have proposed it now for the first time . He would wish , if it were possible , that the military should have the advantage of the common law ; but it was inconsistent with the constitution and discipline of the army . The history of the world proved the necessity of strict discipline in an army , and for this it must look to a head . The instances in , which the power alluded to had been exercised were of late extremely rare ; but the best effects resulted from the existence of the power . Every part of the prerogative pushed to extremes would produce abuses —such as in the making of peace or war . But this was no reason for diminishing that prerogative . An army independent of the sovereign was contrary to common sense . Such an encroachment on the prerogative would subvert the constitution . He allowed that in former times officers had been deprived of their regiments for voting against ministers . But there were no instances of this abuse in modern times . He therefore gave his decided negative to the proposition . adverted to the extraordinary mannner in which the hon . secretary had answered the arguments of the honourable baronet on his side . He had complimented him first , for not stating past abuses , and then objected to the clause , because no grounds had been laid for it . The honourable secretary very 1083 well knew that there were instances of the most cruel oppression that might be stated . But the honourable baronet below only looked to the future , and had laid irresistible grounds for his proposition . He had stated his object to be to protect the officers and the crown itself from doing what was known to have been done , and from the secret whispers of slander and Malice . His lordship , however , expressed his hope , that the hon . baronet would withdraw his clause , and bring the subject forward in a separate bill , for so grave and important a matter required the most serious deliberation and the fullest discussion . The hon . baronet he allowed could not , however , be liable to the charge of precipitation from the other side . The noble lord opposite had brought forward his clause in a manner equally sudden ; and as the hon . secretary had expressed so strongly his aversion to changes , he , no doubt , would give his vote against the change proposed by the noble lord near him . He earnestly requested the hon . baronet to withdraw his clause for the present , as he should regret extremely to be obliged to give it his negative . said , there was no time , no country , no army , in which the power here complained of did not exist . To abridge the power of the crown in this point would not add to the liberties of the people , but to the independence of that army which was so much the object of constitutional jealousy . thought that all innovations on the constitution of the army ought to be attempted with the most cautious deliberation , and never without strong facts to warrant and call for them . The hon . baronet had adduced no such facts , and he himself knew of none . He should therefore give the clause his decided negative , if the hon . baronet should bring it up . The constitution of the army was as much an object of nice attention as the constitution of the state . The trial by jury was preferable to the trial