empowered to continue negotiations , and conclude a treaty of commerce with G. Britain . [ p . 197 . ] So far it appears that the Russian minister conducted himself with perfect moderation ; and , without doubt , if the secret articles of the treaty of Tilsit had been in his opinion prejudicial to England , gen. Budberg would 819 not have undertaken to interest himself with the emperor , for their being revealed . Sir , I do not blame lord Granville Levison for not accepting the mediation unconditionally ; but the course which he steered does not appear to me to have been the right one ; it was not calculated to turn to the best advantage , either the disposition of the court of Russia , or the opportunities which might have been created if they did not present themselves , of opening a direct communication with France.—A second dispatch front lord Granville Levison , [ p. 197 ] dated on the same day , gives an account of another conference with gen. Budberg , in which he conducted himself in a most amicable manner ; and in the apology which gen. Budberg is there represented as having offered for the expressions of dissatisfaction contained in the note which he wrote from Tilsit , he accounted for them on those obvious principles which I have before detailed to the house.—A third dispatch , dated also on the same day , transmits to this court a note [ p. 198 ] delivered to the English ambassador on the subject of the fatal preparations against Copenhagen , and destroys the momentary illusion which had been created in the mind of lord Granville Levison , on what has been termed the reviving confidence in the court of Russia.—The fourth paper of this series communicated by the king 's command to the house , is a dispatch signed by Mr. Canning , and dated on the 27th Sept. 1807 , [ p . 200 . ] The next is a dispatch from the same gentleman , and addressed likewise to my lord Granville Levison , dated on the following day . The tone of these two dispatches is perfectly dissimilar . The one is written with all cordiality , and in all confidence towards Russia ; the other is written , as it would appear , under feelings of the greatest irritation towards that power , and expressing not only doubts of her sincerity , but a belief in her hostility towards this country . One would imagine , upon a review and comparison of the two dispatches , that they could not have been written by the same person , with all the dispatches of lord Granville Levison , dated the 2d of Sept. before him ; and yet it is manifest that they were so , not only because those dispatches were sent off on the same day , but because Mr. Canning in the outset of his first letter acknowledges that they were all received by the same hand and at the same time . Now , sir , I will take the liberty of calling the attention of the house to the contents of both 820 these letters . To begin with the first . Mr. Canning applauds lord Granville Levison for not having accepted the mediation of the emperor of Russia , and he states succinctly and intelligibly the points upon which the question of this acceptance turns . First , the frank communication of the articles of the treaty of Tilsit , secret as well as avowed . Upon that I have already said so much that I will not trouble the house any further . Secondly , a distinct explanation of the basis upon which France proposes to treat , and which appeared to his imperial majesty at Tilsit so just and honourable . [ p . 201 . ] —Sir , it seems to me that a basis , as preliminary to negociation , is calculated rather to throw difficulties in the way of a negociation , than to remove any embarrassment winch might eventually occur in the course of it