he was destined to destruction by the nabob , col. Clive attacked with his trifling force 30 times their number at Plassy , and having effected a compleat de-route thereof , he advanced to Muxadabad the capital , and placed Meer Jaffier on the musnud with the general acquiescence of the natives , who accustomed to be equally oppressed by all their chiefs cared not who was placed there . This observation seems necessary in order to account for the ease with which those rapid changes of chiefs take place in that country . After remaining some time longer in Bengal , and having settled as he thought its government , he returned to Europe . Not long after discontents and distrusts arose between this nabob Meer Jaffier and the council at Calcutta , which produced his removal and placing his relative Cossem Ally Khan in his room . This change was attended with large emoluments to the members of the said council . The same discontents and jealousies arising from pretensions mutually disallowed inflamed this nabob , who was more ferocious than his predecessor to the degree of assassinating some of the company 's servants at Patna . To avenge which the company 's troops advanced , and defeating the nabob 's army drove him out of the country . He took refuge with the nabob vizier of Oude , who pretending to restore him , but really meaning to possess himself of Bengal , collected , under the authority of the degraded mogul , a large force which was defeated and dispersed by the company 's troops at Buxar . After 1008 this defeat the mogul separated his interests from those of the nabob , and put himself under the protection of the company at Benares . Meer Jaffier was again placed on the musnud , not without marks of gratitude to his restorers . Things continued sometime in this situation , and an account of the confusion which prevailed in Bengal , being sent to England , the company induced lord Clive to return there as best qualified , from the well earned authority acquired by his former conduct , to restore order . Before he arrived , the nabob vizier being joined by a Mahratta force in addition to what he could raise in Oude , thought himself able to attain what he had in view , and in opposition to the mandate of the mogul , who continued under British protection , prepared to attack them . On this the mogul declared him deposed from the vizcerat , and by a treaty with the company assigned him certain parts of the province of Oude . The British army advanced , and attacking the nabob 's confederate forces at Calpy , defeated and dispersed them , taking the nabob Soujah Dowlah prisoner , and the whole province was in their power . In this posture of affairs lord Clive arrived , and from the view he took of the financial and military resources of the company at that time , judging it unsafe and impolitic to retain any accession of territory , he prevailed on the mogul to re-establish the nabob , who had been two months prisoner in the British camp , in the province of Oude and the vizcerat , under the protection of the company , who consented to withdraw their troops on the payment of 50 lacks of rupees as reimbursement of the expences of the war , and bouud themselves to defend the province in case of attack with their whole force should it be necessary , the expence of the same to be defrayed by the nabob . From these facts it appears , that the province by right of conquest belonged to the company : that from prudential motives alone lord Clive , with that decision and sagacity which marked his military and political life , declined retaining any part of the province under the junnud of the mogul , and in lieu thereof accepted the dewanny of Bengal , Bahar , and Orissa . As he had laid the foundation of the British power in that country by