Sleeping Beauty , who awoke after a nap of a century , in full possession of her pristine youth and charms.—The noble lord opposite had said , that to be sure we had got 16 ships of the line , but that , by so doing , we had excited the anger and resentment of the Danes . This was a cause of considerable regret ; but he contended , that his majesty 's ministers would have shewn a contemptible pusillanimity , and would have acted most unworthily , if they had been deterred from doing that which they conceived to be their duty , by any apprehension of Danish anger and resentment . If they had refrained from wresting from the approaching grasp of a formidable enemy , an engine which would have given him a very considerable addition of power , they would indeed have deserved the most severe reprehension ; they would have merited all the reprobation that had that night been bestowed upon them , for having pursued an opposite line of conduct . He regretted that the house was not unanimous on the present question ; but he trusted that a very considerable proportion of the noble lords would , by their vote of that night , testify their approbation of the steps that had been taken by his majesty 's government . rebutted all the arguments advanced by the noble earl who preceded him . He contended , that no case whatever had been made out to justify the harsh measures resorted to by ministers , in attacking a defenceless people in a state of avowed neutrality . rose at a late hour , and supported the motion in a speech of considerable animation . The noble viscount began with strongly urging , that it was the paramount duty of ministers , at all times , to furnish parliament with formal 383 and authentic information , as to the grounds and nature of any new contest , in which , by their counsels , whether wise or imprudent , they had involved the country . The war with Denmark was a new war , and upon what pretence could ministers ask for the support of that house while they refused it that information which , upon all occasions of war , had never been denied ? The noble viscount then proceeded to consider the question in reference to the disposition of the Danes towards this country , and contended , in the first place , that there was no one reason to suppose the Danes were hostilely inclined towards us , and in the next , even admitting that they were , that this would not in itself justify the measure of the expedition.—He next adverted to Russia , and commented with much force on the glaring anachronism in imputing the expedition Which sailed in July to intelligence not known here till the 8th of the following month . He dwelt upon the indecency of putting such an assertion into the sacred mouth of his majesty . As to the designs of the French in the Baltic , he thought the best guarantee this country could have had in that respect , was the power most interested in such interference ; and it was his firm persuasion , that Russia would never have suffered France to have established any serious influence in that sea . The noble viscount then proceeded to argue the question on the ground of danger to this country . He considered this danger , first with respect to its certainty—that certainty had not been at all made out . He considered it next in reference to its magnitude , and denied that any proof had been adduced to convince any impartial man that it was greater in point of magnitude than certainty . He lastly considered it with respect to its urgency , in which he thought it failed as much as in either of the two former considerations . The noble viscount concluded an impressive speech , with a solemn appeal to their lordships to pause before they decided upon a question involving so deeply the national character ;