spectator of evils which will , in the end , and perhaps that end is not very remote , render abortive , even your excellency 's earnest desire that the subsidy shall be punctually paid . ' ( No . 2. p. 11 ) .—In a letter from lord Cornwallis to the vizier , dated 12th Aug. 1793 , his lordship says , 'It is well known , not only throughout Hindostan , but to all Europe , that notwithstanding the prevalence of peace during so many years , the revenues of your excellency 's dominions are diminished beyond all conjecture . ' ( No . 2. p. 16 ) .—Lord Teignmouth in his Evidence , being asked , 'Can your lordship give the committee an account of the state of the administration of the nabob of Oude ? ' His lordship 's answer is , ' I would rather speak generally , as to what I know of it . All the Papers printed by the house sufficiently shew what the state of that country was : that its administration was exceedingly bad in all its departments ; the whole administration was as bad as it well could be in all its departments , and it was the perpetual object of government to prevail on the nabob to make a change in his administration . Lord Cornwallis had attempted it , and it was equally urged by the government abroad and the company at home . ' And his lordship added , ' I think in Oude there was no justice at all . ' ( p. 22 ) .—Mr . Cowper in his Evidence , says , 'It is impossible to conceive a state of greater anarchy or misrule than prevailed in the dominions of Oude : as far back as can recollect , 1029 there has been neither law , nor justice , nor subordination ! ' Mr. Cowper being asked , 'As far as you had the knowledge , did the resources of the country decline during your knowledge of them ? ' His answer is , 'They continued to decline from the first acquaintance I had with the dominions of Oude , till the last hour of my staying in India . ' [ Mr. Cowper had been in India from May 1769 till Feb. 1801 ] . Being asked , 'Were they in a progressive state of decline during the whole of this time ? ' His answer is , Yes . ' To what cause do you suppose that decline of the revenues is to be attributed ? ' 'To the 'total want of all government in that country . ' ( p. 46 ) .—We have also , to confirm this , the evidence of major Ousely , the aid-de-camp of the vizier . He says , 'As to the state of the Duab , I can speak with accuracy , but I can not to the whole kingdom of Oude : that part called the Duab I found in a state of great anarchy , a total want of law , or justice , and everything else : nothing but violation of property of all binds , and banditti ranging over the whole of it , a total direlection from every thing like justice . ' Major Ousely being asked , 'Have you any knowledge of the state of the Revenues in Oude , under the government of the nabob ? His answer is , understood that they were in a state of annual decrease or decay . ' ( p. 64 ) .—This is the account of the civil administration in Oude . The military , if possible , was worse . By a reference to the Papers before us , we find that the reform of the Military Establishment of the vizier had been one of the principal objects of the British government , from our earliest connection with Oude . Lord Cornwallis , lord Teignmouth , and every succeeding governor general had directed his attention to this object , and we are informed by Mr. Cowper in his evidence , 'That the uniform opinion of the court of