it were so , it was now full time they should be awakened from their delusion , and shewn that they had gained absolutely nothing by the shameful compromise of national honour . He really wished to know on what ground ministers were to be met ; they shifted so there was no following them . They had fled from what they stated in the king 's speech and declaration , and told us now , do not talk to us of the treaty of Tilsit ; we knew the hostile mind of Denmark long before that . ' He would shew that Denmark wished to preserve the strictest neutrality , and recommended to the house , if they wished to investigate the matter fully , to let Mr. Garlicke be called to the bar of the house , and say what he knew of the disposition of the Danish court . He surely was in no danger of being seized by Buonaparte . Let the whole of lord Hutchinson 's letters be laid before the house . Let lord Granville Leveson Gower state what he knew of the disposition of Russia . It would be easy to prove that the words put into the sacred mouth of his majesty , were : not only morally , but physically impossible ; for he was made to say , that the treaty of Tilsit was the cause , and that there was none anterior . [ No ! No ! from ministers . ] He would not argue with the learned chancellor of the exchequer on words . Did he mean to apply to this case his technical , terms and special pleading ? Did he mean to address the house as a lawyer , or as a statesman , in which character he now appeared ? Could he shew that his participation in this business became the Christian 304 defender of the Church : He doubted it much.—The hon . gent . then contended , that there could be no occasion for concealment , as France made every thing public , and that the expedition was not conceived prior to the battle of Fried land , from the circumstance of its having been acknowledged that part of that expedition was previously fitted out for another destination . He observed , that the armistice between France and Russia was only ratified on the 24th of June , and the two emperors met for the first time on the Niemen , on the 25th . On the 7th of July the treaty was signed . How was it possible , then , that the king 's pleasure , as it is technically called , could have been taken on the expedition to Copenhagen on the 19th of July ? Certainly , this could not have been done in consequence of any knowledge ministers could have had of the conferences at Tilsit . A noble lord , indeed , was represented to nave stated in another place , that information had been received through Portugal and Ireland , of the designs of the enemy , and this information , too , was received in time to take the king 's pleasure on the 19th of July ! Surely , when the noble lord said this , he entertained a sovereign contempt of time , space , and geography of every kind . A heavy charge had been made by Russia against this country , for not affording her any co-operation during the campaign in Poland . Now , was there any foundation for the reproaches of baron Budburg ? Every body knew that . a force of 10 or 20,000 men , exposed as they must be to certain destruction , could never have averted the fatal battle of Friedland . But , if ministers were in possession of the secret articles in the Treaty of Tilsit , why did they not produce them ? It had been said , that a hostile mind existed in Russia against this country . The lion . gent . asked ministers whether it was known to them that Russia was hostile to this country previous to