observed that this circumstance suggested to his mind very serious reflections on the nature of the influence under which that right hon . gent . and his coadjutors acted—an influence as destructive to their own dignity , as it was to the interests of the people . They were ministers , and no ministers ; they were subject to be thwarted by a secret but irresponsible power . They had the title without having the privileges of office . He professed a respect for the abilities of some of the 1264 ministers , and was surprised how those to whom he alluded ( looking at Mr. Canning ) could possibly so far demean themselves as to submit so completed to this influence ; for it appeared from the paper in his hand [ the extract from the Lords ' Journals ] , that the ministers were not the confidential advisers of the crown . Among the many strong objections to the present ministers as a body , there was this serious one , that they had contributed in almost an unprecedented degree , to the increase of the power of the secret faction ; and they now reaped the fruits of their conduct in the degradation of office . He was no friend to the present administration ; but such as it was , while it did last , he wished it to be invested with the power which belonged to it , and that it should not be degraded by a subjection to court influence . He cordially supported the motion ; if he had any objection to the proposition of his hon . friend , it was , that he did not submit the bill in a shape as nearly resembling the former one as was compatible with the . rules of parliament . explanation repeated , that in his opinion—an opinion which he had before expressed in the house , the measure was , not of considerable importance . The amendments which he had described he should propose to the house for the express purpose of endeavouring to carry into effect more securely the objects in view . professed to entertain the highest respect for the Committee of Finance , but he could not help thinking , that the rights of the crown ought to be held equally sacred with the rights of the people , and that by sanctioning a bill of the nature of that now moved for , these rights would be essentially invaded , for the circumstance of its operation . being restricted to limited time , did not at all change the obnoxious nature of its principle . Whether it was to be of perpetual or only temporary duration , it was equally an infringement of the legitimate rights of the crown . The hon . gent . who had supported the measure , talked as if he had been arraigning the other house of parliament in rejecting the former bill for sanctioning some enormous abuse , or for usurping some prerogative which did not belong to it ; whereas no abuse had ever been proved to exist , and the house of lords had merely exercised a right which was vested in it by the constitution . He gave it as his opinion , that the bill , either in its for- 1265 mer shape , or that in which it was now proposed to frame it , Would not tend to relieve the burthens of the people in the slightest degree . No person had a right to call in question the motives by which any member in that house was influenced in his parliamentary conduct ; but he declared , upon his honour , that he acted most conscientiously in opposing a measure , the tendency of which was to take from the power of the crown , when it was not shewn that in any one instance that power had been abused . made an apology for troubling the house , after the most admirable speech which had been made by his hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) , but after what had fallen from the hon