to any such proceeding hereafter ; and that in our time at least , no minister will dare to do what was done on the third of Feb. last . That being my conviction , I have no desire to take the sense of the house at this late hour , and after this very fatiguing week , upon the question . It is sufficient for me that it remains on record that I have interfered to check this most injurious and unconstitutional practice . The house then divided upon the motion for the previous question , Ayes , 168 ; Noes , 67 ; Majority , 101.—While the Minority were in the lobby , Mr. Ponsonby addressed them . He observed , that the order or the day , relative to the Orders in Council Bill , was yet to be disposed of . He supposed that ministers would not attempt to bring forward such a question at so late an hour . But if they would go into it , he hoped gentlemen would remain , and convince the chancellor of the exchequer that they could stay up as well as he or his colleagues . [ A cry of hear ! hear ! ] wished to call the attention of their lordships to a subject which he considered of great importance . He alluded to the case of those Danish ships which had been detained in or brought into the ports of this country , previous to the commencement of hostilities with Denmark . He had heard , that in consequence of a rumour of the destination of the armament subsequently sent against Denmark , a representation had been made to government on behalf of the Danish vessels then in our ports , for the purpose of ascertaining , whether they were safe in completing their cargoes . The nature of this representation , or the answer to it , he did not know , but afterwards , in consequence of its being intimated by the Chamber of Commerce at Copenhagen , that there was no expectation of hostilities with this country , those vessels proceeded to complete their cargoes , Previous , however , to the sailing of the expedition , an order was issued , under which all these vessels were detained , and others brought in , the whole of which he had heard , were since condemned , and had become Droits of Admiralty . The produce of these vessels and cargoes , he had also heard , amounted to nearly two million . If these statements were true , he could not help thinking the circumstances unexampled in the annals of the country . Unless he had further information , he must even believe , that our expedition to Copenhagen caused the war with Denmark , and therefore that the vessels previously detained , ought to have been considered in a different , situation from vessels detained in consequence of the previous hostile conduct of the power to which they belonged . He wished to ask the noble secretary of state whether it was true , that the vessels he had alluded to had been condemned in the manner stated , and also , whether the crews were detained as prisoners of war ? stated , that the same course had been adopted with respect to the Danish vessels which were detained on receiving information of the hostile intentions of Denmark , as had been adopted with respect to the vessels of other Bowers detained under similar circumstances . He thought it necessary also to state , that no assurance of protection was 921 given either directly or indirectly by government to the Danish vessels in our ports , at the period mentioned by the noble viscount . observed , that some of these vessels had been previously brought into our ports , having been detained as neutrals under different pretences ; and that , in several instances , there were decrees of the court of admiralty in their favour ; but , by the Order alluded to by the noble viscount and the subsequent proceedings , all these were also condemned