for so long a period , that even prior to the Decree of the 21st of Nov. it might have been matter of delicate inquiry , whether this country ought not to have resorted to the measure of 1756 . But surely the noble lord must see , that after the issuing of the Decree of the 21st of Nov. a much stronger measure was necessary . Otherwise French property conveyed in neutral bottoms , would have been safe ; British property in danger.—It had been declared , that the French Decree was a dead letter , and that it was easily evaded . He was well aware , that the certificates of origin gave opportunities , by the assistance of forgery and perjury , for the introduction of our goods on the continent . Such practices , however , were not to be encouraged ; and so far from its being a dead letter , France was , from time to time , supplied by new provisions for the deficiencies of the Decree . The different coasts had been lined with troops , and other means of improvement from time to time recurred to.—Among the arguments which had been urged against the Orders in Council , it had been contended , that they were the cause of the distress which our manufacturers experienced . It had been said , that France had shut the door against our commerce , and that we had bolted it . But every one who was at all acquainted with the subject , must know that the pressure which our manufactures sustained , was antecedent to the promulgation of the Orders , and that it originated in the French Decree . If we entertained a hope , that the great inconvenience sustained by the continent for want of British manufactures , might produce a resistance to those measures of the French government , by which they were excluded , our policy evidently was by increasing that inconvenience , to endeavour to force a market . It was impossible to say to what extent the arbitrary power of France might compel the countries under her dominion to 329 consent to their own ruin . If France could exclude our goods from the continent , they wound have been excluded had our Orders never appeared . If they were excluded , we must look to the rest of the world , for the trade with which by those very Orders , we had secured a monopoly . By that trade we must endeavour to compensate ourselves for the loss of continental commerce.—With regard to the effect which these Orders might have on our relations with America , that was a most important subject . Some persons apprehended , that they might induce America to go to war with us . He trusted not ; he believed not : no one would regret such an event more than himself . He was far from entertaining the mistaken idea , that we might redeem our own losses by the sufferings of America . Loss to America was loss to G. Britain . He wished to prevent war with America , for although the mischiefs which America would suffer by war , must first be felt by her , they would eventually be felt by us . The prosperity of America was the prosperity of Great Britain , and he was as anxious to preserve peace with America , consistently with the rights and interests of this country , as any man . As he hoped that peace might be preserved , so he believed that it would be preserved ; for , if any enlightened view existed in America of the principle of the measures which we had adopted , it was impossible that they could be the cause of war . It was impossible that the Americans could look at the Orders in Council without perceiving in them many instances of caution not to injure America . There were various exceptions in diminution of the effect of those Orders , which showed that we were desirous of doing as little injury to America as possible . If