the house might perhaps be against him on this occasion , but he trusted that he should be supported by a minority of no little weight and importance . The communication in question , though originally private , had been made public from the manner in which it had been used , and 1360 he should therefore persist in that part of his original motion . deprecated severely this perpetual recurrence to subjects undertaken for the purposes of party spirit and personal enmity . here called the hon . bart . to order ; disclaiming at the same time the unworthy motive which were so ungenerously imputed to him . having intimated to the hon . baronet the impropriety of such language , felt extremely sorry that any thing which fell from him should have given the hon . gent . offence , for whom he felt the sincerest and most cordial esteem : when he said personal enmity , he meant only political enmity ; and was unfortunate in his mode of expressing himself . He supported the amendment on the ground of the confidential nature of diplomacy . He would ask , if the state of Europe was again restored , what credit ambassadors would gain at foreign courts , who made it their practice to divulge secret communication . He thought the hon . gent was condemned by his own argument , for if the papers laid before parliament by lord Mulgrave excited throughout Europe such lively indignation , why endeavour , by the same cause , to excite the same sensation now ? thought it most important that the motion should be agreed to . He was one of those on whom the speech of the noble lord , and the expression alluded to , 'il faut menager l'Angleterre pour le moment , ' had made a strong impression , and if he had thought the authority on which they rested incontrovertible , he should not have voted as he had done upon the question of the Danish expedition . He once thought , that ministers were ready to prove their allegations in the declaration , in answer to Russia ; but the right hon . secretary , whose speeches were more remarkable for their brilliancy than their solidity , had waved these , and resorted to other matters of a more indeterminate sort ; however , the subject was brought back again to its former state , by the information communicated by the noble lord . It was therefore of the greatest moment to have it clearly known , upon what authority it rested ; what was its precise import , and what credit ought to he attached to it . observed , that the subject of discussion lay within a very narrow compass , being limited to the point , whe- 1361 ther the letter ought to be produced ? If the letter had been kept altogether private , then there could be no call for its production , for there could have been no knowledge of its existence . But the case was not , whether a letter , said to be private , should be permitted to remain so ; but whether one publicly brought forward , and made use of to influence the vote of the house , by one of the parties , should be produced in a tangible and authenticated state . A letter , though private , might relate to public affairs , and a minister might , to a certain degree , act upon it without thinking proper to produce it , but resting upon his general responsibility . But , when a letter of this kind was quoted by the writer , with a view to make an impression on parliament , the question was , whether that did not become evidence which before was not so ; and whether it ought not therefore to be produced , subject , of course , to that sort of discretion which ministers must exercise , even with respect to public dispatches . As this was , in some measure , a new case , attention must be given