particularly by the navy , were of that character ? There were frequent instances of large fleets undergoing great privations for weeks , nay for months , and yet he never heard that such services obtained the thanks of parliament . As to any difficulty in the enterprize , the house had the authority of ministers that there was none . Had they not said , in one of their declarations , or proclamations , that they sent such a force into the Baltic as rendered any resistance impossible ? It was most painful for him , rising as he did for the first time in that house , to oppose the motion . He did it , however , on public grounds . He would again repeat , that he had no fault to find with the conduct of the expedition ; but he did not think that it was of that importance , or that it was attended with that danger or difficulty , which entitled those who were employed in it to the thanks of that house . The Resolution was then put and carried . After which , a discussion took place on that part of the Resolution , which thanked adm. Gambier for fitting out the Danish navy . It was opposed by the duke of Norfolk , earls Grey and Lauderdale , and lord Holland ; and supported by lords Mulgrave and Hawkesbury ; and carried in the affirmative . Resolutions to the subordinate officers , and to the troops and sailors employed , similar to those passed this day in the house of commons , were also agreed to . moved the order of the day , for going 163 into a committee on the Act of last session regulating the Trade between this country and the United States of America . regarded this motion with pleasure , so far as it went to prove a disposition to conciliate and maintain good will and amity with the American States ; and it gave him still farther satisfaction , inasmuch as it seemed to indicate a hope on the part of his majesty 's ministers , that the existing differences would be reconciled and done away . He was however , surprised , under the circumstances now existing in America , to find the provisions of the act of 1797 , made to carry into effect the Treaty of commerce and amity with the United States , now proposed for renewal , without any reserve or modification . If the right hon . gent . would look to the preamble of the act , he would find that it was framed on the principle of a reciprocal freedom of commerce between the two countries . But now , when the non-importation act was renewed by the American legislature in all its strictness , and when an embargo was laid in the American ports , was it a time for Great Britain to renew without reserve , all the indulgences of the periods of most amicable relation . The act now in existence had five weeks of its period still to run ; was it not proper to pause , at least for a part of that time , in order to ascertain whether the arrival of our envoy extraordinary in America , and the arrival of the intelligence , that must have nearly at the same time been received , of the unjust proceedings of France , might not , on more mature consideration , have taught the American government to adopt a more wise and moderate system of conduct ? If the embargo should be taken off , and the Non-importation act repealed , his objections would no longer exist . But if the American government should be so unreasonable as to overlook the outrages of France , and to require from us concessions beyond all reason , a very different course would become us . Another reason why he was averse to the renewal of the act , was the refusal of the American government to ratify the treaty concluded last year . Many of the provisions of the act were incorporated