No . 6 , p . 3 . ) And in a Letter to the vizier dated 15th April 1787 his lordship says , 'as I consider the Company 's territories and those of your excellency the same , the protection of your excellency 's dominions is absolutely necessary . ' ( No . 6. p . 3 . ) That this was the view the court of directors took of the subject , 14 years before the arrangement made by marquis Wellesley , may be seen by a reference to the Instructions that were sent to Bengal in a letter to the governor general , dated 31st July 1787 : they say , 'one thing is clear ; the defence of Oude must be provided for : if , therefore , the Cawnpore brigade be not equal to , such defence , either the vizier 's own troops must be reformed , so as to make them serviceable , or another detachment of company 's troops must be stationed in the country : the additional expence of which he may be enabled to pay , by reducing his own useless troops . And this we recommend to your most serious consideration ; always bearing in your mind , that from the nature of our connection with the nabob of Oude we consider the prosperity of that country as inseparable from the prosperity of our own provinces . '—Here , then , we have 1026 the official Instructions of the court of d rectors to the government of Bengal , authorizing them to do two of the acts , for the successful accomplishment of which the noble lord is charged with the violation of a treaty . They direct the British force in Oude to be augmented , and they direct the expence of such augmentation to be charged to the vizier . And , further , they recommend the reform of his military establishment . But I beg to call the attention of the house to another document , which is of importance , not only because it bears the authority of lord Cornwallis 's name , but because it was written in India , about the time when the Instructions from the court of directors , I have just now recited , were preparing in England.—I allude to a letter from lord Cornwallis to the Secret Committee , written on the 4th of March 1787 , in which his lordship explains the principles upon which the arrangement he had formed with the vizier was founded : his lordship says , 'They are , that , on our part , we shall totally abstain from interference in the management of the revenue , commerce , and internal government of Oude , but with the entire conduct of all political business , shall undertake its defence against all external enemies whatever . And on the other hand , that every civil and military expence necessarily incurred by the company in the country of Oude , shall be defrayed by the vizier . ' ( No . 2. p. 4 ) .—The court of directors weighing these opinions of lord Cornwallis , gave their sanction and approbation to the principles upon which his lordship acted with respect to Oude ; as will be seen by the following Extract of a Letter to the governor general dated 8th April 1789 . 'Having attentively perused all the minutes , proceedings , and letters alluded to in these paragraphs , and in your subsequent advices , on the subject of the late agreement concluded by lord Cornwallis with the vizier , we approve of the principles upon which it is founded . ' ( No . 2. p. 4 ) .—may not be unimportant to observe , that this was the sanction of the highest authority of the state ; for the Instructions must have been approved by the Board of Controul , and it must be recollected that the president of that board was a cabinet minister . The opinion of lord Cornwallis , and the Instructions of the Court of Directors , approved as they were by the Board of Controul ,