skilfully , but he plays well to the blunders and faults of his antagonists . In one fatal transaction we have furnished him With an answer to all our manifestoes , declarations , and invocations of the Supreme Being to aid our cause.—If we speak of the capture of our ministers , the violation of neutral territory at Anspach , of the murder of the last hope of the Condé family ; —his reply will be , 'but you besieged Copenhagen . ' If we call for vengeance on his head , and reproach him for the blood that he spilt in Switzerland , for the subversion-in of their peaceful governments , and the destruction of the freedom , the independence and the lives of its virtuous inhabitants , he again can answer , 'look at home , you justified me at Copenhagen . '—If we call for indignation to descend on his head , because of his revolutionary frauds and violences in Italy and Egypt , he will again reply , 'and you , you besieged and fired Copenhagen , and stole its navy . ' Alas , sir , what with the conduct of France and England , the ancient tranquillity of Europe is disturbed , never to be restored , and all nations must hereafter , whatever be the distressing expense , whatever be the horrible inconveniences , stand as it were in arms , and perhaps in Europe , as in the turbulent and disorderly governments of Asia , the husbandman must sow and reap with arms in his hands . Now , sir , though this answer is not effectual for his Vindication ; it is effectual to silence , disgrace , and humiliate us . He will do more : he will feel relieved from those embarrassments , which some regard to the opinion of Europe threw in his way , when he permitted Austria to retain possessions which he wants , Prussia to keep , an Italy to be divided into something like kingdoms . Why not add Spain and Portugal to his kingdom ? The greatest mischief that the vain and unprincipled Louis xiv.th brought upon Europe was the necessity , of preserving peace by the cumberous and . burthensome aid of immense standing armies . This necessity is now most grievously increased by France and by us , and no place accessible by land-deems itself secure from her : so in future can none accessible , by sea , repose as heretofore in unarmed security . But , sir , its effect in discouraging this nation , is perhaps , more prejudicial than its encou- 1208 ragement of France , Pins and Denmark , in their hostile attempts . Many eloquent exhortations have been published in every form , inciting the people to bear all burthens and brave all dangers cheerfully , in defence of their wives , their children their sovereign , and their religion . Will the people of this country hereafter forget that the Danes , too , at Copenhagen , had wives and children , their sovereign and their altars , to defend against us , the invaders ? Will no recollection of our violences in Denmark lie heavy on our spirits , when called upon to resist the violence of the enemy , retaliating upon us . Is there no change now in the spirit that animates both the parties in this terrible contest ? Will not the hostile myriads on the opposite shores feel an increase of ardour and confidence , now that they are called upon to revisit on us the aggressions of our own fleets and armies ? Will not this gallant people feel some little abatement of that confidence in their own just cause , and in the protection of Heaven , which in all our papers , our pulpits , our tribunals , and our parliaments , have been held forth as the most rational and steady principles of reliance and security ? Alas , sir ! the scene is now changed , and if any man now hearing me thinks that this is a light matter , or that these