On lord Wellesley 's arrival in India there was the loudest call for this interference . There was no protection either for the person or property of the inhabitants , and they were oppressed by a large , useless , licentious , and he might add , disaffected army . In support of this statement he quoted the authority of sir James Craig ; and if this was true , lord W. had two things to do , to substitute a force for the defence of the country , and to get rid of an army which only served to burthen the country . Of the necessity of this reform in his army the resident of the nabob himself was convinced . But before a negociation for this purpose could be set on foot , a voluntary proposition was made by the nabob to abdicate his government . This proposition lord W. met with eagerness . But was his acquiescence in a proposition which was likely to be productive of the best effects to the people of that country , to be attributed to the overweening ambition of the noble lord ? If this was a crime in the noble lord , the hon . gent . declared that it was one in which he deeply partook . But so far from its being a criminal act , he thought lord W. would have been wanting in his duty , not to have embraced an opportunity of doing so much good , by transferring the inhabitants of an oppressed and distressed province , to subjection to the mild laws of a British government . In these circumstances , British troops were sent into the country ; and this measure was , in the first place , perfectly consonant with the treaty ; and in the next place , it was in the then situation of the province of Oude , absolutely necessary to the defence of the country , which was essential at the time to the protection of the British dominions . It was incumbent on those who contended , that our power was then 1038 abused , to shew either that our territory was not threatened , or that the troops of the nabob were adequate to his defence ; neither of which propositions could be made out if attention was paid to the hostile demonstrations of the Mahratta powers , or to the state of the nabob 's army . And if a British force was necessary , the only question remaining to be settled was , whether the number of troops sent into the province of Oude were more than sufficient for the purpose of its defence ; for if they were not more than what the exigency of affairs required , we were authorised by one of the articles of the treaty to demand that the expences of the army should be defrayed by the nabob ; and if this could not be done by any other means , to take possession of his territory as a security . On these grounds he gave his decided negative to the Resolutions of the noble lord . contended , that the observations made by the hon . gent . who preceded him , did not , in great part , apply to the question then submitted to the consideration of the house . Without following him throughout the extensive circuit he had taken , the paramount question was , whether the character of Great-Britain , for good faith , had been preserved ? It was , whether the marquis Wellesley , in those treaties , which pledged the honour and credit of this country , had not , without any pretext on the part of the nabob of Oude , violated their spirit and letter , and consequently deteriorated our character with the native powers of Hindostan ? The hon . gent . had asked , what benefit could marquis Wellesley acquire in keeping possession of the principality of Oude ? That was not the question ; but the fact was , that he had continued in possession of that principality from 1801 until 1805 . The