urged in favour of any other war , at any other time , or under almost any other circumstances . Every 867 power in Europe that was formerly our ally was now converted into an enemy . From this consideration , together with that of the distressed state of our manufacturers , he thought it his duty to support the motion . The house ought to consider these things in fact of its own free will ; but from circumstances which had lately occurred , it appeared to him that they were called on by the imperious voice of the people to the performance of this duty , in order to avert , if possible , a tremendous evil , and prevent incalculable distress from falling on the working part of the community . wished to know how long ministers meant the war to continue . If it continued two years longer , was there any prospect of negociating for peace on more honourable and secure terms than at the present moment ? He certainly would be sorry to present the subject of peace to that house , were there not one particular circumstance to induce it to be immediately procured , namely , Ireland . did not think it proper to intrude himself upon the house at an earlier period , because he conceived it to be the duty of his majesty 's ministers on this subject , to leave it to other members of the house to express their sentiments before they should themselves take any part in the debate . He expressed his readiness to enter at any time into negociations for a peace , consistent with the honour and the dignity of the country ; but he maintained , that until certain information was received that the French government was prepared to enter into negociations on an equitable basis , it would be imprudent to attempt any . It was obvious , that if any negociation which might be undertaken , should fail , peace would be placed at a still greater distance , and the sufferings of the people , which had been so much exaggerated , instead of being diminished , would be augmented.—He could not help making a few observations on the subject of the Austrian offer of mediation . The first offer of mediation on the part of Austria might have been worthy of attention , if the fortune of Bonaparte had not taken a different turn . Austria fell under the controul of France ; and no security existed in negotiation . The last offer of mediation proved palpably fallacious , and both attempts exploded together . It was the intention of the British government to enter into negociations for peace , but in the official notes which 868 passed through the hands of count Starhemberg , the Austrian minister , an ambiguous style was conspicuous , evidently the effect of design . After the 12th of June , 1807 , Austria was no longer an independant power . She was so completely influenced by the minister of France , that her prince had no choice but to aid the views of France . The hon . member who had alluded to the subject of these offers of mediation , would find no instance where a neutral , under the influence of a superior power , had been accepted as a mediator . We were called upon to accept an unaccredited agent in the person of the Austrian minister . There was no basis established for negotiation which constituted security . In the year 1805 , Austria offered her mediation to France , who said , shew me a basis . She afterwards offered to mediate for Russia , who also required a basis . If these powers considered it necessary to make such demands of Austria , this country was right in demanding strictly the basis of negociation before we accepted the offer of mediation . With respect to Austria , it was well known that this country had preferred her friendship , and offered her every indulgence , while she remained in the interest of G. Britain ; but