were promised to be restored to the king of France . The French government gave every harsh epithet to this transaction ; they called it perfidy , treachery , and piracy ; and at the commencement of the negociation for a peace , required that those ships should be restored to them . The British government , however , would never listen to such * See page 221 . 647 a proposal ; and the French ceased to insist upon it . If , however , a resolution similiar to that which was now proposed had been adopted on that occasion in parliament , the French government would never have receded from its claim , and those ships must have been restored to France . The noble viscount , however , under whose auspices the treaty of Amiens was concluded ( a treaty which , whatever might be now said against it , he always thought and still did think , was proper under the circumstances in which it was made ) — that noble lord himself did not think at that time that there was any thing in justice , morality , or the law of nations , which required that the Toulon fleet should be restored to France . There was another case somewhat similar , which occurred in the beginning of the present war with Spain . When the four Spanish frigates were taken previous to any declaration of war , the French inveighed bitterly against this act of piracy , as they called it , and yet they never thought of making it a condition of peace , that we should restore the ships and . dollars taken upon that occasion ; but if , in either of those cases , a resolution had been passed in the British parliament similar to that which was now proposed , there could be no doubt but they would have demanded it , and insisted upon it . Besides , ill consequences would follow from pledging the country to restore the ships to Denmark , or in other words , to France . He must contend , that the act of seizing them was not an act of the character that had been described , but that it was an act of necessity justified by all the circumstances of the case . Denmark had , for a considerable number of years , shewn a hostile disposition towards G. Britain , and at the same time a sort of predilection for France , or at least an absolute acquiescence in every thing which that power did . This was exemplified , in their making no remonstrance when a Danish general was taken prisoner on their own frontiers ; by their withdrawing their troops from the frontiers of Holstein , in obedience to the desire of France ; by their submission to the Decree of Buonaparte , and in various other ways . If this predilection for France could be doubted by any noble lord , he should refer him to the very able dispatch of a noble earl ( Grey ) in answer to M. Rist , the Danish minister [ p. 402 ] That noble earl , in the strongest and best-selected terms , had complained , `` that the Da- 648 nish minister appeared in all things to excuse or palliate all the injuries received from France , but to exaggerate in the highest degree every complaint which Denmark could have against this country . '' Was this the conduct of a power really and sincerely neutral , or was it to be supposed that a feeble nation , which had such dispositions towards the two countries , would resist the demands of France after the treaty of Tilsit , and that its fleet would be safe under its own protection ? If the danger was then imminent , the necessity of guarding against it was apparent ; and if the measures of precaution which were necessarily taken led to hostilities , England was not to be blamed . It was to those powers , and to those circumstances which produced the necessity , that what had happened