have been added to the navy of Russia , and the subjection of the Swedish fleet would have precipitately followed ; and thus , the whole of the floating strength of these three powers would have been under the controul of our enemy . It would have been 348 no trifling accession ; 40 sail of the line would have been placed in a commanding situation for the attack of the vulnerable parts of Ireland , and for a descent upon the coasts of England or Scotland ; and in opposition to this formidable navy the admiralty could not have assigned any competent force , without weakening our stations in the Mediterranean , in the Atlantic , and in the Indian seas , at a time when it was most necessary to maintain our superiority in all these situations . Such being the character and power of the enemy , and such the condition of Denmark , was it possible that any one of their lordships could assert that the danger was not imminent ? The case of danger , made out , even in the imperfect manner he had stated it , was so great , that it concerned the very existence of the country , as an independent power . Had ministers not acted as they had done , they would have fatally abandoned their highest duties ; and he hoped in God , that if ever similar circumstances should occur , the same wisdom would be found at the helm , to conduct the vessel of the state in security , amid the shoals and rocks that threatened its destruction ? The moment was precious : a few weeks , perhaps , the progress of a single week , would have rendered the attempt unsuccessful , and we should have been exposed to all the dreadful consequences he had detailed . Addressing a British audience , he could scarcely justify arguing the subject ; the peril to which the nation was liable called up every sentiment of affection to our constitution , to our liberties , and our laws , and , in terms mandatory and irresistible , dictated the course which must be pursued . The violence which had been attributed to this measure was unavoidable ; every attempt at negociation was unsuccessfully made ; every offer of remuneration was insultingly rejected . It would have been useless to have extorted promises from a people wholly at the disposal of the enemy ; nothing less than the resignation of the fleet was sufficient , and the means by which it was obtained was justified on every principle of truth , of equity , and of honour . The great maxims of the law of nations were founded on the law of nature ; and the law of security or self-preservation was , among these , the most important and sacred . It was a law equally to be obeyed by individuals and communities . The king , placed at the head of the great society subsisting on these islands , had no duty paramount to 349 the protection of his people , and by the servants of the crown this imperious duty had been , on this momentous occasion , vigilantly and ably discharged . The principle of the great law of nature and nations was clearly applicable to the case before their lordships . Here was an instrument of war within the grasp of . our inveterate enemy : we interposed and seized it ; and this act of energy and wisdom was to have the hard epithets of rapine and impiety ascribed to it ! To shew that injury had been done to an innocent party in a transaction , was not to prove its iniquity . All war had the effect to involve in its horrors the helpless and the innocent ; but it was not on that account , necessarily unjust . Let any man say how war could be conducted without it . As neutral individuals might be sacrificed in the common calamity , so also might neutral nations . In cases of this kind , the party committing the injury