amity and intercourse with America , and expressed his anxious expectation that the mind of the Americans would become cooler and more considerate , and that this country would meet them with correspending sentiments . his lordship concluded with moving for copies or extracts of the Dispatches which passed between his majesty 's government and the government of the United States , respecting the Treaty signed by the plenipotentiaries of both governments . most perfectly coincided in opinion with the noble baron , that an impartial regard to the interests of the two countries was an essential basis of this , or any other negotiation ; and under that impression he trusted that he and his colleagues were disposed to act . No man could be more impressed than he was with the necessity of cultivating a good understanding with America , and making her feel how indispensable was such a connexion to the reciprocal interests of the two countries . After having acquainted the noble baron that he did not intend to oppose his motion , he did not expect he would have gone so largely into the question : but he should not imitate his example , as he would now , and as he had on former occasions , abstain from agitating any question respecting America ; as our relations With the united states must soon come , in all their bearings , under the consideration of the house.—After a short conversation the motion was agreed to . said , he had to apologise to their lordships , for postponing that part of the motion of which he had given notice , which related to the Expedition to Constantinople . He found himself obliged to do this from having been unable to examine the dates of certain papers , which it was necessary to investigate . With respect to the other points of his motion , he thought it of great importance that the house should be put in possesion of some additional information relative to the Me- 435 diation offered by Russia and Austria . At a crisis like the present , it was of great importance to know , whether ministers had taken advantage of any opportunity that offered for pacific negociation , with a disposition favourable to the attainment of peace . With respect to the qualities of a mediator , he did not think it was necessary that a mediating power should be totally unconnected with both the belligerents : it was scarcely possible in human affairs to meet with perfect impartiality , at the same time he admitted that where there was a close connection between the power offering to mediate and one of the belligerents , that the other belligerent was justified in refusing a mediation under such circumstances . With respect to Russia , much had been said about the treaty of Tilsit : he did not believe that at the time of concluding that treaty , there was any dereliction of our interest on the part of Russia , but that that measure was the offspring of necessity . His noble friend ( lord Hutchinson ) had stated on a former evening the vast losses sustained by the Russian army ; and , after hearing that statement , could there be a doubt of the necessity under which Russia must find herself of making peace ? It had been said , that there was a secret article in the Treaty of Tilsit , in which Russia pledged herself that the Danish fleet should be at the disposal of France ; but he did not believe the existence of any such article . Was it possible to suppose that Russia , even prostrate as she was at the feet of France , would have agreed to an article which would have rendered France mistress of the Baltic , and placed the Russian empire completely in her power ? He did not believe that Russia was really hostile to this country until the event of the expedition to Copenhagen ; a measure which he feared we should repent to the latest hour of our existence . The Russian offer of mediation