exception of two detached divisions , amounting to about 30,000 . The French troops were estimated at 150,000 . From the 351 disasters sustained by the former , and after the unfortunate battle of Friedland , the loss of the Russians amounted to 40,000 men : they lost also 1898 officers , and 29 generals . I was then perfectly convinced that Russia must make peace with France . I believe also that the emperor of Russia was sincere in his desire to mediate , if possible , a peace between this country and France ; but , at all events , I then believed that the relations of peace and amity might have been preserved between Great Britain and Russia . The Treaty of Tilsit was signed on the 7th of July . On the 23d of August , my lords , I had a conversation with the emperor of Russia at Kamincostroff . His imperial majesty asked me whether I had not admitted to count Strogonoff , three days after the battle of Friedland , that it was necessary for him to make peace ? I told him that I had done so , that I was of that opinion then , which subsequent events had confirmed ; that I thought myself bound in justice to him , and to myself , publicly to avow it , which I should continue to do as long as I lived . His imperial majesty said , we are , then , both agreed on the necessity there was to make peace . I. answered in the affirmative . His imperial majesty proceeded to state , that he had offered his mediation to England ; that he attached no false vanity ( gloriole was the French word ) to the acceptance or rejection of his mediation ; but that it was his most sincere and anxious wish that England should make peace , as he was sure that it was his interest , and also that of Europe , and ours , that we should restore tranquillity to the world.—I said to his Imperial majesty , that he had not given sufficient time for England to accept or reject his mediation , because a much longer period than a month must elapse before any answer could be received ; and though the disposition of my mind inclined towards peace , I , nor no other man in England would accept it , but on conditions the most reasonable and honourable ; that as far as we were concerned , the events of the war had been highly favourable.—To which his Imperial majesty replied , that the time allowed was of no importance , because we might take three or four months , if we pleased , to accept or reject his mediation : but his anxious wish and desire was , that we should make peace . That he had a perfect knowledge of the feelings and character of the people of England ; that he had been made 352 acquainted by Buonaparte with the conditions of peace proposed to be offered , and that he had no doubt that even I myself would consider them to be highly reasonable and honourable.—Some confidential conversation followed , which I do not think myself at liberty to disclose , but from what then passed , as I have already stated , I was justified in believing that the relations of peace and amity might have been preserved between the two countries . It has been stated in another place , that I had given an opinion , that if the attack on Copenhagen had not taken place , Russia would not have gone to war with this country . My lords , I never gave any such opinion , nor do I mean now to say , that if that attack had not been made , there would have been no war with Russia , but I mean to say , that the result of that expedition did materially change the relations between Great Britain and Russia , and give rise to sentiments of a very hostile nature at the Court of Petersburgh