well as those of the company , and to provide more effectually hereafter for the good government and prosperity of Oude , consequently for the happiness of its native inhabitants . '—We find in the Carnatic Papers laying upon our table , that in the war with Hyder Ali in 1780 , -81 , and 82 , lord Macartney , then governor of Madras , found it absolutely necessary to assume the management of the revenues of the Carnatic , in order to have security for the payment of the nabob 's subsidy.—In the war with Tippoo Sultan in 1790 , lord Cornwallis had recourse to the same expedient ; and a treaty was concluded with the nabob , by which the collection of the revenues was to be assigned to the Company during war , —not merely the necessity of this temporary assignment during war , but the necessity of having permanent territorial security for the payment of the subsidy , was so evident to a noble friend of mine ( lord Buckinghamshire ) who resided over the government of Madras with so much honour to himself and advantage to the public , that he endeavoured by every means in his power to modify the then existing treaty with the nabob of the Carnatic ; on that principle , the Court of Directors highly approved of the conduct of my noble friend , and lamented that his zealous endeavours had not proved successful ; as , in their opinion , nothing short of the modification proposed , was likely to answer any beneficial purpose ; and lord Wellesley , on going to India , was instructed to accomplish that object . Territorial possession , therefore , instead of subsidy , has been a principle acted upon in India by the predecessors of lord Wellesley , and recommended and sanctioned by the highest 1032 authority at home.—In considering this important subject , it appears necessary to take a short view of the political state of India , at the time the noble lord assumed the charge of that government . Tippoo Sultan , compelled by lord Cornwallis to purchase a peace under the walls of his capital , by the surrender of one half of his dominions , by the payment of a large sum of money , and by delivering up two of his sons as hostages for the due performance of that treaty , —from this moment had been seeking the means of revenge . He had connected himself more closely with the French , from whom he actually received succours of troops . He had stirred up Zemaun Shaw and other native powers against us , and the Carnatic was threatened with the renewal of war.—The court of the Nizam was entirely controuled by French influence , and there was at Hydrabad a large and well disciplined native force under French officers , ready to co-operate with Tippoo Sultan , menacing the weakest part of our possessions on the coast of Coromandel.—A formidable native force , under 300 French officers , nominally in the service of Scindia ; but in reality totally independant of him , was stationed on the most vulnerable part of our Bengal frontier ( Oude ) ; and M. Perron , who commanded that force , also commanded the resources of the country , and was in the receipt of an annual revenue of upwards of one million sterling . Let us for one moment look at the amount of this force . —The army of Tippoo Sultan amounted to . 94,000 men , 50,000 of which , with a train of 130 pieces , of artillery , he afterwards brought into the field against us . The French force at Hydrabad consisted of 15,000 native troops , and 60 field pieces . The French force under M. Perron , consisted of 40,000 well disciplined native troops , and 280 pieces of Artillery , making altogether a regular field force of 105,000 men , and a train of 470 pieces of Artillery . If to this we add the armies of Scindia , of the Rajah of Berar , and of Holkar ,