without that last and highest reward , the thanks of this house . If neither the practice nor policy of the country would admit of such reward being given in the present instance , if according to the practice , generally , if not invariably observed , such an expression of the public gratitude would imply sentiments , which the country neither did nor ought to feel , and which it would be in the highest degree injurious both to its character and to its interests , to be supposed to feel , the army and navy could not complain , though a reward was with- 173 held , which they themselves must be conscious of having equally deserved , as far as their own merit was concerned , in a thousand instances where yet it was never at all in their contemplation . All this , supposing the service to be of as high a character as he had been hitherto willing to take for granted ; but he was prepared to go the length of saying , that as a mere military and naval proceeding , the service was not one entitled to the thanks of the house . The army and navy did all they could ; but what was done did not deserve the thanks of the house . The noble lord was checked at times in the merit he was dealing out to the army and navy , lest he should take too much from himself and his colleagues : on the other hand , he did not well know how to praise himself and them , without cutting up the foundation of what he was to say of the two services . He was at a loss whether to take it in meal or in malt . Then the noble lord seemed to think the glory belonged to the transport and victualling boards , and thus while these boards did the service the army and navy were thanked . The fitting out and bringing away ships was certainly a service , but it was a service of labour , such as might be performed at Portsmouth or Plymouth , as well as at Copenhagen . At this rate , public thanks and rewards might be given at one end of an expedition as well as at the other , at the out-fit not less than at the conclusion . Yet he had never heard of a commissioner of a dock-yard who had been made a peer ; nor of a master attendant who had a red ribband . In other cases , the titles of the honoured commanders had been taken from the scene of action ; such were the titles of earl St. Vincent , lord Nelson of the Nile , and lord Duncan of Camperdown . Was a similar reference to be made in the case in question , the title might perhaps be appropriate enough , Copenhagen seeming to signify , according to its etymology , `` the harbour of merchants and traders , '' but he did not conceive that any one would be much disposed to contend , that the assumption would be very desirable in the present instance . A yet stronger criterion was the omission of what had been usual on all occasions to which this pretended to be similar , the striking a medal to commemorate the service . In the name of ridicule and common sense , what would have been the emblems that such a medal must have contained ? Instead of masts 174 falling , ships exploding , actions yard-arm and yard-arm , we must have had nothing but men employed in rolling tar barrels , or working cranes , packages of hemp , lighters and wherries with spars in tow ; a scene , in short , for Tower wharf or the West India docks.—The noble lord said , ithad not been judged prudent to bring the British fleet to act against the batteries of Copenhagen , and that was the reason why the ships were not more actively employed ; then came the commissioners of victualling , then the extraordinary preparation