, is not accompanied with any communication of the limitation respecting time . The 13th article of the treaty of Tilsit , is alluded to but not communicated in the note : and the presumption is , that for whatever reason a limitation time might have been acceded to by the Emperor of Russia , in the treaty itself , he wished not to offend England , by accompanying his offer of mediation with the declaration that such mediation must be accepted or rejected within a given period . In point of fact Lord Granville Leveson well knew , and the king 's ministers , through him , also knew , that the Emperor of Russia intended to pass by that limitation of time altogether.—Sir , the offer of mediation by Mr. Alopeus is conceived in the most friendly , the most explicit , and the most satisfactory terms—he declares that the Emperor of Russia is convinced of the disposition of his Britannic Majesty towards peace , that in many conversations held with the Emperor of the French , the Emperor of Russia had had reason to be convinced personally , that the Emperor of the French was sincerely desirous of the re-establishment of a maritime peace , upon equitable and honourable principles ; and he not only offers his interposition for the attainment of so desirable an end ; but he voluntarily promises the support of all the forces of his empire , for insuring the performance of all the stipulations of peace , when once it shall have taken place between France and England he goes on to say , that by this guaranty his Britannic majesty will obtain that which he has ever appeared to 812 desire ; and may without distrust follow the bent of his humane end pacific sentiments.—Here , Sir , again it may be said , and perhaps justly , that the offer of mediation , even accompanied with the guarantee , in itself so desirable , could not have been accepted without some explanations from the emperor of Russia ; but those explanations might have been asked in such a manner , as to have left it open to you , either to have accepted the mediation immediately , or failing that mediation to have opened a direct communication with France . Instead of this , a cold , format , and repulsive note is returned by Mr. Canning demonstrating no confidence in Russia , and no disposition to peace . It begins with the usual technical phraseology ; and with the common expressions of a desire of the restoration of a general peace : boasting the ample proofs of the disposition to peace recently afforded by the accession of the king to the convention of Bartenstein , [ p.114 . ] Sir , I had it in contemplation at one time , to have moved for the production of the convention of Bartenstein , but I apprehended , and indeed I had heard that this convention was never carried into execution , and therefore it could not have been laid upon the table of the House of Commons . But I should have been glad to have seen it , and I fear it would have evinced any thing rather than a sincere disposition to tile restoration of a general peace : because , if I am not much misinformed , it contained a renewal of those chimerical projects which even in the most distressing times , and under the most unpropitious circumstances , have been entered into for the diminution of the French power ; and the restoration of peace is by a desperate policy deferred till after the accomplishment of objects , which none but madmen would contemplate as possible.—Sir , ( after this preamble , ) Mr. sec . Canning declares to Mr. Alopeus that it is impossible to return a more specific answer to the note presented by him than this , [ p . 115 . ] `` that his majesty waits with the utmost solicitude for the communications of the articles of the treaty concluded at Tilsit , and for the statement of those equitable