was greatly affected in the article of insurance , by the Berlin decree . On the first of these points , he proposed to examine Mr. John Hall , a ship-broker . This gentleman was accordingly called in . In the course of Mr. Hall 's examination , a discussion took place on the propriety of a question proposed by Mr. Whitbread as to the authenticity of the witnesses information , respecting certain ships , alleged to be neutrals , and sequestered by virtue of the Berlin decree.—After some further observations from Messrs. Rose , Tierney , Marriott , the chancellor of the Exchequer , and Mr. A. Baring , the witness was called in , and in answer to Mr. Whitbread 's question , could only speak to his belief . The purport of his remaining evidence went to shew the reality and extent of the injuries sustained in the export trade to the continent , in consequence of the Berlin and other decrees , prior to issuing the Orders of Council.—Other witnesses were then examined , and the house resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Thursday . if no objection existed to the proceeding , was anxious that the order for committing the Reversion bill , which was dropped yesterday in consequence of there having been no house , should be taken up to day , and that the bill should be committed . said , he should be the last man to occasion any unnecessary delay in the discussion of a subject that had excited so much of the attention of the public , but he did think , that in proportion to its importance it should be entitled to a fair arid adequate consideration . There were several gentlemen now absent who had taken a particular interest in that measure , and who , had they known that the discussion would have conic on to-day , would have attended in their places ; they did not , however , think that it would have come on , nor had they any right to expect it would , as it was the established usage of that house , whenever an order had dropped , not to revive it without a specific notice . If this was a general rule , it should hold particularly in a case of such importance as the present . The bill in question had deservedly excited a great portion of the public interest ; and that interest had not been lessened by the rumours that had been so very prevalent , perhaps unfounded , but not altogether discredited , that the great principle of the bill would be compromised . He was anxious , therefore , that the public should be satisfied that every advantage of a full , fair , and adequate discussion , had been afforded to the measure . He hoped that on these grounds the hon . gent . would have the goodness to let the order for going into a committee stand for to-morrow , and he was sure that his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Whitbread ) would have no objection to give way , by postponing his motion that stood for to-morrow , to a future day . said , that he was very far from being disposed to give any obstruction to the motion of his hon . friend ; and could not conceive why the right hon . gent . who had just sat down should think that there could not be as full and as ample a discussion of the measure , in so very full an attendance , as at a future day . However , he did not wish to press the motion at present , since the right hon . gent . seemed to think it would be attended with so much inconvenience to his friends . He did entirely agree with him , that the bill had excited a great portion of the public attention ; for that rea- 1317 son he was most anxious that the least delay possible might occur , before the sentiments of that