come to this , was it done in such a manner as to satisfy her honour and her interest as connected with G. Britain ? As it was a measure of warfare against this country , was it not tending to affect America remotely ? She owed her interposition , undoubtedly , not only for her own honour but for her interest , and those duties she should have observed towards the belligerent power that was thus attacked , and with whom she was in perfect amity . It has been asked , upon a former occasion , in order to shew the illegality of our measures , has this French Decree been at all enforced in France ? But I apprehend the question ought to be—has the measure been revoked by France ? Are we to resort to the ministers of France for the purpose of knowing whether they can exercise their own Decree or not ? After the discussion that has already taken place upon the subject of M. Decres ' Letter , can any body consider that it contains that sort of revocation that ought to have satisfied America ? . Has there been any Decree declaring that America was excepted out of the Order of the 21st of Nov. ? If France chose to give a doubtful and prevaricating answer to America , was that to assure America that her commerce would be free from interruption ? Did not the tenor and the maxim still continue ? Were not her vessels , as well as those of other countries , obliged to pay higher insurance , in consequence of that Decree still existing ? Undoubtedly it must be conceded that a private assurance of this sort ought not to have been considered any thing upon which America could rest satisfied . But , even let it be granted , that there had been a public assurance to America that she alone was to be exempted from its influ 670 ence , would that have been a sufficient ground for us not to look further to our interest ? What ! because France chooses to except America from her injurious decrees , are we to consent to their continuance ? If France thinks proper to violate the territories of several neutral powers and not to act in a similar manner towards another neutral , does it follow that those other nations are to submit and endure a misconstruction of her conduct ? Such , then , is the construction that can be put upon her conduct by the law of nations , which is the principle of natural justice , honestly and bona fide employed . It is not by manœuvre and management of this sort that we are to be bound to make the same exception in our conduct towards France , that she may be pleased to make towards America , by that private assurance , if it may be so called , that passed through M. Decres.—What took place upon the 17th or 19th of Feb. ? The Spanish Decree was then issued , and it may be looked upon as the act of France . Was there any exception in favour of America ? If it was to be understood that America was excepted out of the Decree of the 21st of Nov. is it to be supposed that in that subsequent decree we should not have had some notice of that exception ? This , surely , was a pretty strong proof that America was never intended to have been exempted . Did not the capture of the ship Sanson , by the Spanish officers , evince what was their understanding of the blockade of England ? She was taken upon the sole ground of her violating that blockading decree . Now , let us go on to another point that will yet further elucidate the nature of that Decree . I allude to the Treaty of Tilsit . France now had consumated partly her object ; Russia and Prussia had made their peace with France and were become neutrals ; but do they call for a revocation that Decree ? No