. There was no doubt , however , that the 724 business had been conducted directly in the face of the regular proceedings of the house . It was impossible , in a committee of ways and means , to enter into the merits of these Orders in Council , or to judge in that place , whether his majesty had been properly advised in the exercise of his prerogative . The justice or propriety of the measure could never , there , be decided on with effect . In a committee of ways and means , nothing could be examined into which was not referable to duties . What his right hon . friend had said was perfectly apparent , that this was a question of the greatest importance , infinitely more so than that of a treaty of navigation and commerce . In the present measure all the world was interested ; yet here we had neglected what we had done in cases of much less importance . in reply , did not deny that the house had had opportunities of discussing the question as to the merits of these Orders in Council ; what he complained of was , that they had never been allowed an opportunity of deciding on them . In a committee of ways and means they could have no means of deciding on any question . They could not command any materials for that purpose , nor could they effectually touch on any thing unconnected with finance , unless they had received special instructions to that effect . It had been said , that there -was nothing in this measure contrary to the navigation laws . He would ask , was it nothing contrary to the navigation acts to force a vessel out of her tract to this country , and then to tell her you may proceed to the place of your destination , but you must leave the most valuable part of your cargo behind you ? This he considered to be not only a novelty , but also to be a novelty which was perfectly disgraceful to this country . He still maintained , that merely because measure related to trade it must originate in a committee of the whole house , and not in a committee of ways and means . If the committee of Ways and means , where no instructions had been given , would enable all proper steps to be taken for deciding on the justice and policy of the measure , as well as on its financial merits , then he was wrong ; if it could not , then he was right . He recollected a bill having been introduced . by the lord advocate of Scotland , during the last parliament , for altering the practice as to Teinds in Scotland , in which the Speaker interfered , and put the learned lord to rights as to the form ; 725 it being requisite that such bill , as affecting religion and also justice , should originate . in a committee of the whole house . He conceived the present bill to stand in a similar situation , and he begged to have the opinion of the Speaker on this point . thought that the rules of the house were sufficiently clear on the subject , and that it was only the application of them that could be dubious . with respect to Grand Committees , near a 160 years had elapsed since any report had been made by one . The standing order of 1770 was the rule by which the house was now governed ; that order said , that all matters of trade should originate in a Committee of the whole house . It was true , however , on the other hand , that until these very few years the committee of ways and means had not been so separately employed on ways and means alone as to exclude from their discussions every other subject . Now , certainly the practice of the house was , that not any thing should come before the committee of ways and means