directors was , that nothing could be more ruinous to the state and the affairs of Oude , than the existence of those troops . ' ( p. 46 ) .— And Mr. Cowper further observes , 'That the most earnest recommendations to their council were , to prevail on the nabob to reduce them as much as possible , as much as was consistent with the safety of the country , and the collection of the revenues . ' ( p. 46 ) .—For military purposes there was no question as to the inefficiency of the vizier 's troops ; but we are told by major Ousely ( p. 64 ) , that 1030 they were unequal to the collection of the revenues ; he says , ' I believe at first the nabob was very willing to disband his army , finding them totally insufficient for the purpose of collecting the revenues , and for the subordination of his country . '—Sir James Craig , who commanded in Oude , being desired to state his opinion as to the efficiency , and discipline of the troops of the vizier in the years 1798 , -9 , and 1800 , says , 'They were totally undisciplined ; mutinous , licentious , and many battalions not armed . ' being asked , 'Were they attached to the person and the government of Sadut ali Khan , the nabob of Oude ? ' Sir James Craig answered , ' I never had much communication with them , but I always understood the reverse ; and , I know the nabob himself considered them in that light . ' ( p. 97 ) .—The Extracts to which I have presumed to call the attention of the house , in my humble opinion , incontestably prove that the internal administration of the vizier 's government was radically bad ; and that the interests and safety of the vizier and of the East India company required that these growing evils should be corrected . In addition to this state of internal disorder , Oude was threatened with external danger , by the approach of Zeman Shah . Under all these circumstances , the measures pursued by the noble lord in Oude appear to have been founded in the wisest policy , as well as in the strictest justice , and we have reason to believe , from the evidence of major Ousely , that those measures have promoted the real interests and happiness of the vizier , and of his people.—The following Extract of a letter to the governor general , dated 4th of Dec. 1800 , shews that the conduct of the noble lord with respect to Oude , was highly approved of by the court of directors . They say , 'That they entertained a due sense of the highly essential services of the marquis Wellesley in the persevering zeal with which he effected a reform in the military establishment of the nabob vizier , a measure not less contributing to the preservation of his excellency 's dominions , than to the relief of the company 's finances , by furnishing a large additional subsidy , to the annual amount of fifty lacks of rupees , to reimburse the charges of the late augmentation of our troops in that quarter , so necessary to be made in view to the ultimate security of our possessions against the invasion of 1031 Zeman Shah , or of any other power hostile to the British interests : and that they had the firmest reliance upon the continuance of his lordship 's exertions for introducing the necessary improvements into the civil administration of the affairs of the nabob vizier . '—And the Secret Committee in a letter dated the 19th Nov. 1803 , approved of the conduct of marquis Wellesley in the following terms : 'Having taken into our consideration the treaty lately concluded between the governor gen. and the nabob vizier we have now to signify our approbation , of the provisions of the treaty . We consider the stipulations therein contained , as calculated to improve and secure the interests of the vizier as