himself of the Duab , a very extensive proportion of the territory of Oude . Whilst , therefore , the non-payment of the subsidy was made the visible ground for invading the independence of that prince , the eventual accomplishment of a territorial cession was the paramount object of the marquis Wellesley 's policy and exertions . Indeed , from the correspondence of that nobleman with colonel Scott , there was nothing to be traced but one tissue of hypocrisy and dissimulation , holding out false hopes and views to the nabob , at the same moment that difficulties were created , in order to make their existence a pretence for carrying into effect the views of aggression entertained by the marquis Wellesley , from the first moment of his arrival in India , against the principality of Oude . Much had been said of the dilapidation of the resources and financial means of Oude , in order to give a colouring to the system of conduct pursued against the nabob . Let the house and the country for a moment bear in their recollection , that from the commencement of the British intercourse with Oude , the subsidy paid by that principality increased , in 24 years , from 115,000l . to 1,600,000l . British . A pretty convincing answer to such allegations , and an unanswerable proof that there was no disinclination on the pert of the nabob to pay for the security he had received . But for what purpose were the means of assistance adopted by the British government ? Was it for Oude solely ? There was no person so Quixotic as to believe that any government was now animated by such disinterested principles . It then was for the security of the British power in India ; and surely if a sum of money was expended for the defence of Ireland and Scotland , and through these parts of the kingdom for the security of the empire , there was no man who would say that these particular portions should be sepa- 1041 rately burdened with the expence which was incurred . But the marquis Wellesley , in his conduct to the nabob , was not content with exacting the whole of the subsidy . He called not only for it , but , as it was rumoured , for more than the specific amount , and that to a moment ; adding , by his future demands for territorial cession , a spirit of severity to a principle of perfidy and injustice . It was in evidence before the house , that lord Teignmouth had declared , that as long as the nabob of oude paid his instalments , the British government was bound by treaty not to demand any territorial security . He did pay up the instalments ; and in what view did the aggression of marquis Wellesley then present itself ? Yet , under all the obligations of the treaty of 1798 , the nabob was to have complete controul over his household , his troops , and his subjects . Could the noble lord confine these expressions to a controul over his wardrobe ; for little else did that nobleman leave to the unfortunate prince ? Was there then any wonder in seeing , as the declaration of the East India Directors expressed , the nabob in tears , and much dejected . Was there any surprise in finding that he had laid down the turban of a Mahometan prince , and retired from the palace of his fathers , to the hovel of a peasant , weighed down , as he was , by the oppression and injustice of the aggressions committed by marquis Wellesley . It was upon these grounds that he appealed to the feeling of the house , to its love of justice , and sense of moral character . He called upon it to vote its censure upon a man , who , in violation of the law of the land , and the binding provisions of a solemn compact , had been guilty of cruelty and oppression , had degraded the character of