the belief , that it was intended by Russia rather as preparatory to hostility , consequent on his majesty 's refusal , than as likely to lead to a pacific result through his acceptance . '' [ p . 204 . ] Is it possible that the same man can be so contradictory to himself ? He goes on to state that he thinks there is evidence not only of the designs of Buonaparte towards Denmark , but of the `` connivance , if not of the participation , of Russia in those designs : '' `` and that Russia formed a large part of the danger , which the measures taken against Denmark by the king of England were calculated to repel . '' Why , sir , if this were the feeling of the king 's minister , was it not his duty to have told lord Granville Levison directly to break off all communication with the court of Petersburgh ? Russia was not only partial to France , but was conniving in measures calculated for the destruction of England ; or according to the emphatical words of lord Granville Levison in his note to general Budberg , dated the 2d of Sept. she formed a large part of the danger `` which in the view of England , threatened not only the welfare of his people , but the existence of his crown . '' [ p . 199 . ] Was it possible that he could advise his majesty to accept ( with whatever conditions annexed ) , the mediation of a power so circumstanced ? But we see that the foreign secretary does not absolutely disown the possibility of the acceptance of the Russian mediation . He still hesitates . This is extraordinary . But what must surprise us still more , is , that hesitating upon the acceptance of the mediation of Russia , as between France and England , declaring that mediation to be offered in a manner evincing an hostile , rather than an amicable mind , in the court of St. Petersburgh , and affirming that Russia is conniving at , if not instigating the hostility of France towards this country 824 through the means of Denmark , and is a part of that danger with which G. Britain is threatened ; he calls upon the emperor of Russia ( under such circumstances ) to mediate between Denmark and G. Britain , to mediate between G. Britain and the power in whose cause Russia , by her public declaration , delivered to lord Granville Levison , declares herself to be greatly interested , against whom Russia declares that Great Britain has acted with the grossest violence and injustice ; whose cause Russia declares that she is determined to espouse ; between England and that power he calls upon Russia to mediate , having before declared that impartiality was the necessary character of a mediator , having before declared that in the mind of a mediator , not only there must be no hostility lurking towards either of the parties on whose behalf the mediation is proposed , but that the absence of all such hostility must be made manifest by the complete exposition and promulgation of all the acts done , all the engagements entered into both public and private between the mediating power and the other Belligerents ! Sir , I defy the right hon . gent . to reconcile these inconsistencies in his own conduct ; and I think such inconsistency of conduct shews that the person to whom it is justly attributable is not fitted for the high and important situation which he holds under his majesty 's government.—The rest of the correspondence from lord Granville Levison , gives an account of the removal of gen. Budberg from his office of foreign minister ; the appointment , ad interim , of count Soltikoff : and the further appointment of count Romanzow to the same office , I shall not dwell upon that part of the correspondence , because it relates principally to the subject of Denmark , which I now wish to leave wholly out of my view