his majesty 's ministers ought to fortify themselves with the strength of parliament and the sense of the nation , at a time when the eyes of the world were upon their proceedings . said , he had listened with great attention to the arguments of his hon . and learned friend who had just sat down , and before he proceeded specifically to observe on them , he would beg leave to make one general observation in answer to a principle that appeared to him to be hastily adopted and applied in the reasoning of his hon . and learned friend . His hon . and learned friend had argued in favour of the necessity of delay ; but it did appear to him , that no farther lapse of time was at all necessary to the due consideration of the subject now before the house . Considerable stress was laid by his hon . and learned friend on the various inconsistencies which , in his opinion , were 333 to be discovered in those orders ; but before he went into that part of the argument he must take leave to say that , even admitting those inconsistencies in their full force , he could not see how that could be a ground for deferring their consideration . His hon . and learned friend had said , that his majesty 's ministers ought to go forth on this occasion with the whole strength of the house of commons . It was about a twelve-month since , that a measure of this sort had been refused even to the inspection of the house of commons , and it had then been said , that to call for such a paper would be to interfere with the conduct of the war , and a denial of that just confidence which was due to ministers ; that no ground could be laid for its production , and that parliament ought not to be possessed of it in a shape that could make it the subject of discussion . He was surprized , therefore , to find that his hon . and learned friend had refrained from giving his advice till this day upon the subject , and that , entertaining the opinions he did , he had not endeavoured to recal the late ministers from an act which he considered unjustifiable . His hon . and learned friend had admitted , that on a principle of retaliation , measures of this kind were justifiable , and he agreed with his hon . and learned friend , that when such measures were to operate upon innocent neutrals , it ought to be grave matter of consideration whether they should be resorted to . His hon . and learned friend had stated , that such measures ought to follow the acts of the enemy , or otherwise they would not be acts of retaliation . With this doctrine he agreed in part ; but when the enemy departed from justice , he was of opinion that we were justified in retaliating in substance , and not bound to adhere to the form . And he was surprized , indeed , to hear the noble lord who opened this debate , put the construction he had done upon the French decree of 1806 , because that construction took away all justification from the Order of the 7th of Jan. 1807 . It was matter of astonishment to him to hear any one who had uttered a syllable in support of the Order of the 7th of Jan. 1807 , objecting to the orders then under consideration . The very preamble of the former order was a refutation of the noble lord 's arguments . That preamble stated the gross injustice of the French decree to be the foundation of the order . The noble lord and his learned friend contended , not that France did not understand 334 the decree , according to the construction upon which the orders proceeded ; but that no person reading the decree could understand it so . For his part , he could not see what other construction