majesty 's ministers to judge of the conduct that would be pursued by Denmark . Had she not received intimation of the dangers that impended over her ? Had not the Bulletin published by Buonaparte after the battle of Fried-land given her notice of her approaching fate , when it stated , `` that the blockade of the British islands would then cease to be a vain word . '' What ports but those of Denmark could this prospective threat apply to , for what others were neutral ? The conferences too , at Tilsit , and the immediate execution of some of the arrangements entered into there , by the restoration of the dukes of Mecklenburg and Oldenburg , for whom the emperor of Russia had particularly interested himself , on the condition of shutting their ports against Great Britain , shelved the designs of Buonaparte , and pointed to Denmark as the next state that would be called upon to submit to his laws of blockade.—To Denmark alone this intimation of the Bulletin referred , and accordingly she was found shrinking into her shell as France approached , and neglecting to make any addition to her means of defence . She had declared the French Decree of the 21st Nov. innocent , whilst she remonstrated strongly against the British mild retaliation in the Order of the 7th of Jan. as unjust ; and yet this was the power which they were told was capable of defending itself against France ! The proposition was not maintainable , and if his majesty 's ministers had not acted upon the impressions they received from the experience of the past , and their knowledge of the state and sentiments of the court of Denmark , they would not have done their duty . if they had not taken the very steps which were now censured , the eloquence , of the right hon . gent . was cold and dead , compared with the thunder that would have then rolled over their 276 heads . But these were distant warnings . Had not Denmark more immediate intimation of its danger ? General Bernadotte , on coining to take the command at Ham-burgh , directed the assembled burghers to prepare quarters for 15,000 men which he represented as only the advanced guard of a much greater force , that was to be employed on an expedition which would not require him to be long absent from Hamburgh . Whither could this expedition be directed but against Holstein ? Bernadotte had also been charged with a mission to the Crown Prince at Kiel ; and , though he should state as a fact , a thing which he did not know upon official authority , that officer , he was assured , had had an interview with the Crown Prince at Kiel , on the night of the 21st of July . He believed the fact , though he could not state it positively , and he knew also , that it was believed at Kiel , in Holstein , at Hamburgh , and at St. Petersburgh , at the time . Bernadotte , too , had made no secret of the object of his mission , being to procure the exclusion of the English from the ports of Denmark . Was this a state of things , in which his majesty 's ministers were to go on confiding in the sincerity and means of the Danish government , till they should be called on for assistance ? He wished to know , why they should have waited for the Declaration of Denmark , when fully apprised of the disposition of France towards that power , of the inability of Russia to controul that disposition , and of the want of means , or of inclination , on the part of Denmark , to resist the force of France ? But the right hon . gentleman had argued that thought there had been enough in the circumstances and conduct of Denmark to excite suspicion , or call for measures of precaution , yet there was not sufficient to justify the length to which the