. Intelligence of the result of the attack on Copenhagen arrived at St. Petersburgh on the 27th or 28th of August . On the 4th of Sept . I saw the emperor a second time at Kamincostroff . His Imperial majesty began the conversation by asking me , `` what I thought of our attack upon Copenhagen ? '' I replied , that I was entirely ignorant of the circumstances which had occasioned that attack , but that I hoped the administration in England could justify themselves , and prove to the world that the Danes were on the eve of joining all their forces to the French , to make common cause against England.—His Imperial majesty told me in reply , that it was impossible for me to be of that opinion , if I would recollect the repeated conversations which had taken place between us , on the subject of Denmark , at Bartenstein , in which he told me that he had used every effort in his power to bring forward the Crown Prince of Denmark , and to induce him to join the coalition against France ; the answers of the prince had always been explicit and uniform , that he had maintained for many years a system of neutrality , in which he was determined to persevere , as the people whom he governed had flourished and prospered under it ; and that no consideration should ever induce him to depart from it . His imperial majesty added , that I must be acquainted with the decision of character which belonged to the Crown Prince , 353 that nothing was so difficult as to shake his determinations , or to induce him to change any line of conduct which he had once adopted ; and that he was sure no connection existed between the French and Danish government previous to our attack on Copenhagen.—I then said , that I believed lord G. L. Gower had delivered to his Imperial majesty 's minister a Note on the subject ; to which his Imperial majesty answered that he had , but that the contents of it were nugatory , as it contained no sufficient explanation , or offer of satisfaction . His Imperial majesty then proceeded to state the great concern which our unjustifiable aggression had given him ; that the French government never had done any thing so strong—that it justified every thing they had done or might do hereafter . If such proceedings were admissible , there was an end of all those relations which had usually influenced the conduct of nations towards each other ; that every body was at liberty to do just what they pleased , and that he might attack Sweden to-morrow . His Imperial majesty then told me in the most peremptory language , tone , and manner , that he would have satisfaction , complete satisfaction , for this unprovoked aggression . That it was his duty as emperor of Russia to demand it , and that he would have it ; and he asked me , whether even I myself would venture to differ with him on that subject ? He then said , that he was bound to Denmark by the most solemn treaties and engagements , which treaties and engagements he was determined to adhere to and fulfil . His Imperial majesty then added , that he supposed we meant to make an attack on Cronstadt ; he did not know what the event of that attack might be , but this he knew , that he was determined to resist to the last man , and to prove himself not entirely unworthy of filling that high station to which it had pleased Providence to call him . I told his imperial majesty that I had strong reason to hope and believe , that no attack would be made on Cronstadt . His Imperial majesty said he was prepared for such an event , and had taken his determination upon it , which was that which he had before stated to me . He then closed the conversation , by repeating with much emphasis that ``