them there , condemned in a court formed by the French consul at that port . In the year 1798 his majesty 's ministers felt the interests of this country so affected by the conduct of Denmark , that they sent instructions to our minister at Petersburg , to intreat of that court to join its remonstrances with those of our minister at Copenhagen , to procure an alteration in the hostile behaviour of Denmark . Such also had been the opinion of the Russian court relative to the sentiments of that of Copenhagen , that when sending a fleet and army to co-operate with the allies , it was apprehended that the Danes would have attempted to prevent them from passing the Sound , in which event the Russian commander , by secret orders , was directed to land the troops and attack Copenhagen . The conduct of Denmark had been equally suspicious during the last 20 years . If the 16 ships of the line , which he understood were in the ports of Russia , were added to the 20 belonging to Denmark , there would be no doubt that the 36 , whatever might be the gallantry 368 of the king of Sweden , would have forced his twelve sail of the line to co-operate with them . The noble earl could not look upon a fleet like that as an inconsiderable force , especially in a port so convenient for the invasion of Ireland , by the passage north about . As to the state of Ireland , he could assure their lordships , that the people of that country were no longer divided by religious prejudices , and would be ready to defend their country against any invader . They understood too well , what a conquered people had to expect from the French despot , not to be prepared to risk every thing in the defence of their country . There were still a few of the Jacobin faction in the country , who were ready to do any mischief , and it was not to be wondered at if they had succeeded in seducing a few deluded peasants to join them in their riotous course . The great body of the nation was sound and loyal , and a French invading force would in no part of the empire meet with a more general or determined resistance . contended , that there was no reason whatever to believe that Denmark had entered into any alliance , or that she even had any secret understanding with France , previous to our attack upon her capital . No such inference could be drawn from the quantity of stores found in her arsenals , because there had not been time to collect those stores between the period at which the treaty of Tilsit was concluded and the date of our invasion . And it was worthy of remark , that no movement hostile to us had been observed during that interval . It was rather extraordinary , that so many scruples should be found to the production of the papers now moved for , in a quarter where no great delicacy had been observed on other occasions , in the publication of official papers , and that those ministers who had so imprudently disclosed the dispatches of sir Arthur Paget , from Vienna , and who had commenced their career with divulging the secrets of cabinets , should now withhold information which was essential not only to their own justification , but , to the satisfaction of the country , upon a question in which the national honour was so deeply interested . said , there never was a debate in which he would have wished more to have heard every thing that could have been said on the other side , before he delivered his own sentiments ; but he felt it necessary for him now to state the rea- 369 sons which induced him to agree with his noble friend in rejecting the motion which had been made . He was called upon to state those reasons by every principle and feeling which