proportioned to the degree of resistance to be expected ? It perhaps would also be asked , on what principle of policy it was that we offered to guarantee to Denmark the security of her dominions , when so much difficulty must attend their preservation ? He would not pretend to determine what might have been the result , had the Danish army been supported by British valour , and had their combined exertions being aided by the organization of a patriotic people , in defence of their hearths and their altars ; but , in any view he could take of the subject , it would have been an arduous and difficult enterprize . Some inconvenience would have arisen from other causes . Zealand did not afford a sufficient quantity of provisions for the maintenance of its own inhabitants ; and hence , even for the ordinary demand , it was necessary for her to obtain her principal articles of subsistence from Holstein and Jutland . If numerous forces were collected in the island , much larger demands would be made upon the continent than could be answered , because the French would be in possession of those dependencies , and thus the apparent means of security would increase their danger , and they would ultimately fall a sacrifice to their own necessities . Whatever might be the disposition of England to assist them in this emergency , it might be physically impossible ; the inclemency of the season would , probably , prevent access at the time when communication was absolutely necessary to their support . Reflecting , then , on all these circumstances , it was his firm conviction , that whenever the French thought it necessary to their schemes of aggrandisement or power , Zea- 347 land would have become an easy victim to their ambition . The policy of Buonaparte might , perhaps , have dictated less violent means ; he might have contented himself with threats , `` I will spare you , '' he might have said `` your islands ; I will even resign to you your continental possessions , on the condition that you unite your naval and military forces with the rest of Europe against the common enemy . If you obstinately persevere in maintaining your relations of amity with the despot of the ocean , your German provinces shall be partitioned by new claimants , and your islands shall become dependencies on the adjacent shores . '' It was not difficult to discern , that Denmark had no strong bias in favour of this country : her disposition was manifestly shewn on the memorable occasion of the armed neutrality . But nice inquiries into her political attachments were not , in the present circumstances , necessary ; it was sufficient to shew , that she was absolutely dependent upon France ; and the unavoidable conclusion was , that she would be subservient to the purposes of France . The state of the continent necessarily assimilated her interest to that government ; and , in truth , she held her most productive territories only by its permission . Not only her dominions , but the chief support of her importance—her commerce , was at the disposal of the same power ; for , in time of war especially , she must be deprived of her intercourse with the most opulent states , unless the concurrence of France should sanction her proceedings . From all that had been urged on these various departments of the subject , he would draw three natural inferences . 1st . It was the purpose of France to seize the Danish Fleet . 2d . It was in the power of France to seize it . 3d . Denmark had no adequate means of resistance—.He would consider these positions now as sufficiently established , and would proceed to some other matters of great weight in his view of the subject . What would have been the consequence , had France obtained the co-operation of this powerful marine ? Their lordships would immediately perceive , that it would not have been a solitary acquisition . It would