but it was necessary also to look to the increase of debt during the time of his governorship . When he went to India , the debt owing by the company amounted to 10,000,000l . when he left it the debt amounted to 30,000,000l . This was , he must say , a vast encrease of debt in a few Years . As to cession of territory in the form of subsidy , this he thought justifiable , or otherwise , according to the manner in which the cession was made . But he thought cession of territory most unjustifiable , if contrary to the sacredness of treaty . The noble marquis could not , he was sorry to say , be complimented on his having followed the example of our most gracious sovereign , in imitating him in noble generosity and moderation towards weaker powers ; and , however he might approve of the war with Tippoo , he could not but condemn the conduct of the noble marquis in violating the treaty of Oude . It had been asserted , that the vizier was frequently drunk , and was incapable of taking any proper management ; but he would assert that the noble marquis also had been drunk with ambition , and ought to be checked , however much he might admire the extraordinary talents of the marquis on many occasions , in which he deserved commendation . On a cry of question , Mr. Biddulph moved the adjournment of the debate till Friday . Several observations were then made by different members , and Mr. Whitbread remarked , that he was sorry to see the temper of the house so inimical to listening to his hon . friend who had just sat down , as he would have thrown great light on the transactions of India ; but he was determined to oppose the adjournment . The Speaker then put the motion ; on the division , there were 37 for and 196 against the motion : On entering the house we found Mr. Sheridan on his legs , stating , that he understood , that instead of the original debate , a very extraordinary motion of thanks was to be proposed by an hon . friend to the marquis Wellesley . The whole he had heard in defence of the 1147 noble marquis , did not appear to him to justify such a measure ; and more particularly so at this period of the night , as it would occasion the whole grounds of the debate to be again gone over . said the house ought to be cautious how it gave its censure or thanks ; it was to be remarked , that it was considered to be the policy of our government , and also that of the East India Company to look to commerce , and not to the acquisition of territory ; on this ground he Would give his vote . said , he was astonished at the conduct of the friends of lord Wellesley , who had rested their defence upon the policy of the noble marquis , and not upon the treaty . The injustice was too strong to forego examination . For what was the case ? Lord Cornwallis had left our possessions in India in a flourishing state . The noble marquis had , by his conduct , destroyed what lord Cornwallis had effected , and had left the country in the greatest distress . So much so , that had some bullion not arrived at the same time with his lordship , when he went again to resume the command , there would have been no funds for the exigencies of the state , nor money to pay the troops . He contended that we had violated the treaty of Oude , as by that treaty we had acknowledged the independence of that country , and could not , without injustice , seize upon the territory . He would go the full length of the Resolution , and the motion upon it . defended marquis Wellesley from the unfounded calumnies circulated against him . He compared his