he would have satisfaction , for Denmark . `` —My lords : after such a declaration , is there any man who can say that the attack upon Copenhagen has not had a considerable effect 354 upon the disposition of the emperor of Russia ? I must even think that it formed a principal part of the immediate cause of war with Russia ; and I will ask if this was not a good cause ? The reason it was not immediately declared , I have reason to believe , was that Russia had two fleets at sea , and in some measure in our power.—My lords ; I can not sit down without complaining of the liberties that have been taken by the English newspapers , with the character of the emperor of Russia . While in his dominions I repeatedly experienced the most unpleasant sensations , on perusing the false and scandalous animadversions of our public prints . There was a time , when such unjustifiable attacks would not have been permitted , or would have been punished . To the good faith , magnanimity , and perseverance , of the emperor Alexander , I wish to bear my testimony . I am persuaded that there was not a soldier nor a cannon in all his dominions , that was not called forth in the war . I can not sit down without solemnly declaring , that our conduct towards Denmark is generally disapproved of on the continent . I declare it in the face of this house and of all England , and under this conviction I shall certainly give my cordial vote for the motion of the noble duke . contended , that not only the papers moved for by his noble friend ought to be produced , but also whatever information had been received respecting the naval preparations of Denmark , or the intentions of that power to join in a maritime confederacy against this country . This was information which , he concluded , would not be produced , because no such information had been received , and thus the house was to be left without a single document to support the extraordinary , unprecedented , and unjustifiable measures against Copenhagen . The consideration of the hostility of Denmark was now wholly put out of the question , and the act was defended on the ground of the law of nations . But he would contend , that no precedent for such a measure was to be found in the history of Europe . It was by the principles of the law of nations that the conduct of ministers was to be judged ; they were not then called upon to approve or condemn the thing , or its authors ; they wanted information merely to enable them to form a judgment . If any thing could give delight in reading the history of civilized nations , it was the progressive im- 355 provement that was to be traced in law and civilization , amongst the nations of the world . This was the first instance in which the principles of that amelioration had been trampled upon by us . Revolutionary France was the first to violate those principles , and in support of them and for our security , we had carried on a war against that country at the expence of 200 millions of money . France then made the Treaty of Pilnitz her pretext , as this country now did that of Tilsit . France gave then no evidence of such a treaty , neither did ministers new . He had opposed the government in the late war , not because he condemned the principle , but because he did not think that the war would accomplish its professed object . He opposed the war upon that ground , though it was supported by the matchless eloquence of the minister who then presided over his majesty 's council—an eloquence which far exceeded any thing that had ever been exhibited in any assembly of a civilized nation . This country had always put itself forth as the conservator of the peace of