system of the armed neutrality , which every one of their lordships might be convinced it was so much the interest of this country to resist and to destroy by every means in her power : at a moment when it had been clearly shewn , that Denmark was ready and willing to throw herself into the arms of France ; and it ought to be remembered , that Denmark , by the late expedition and seizure of her fleet , had been deprived of the power of carrying her hostile intentions into effect , for she was not in a situation to replace or restore such a fleet . It had been said , by those who supported the motion , that we did not want ships but men ; but on what data was this taken up ? He did not think it necessary to enter into a detail on that subject , but would content himself with reminding those who used it , that the history of this country had invariably proved that men would spring forward , and have done so on all occasions when the service of their country required them so to do , but that ships were very difficult to be procured . On the contrary , the enemy did not want men , but they were in the greatest want of ships ; and , therefore , depriving them of 16 sail of the line was of the utmost importance in the present state of affairs in Europe . If the arguments of the noble and learned lord were true , that 40 shipwrights could build a ship of the line in 12 months , and that from the number the ruler of France had it in his power to employ , he might obtain 100 sail of the line in a year , it was the more necessary to deprive him of all contingent assistance . The supporters of the motion did not , he said , condescend to bestow on him and his colleagues , who 658 were poor weak men devoid of talents , the same portion of allowance they had given to others in similar circumstances . When the so-much-talked-of capital of Denmark was attacked on a former occasion , during the administration of the noble visc . in consequence of the court of Denmark having become a party to the armed neutrality , a ship had been taken . Did the noble visc . in his generosity , dignity ; and magnanimity , give up that ship ; No ; she was taken into actual service ; and the same circumstance took place respecting her , which had been so much the subject of sarcasm and censure in that house ; her name was changed , and from the Holstein she was christened the Nassau . It was evident , therefore , that what was now found so much fault with in the conduct of the present ministers , had been actually the practice of their predecessors ; and as he could not view this motion in any other light than a palpable and downright censure of the expedition , which had received the approbation of their lordships , he must give his decided negative to it . denied that the house had yet come to a decision on the merits of the expedition to Denmark ; the evidence relative to which had not been laid before it . If , therefore , the house had decided , it must have decided without evidence , from which , indeed , it seemed too willing to turn aside . The unwillingness to look at , much less to examine the merits of this case , was but too glaring and general . Even its warmest advocates betrayed their feeling of its real character , by their anxiety to rescue it from investigation , and to pronounce on it without evidence . When this measure was first talked of , it was attempted to be justified by the allegation of some secret articles in the treaty of Tilsit , tantamount to a stipulation for the surrender of the Danish