exertions in equipping the Danish Navy for sea , end effecting the embarkation and removal of the naval stores from the arsenal at that place . `` —Upon which Sir Home Pohanm said ; `` Mr. Speaker ; I beg , leave , sir , to express through you to this honourable house , my most profound sense of the notice it has been pleased to take of my humble participation in the operations of the late expedition to Copenhagen . No man , sir , can be insensible to the distinction which this house has conferred upon the Army and Navy on the present occasion ; no man prizes that distinction higher than the value I set upon it ; and I beg leave to assure the 194 house , as the only tribute of gratitude which I can offer , that it shall be the first principle of my life , regardless of all consequences to myself , to promote , by the full exercise of my poor faculties , the service of our much esteemed country , and the glory of our virtuous sovereign . With the manner which you have conveyed this honourable testimony of approbation I am most deeply impressed ; and I beg leave to offer you my sincere and very grateful acknowledgments . '' The Offices in Reversion bill was read a third time . On the motion that it do pass , expressed his regret , that the bill had reached this stage without the house knowing what was the opinion of his majesty 's ministers , as to its merits . He supposed , that they were not hostile to it because they had not opposed it , but it was of no small importance for the house to know , whether it had their support or riot . He remembered , that on a former occasion when a bill similar to the present had been brought into parliament , a right hon . gent . had said , that in his opinion it was a matter of very great indifference , whether it passed or not , that on the one hand it was no invasion of the king 's prerogative , and that on the other little practical good could result from it . He was of a good opinion from that right hon . gent . for he thought , that if no practical good could be derived from it , the bill ought not to pass , but he was convinced that much good would result from it , and therefore it had his hearty support . said , that he did not know what right his honourable and learned friend had to call upon him , or any of his colleagues , to give his or their sentiments on the present occasion . He had never seen any reason to expect much benefit from the passing of this bill , however much some persons might think it would be productive of advantages . It had come originally recommended by a committee , as being calculated to diminish the public expenditure ; and , therefore , it appeared to him not to be a subject that ought to meet with opposition . As it had passed this house formerly , and had afterwards been thrown out in another place , rather by surprise , he thought it but reasonable to allow it to be restored to a similar stage with the former one . These were the motives that induced him to vote 195 for its third reading , and for its passing that house.—The bill was then passed . [ PAPERS RELATIVE TO RUSSIA ] Mr. Secretary Canning presented to the house , pursuant to their address to his majesty , the following papers : The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received from lieut . general the right hon . lord viscount Cathcart , the following Letter , in return to the Thanks of this house , signified to him , in 230 obedience to their commands of Thursday last : viz . `` Gloucester Place , Jan. 30 , 1808 . ``