expedition ? Permit me , my lords , to put the case the other way , and to suppose that his majesty 's ministers , confiding in what is termed the faith of treaties , and refusing all other evidence , had neglected to avail themselves of the naval superiority of this country to secure the Danish fleet , what would have been the result Will any man doubt that the speech would now direct us to prepare against a naval confederacy composed of a force equal to forty sail of the line , from supposing the independent monarch of Sweden had been able to remain a quiet spectator , and that this force was destined against the most vulnerable parts of our empire . My lords , would not indignation have swelled the breast of every man in this country against a government so deficient and remiss ? Censure would then have been appropriate ; and at present I can not admit it to be so ; if the idea does exist . It is gratifying , my lords , to reflect upon the means employed to secure the navy of Portugal from the grasp of France , by recommending to that court to transfer the seat of their government to the Brazils ? It is gratifying to see one government of Europe prefer emigration to submission to France . My lords , I consider that event ( next to securing the Danish fleet ) the most consequential that has occurred since the commencement of this eventful war , and provided a strict friendship and liberal policy is pursued by both nations , the most beneficial result may be seen . It is gratifying also to reflect , my lords , that at the very moment when our merchants are deprived of their trade with Russia , so large a portion of the continent of America is thrown open to their enterprise . Upon our late transactions with Russia , my lords , I do not mean to dwell ; every one of your lordships must have read his majesty 's reply to the aspersions of the court of Petersburgh ; and every candid and impartial mind must be satisfied that the conduct of England is justified in a manner as honourable for the nation as creditable to those who framed that state paper ; but , my lords , I am anxious to extract some good out of this evil , and I 9 forebode a benefit to arise to this country from the dereliction of Russia ; I hope , my lords , we shall become independent of her for ever . If the legislature of these kingdoms will grant a liberal bounty to encourage the cultivation of hemp and flax , both at home and in the British colonies , we may yet live to greet the day of our quarrel with Russia , and even hail with satisfaction the inauspicious Treaty of Tilsit . With respect to the other powers of Europe , my lords , with the single exception of Sweden , they are prostrate at the feet of France , and until national energy and spirit returns , they must obey the mandates of their domineering master . But the conduct and spirit of the independent monarch of Sweden merits every eulogium ; may Ike be successful to the last , and may We grant him all that aid so pointedly recommended by his majesty , and which such constancy and courage deserve ! I trust , my lords , a British force will aid him in the Baltic , to defy his enemies , and that British gratitude will compensate any loss that he may be obliged to suffer , by transferring to him some of those colonies we can so well spare , and must soon take from our joint foes . My lords , I wish it was possible to animadvert with satisfaction upon the conduct of the United States of America ; local knowledge , obtained by me at the early periods of the French revolution , enables me to form a very decided opinion with respect to that