With respect to the policy of the measure , he maintained that a false view of it had been taken , particularly with regard to America . We were not to consider merely the greatness of the advantages which we derived from an intercourse with America , but also what would be our situation if America should submit to the decrees of Buonaparte . To preserve peace with America no one could be more anxious than he was . He wished well to America , first , because it was his duty as a man to wish well to every nation ; and next , because the welfare of America was materially connected with the interests of G. Britain . But he could not suffer the enemy both of G. Britain and America to make use of the one to destroy the other ; and his duty to his own country was clearly paramount to his regard for any other . He hoped these orders would not be productive of a war with America . Do not , my lords , he said with earnestness , bring on such an event , by arguing the case upon any such supposition . America , I trust , will still listen to the voice of truth ; she will see that the whole of this is owing to France ; and perhaps she may be at last sensible of the policy of joining with us in opposition to the wild and extravagant pretensions of a power whose object is to crush us both . contended , that France had not put her decrees into execution , and that we had no proof that neutrals would submit to them . As to the argument , that we had a right to hurt our enemy though a neutral might be injured consequently , he denied that we ought to do a great injury to a neutral in order to hurt , our enemy a little . Buonaparte could never have put his decrees in execution if we had not assisted him , and stopped our own goods while finding their way to the continental markets . Commerce was much more necessary to us than to France , and therefore it was folly in us to act upon these Orders , which only secured the attainment of the objects of France . He also strongly insisted upon the inconsistency of the conduct of ministers , who , while they were the loudest in extolling 477 the advantages of a commercial intercourse with South America , both in the case of Buenos Ayres and the Brazils , were so ready to put an end to our commerce with the continent , which was so much more valuable . He hoped the Orders would not be productive of a war with America , but even if they stopt short of this , they would be attended with most pernicious consequences . Lord Grenville began with observing , that it was common for speakers , in order to arrest the attention of their audience , to exaggerate the importance of their subject ; but , of the magnitude of the present subject , so far from its admitting of exaggeration , it was impossible for any eloquence to convey an adequate idea . He was glad to see that at last the public were becoming alive to its importance , and he ventured to predict , that the anxiety which was now felt concerning it would daily increase , as there was too much reason to dread that misfortune would be accumulated upon misfortune , should the , measures be persevered in which gave rise to this evening 's discussion . He was decidedly of opinion that the house ought to go into a committee upon the Orders in Council , because of the variety of questions which grew out of them , involving their legality or illegality , their constitutional or unconstitutional tendency , their policy or impolicy—in a word , their bearings upon the prosperity and the very existence of the country . It was the duty of the house , and he conjured them not