of Norfolk was then put and negatived . rose to move another amendment . The address implied an approbation of the rejection of the offered mediation of Russia . Instead of which he proposed to insert words , which would have the effect of stating , that their lordships could not but feel that their approbation must depend upon the circumstances of the case ; and that they therefore could not express any opinion upon the subject , until the necessary information was submitted to them.—This amendment was put , and also negatived without a division . The original Address was then agreed to , and ordered to be presented to his majesty in the usual form . A motion was made to 32 omit the fourth paragraph in the motion for an Address to the Throne ( viz . the paragraph respecting the Seizure of the Danish Fleet ) , and the question being put , '' That the said paragraph do stand part of the motion , '' the same was carried in the affirmative . Because no proof of hostile intention on the part of Denmark has been adduced , nor any case of necessity made out , to justify the attack upon Copenhagen , without which , the measure is , in our conception , discreditable to the character , and injurious to the interests of this Country . W. FREDERICK , VASSAL HOLLAND , RAWDON , NORFOLK , LAUDERDALE , SIDMOUTH . GREY , for the above reasons , and for those that follow : —Because , It has only been through the slow and painful progression of many ages , that civilized nations have emerged from a state of continual insecurity and violence , by the establishment of an universal public law , whose maxims and precedents have been long acknowledged to he of the same force and obligation , as the municipal constitutions of particular states . A system which has gradually ripened with the advancement of learning and the extension of commerce , and which ought to be held sacred and inviolate by all governments , as binding the whole civilized world under one politic and moral dominion.—Because , Alleged departures from the principles and authority of this public law , in the earliest stages of the French Revolution , were held out by the parliament of Great Britain , as the origin and justification of the first war with revolutionary France , and because in all its subsequent stages , the continuance of hostilities was uniformly vindicated in various acts of state , as being necessary for the support of the moral and political order of the world , against the avowed disregard and subversion of it by the different governments of France , in their groundless and unprovoked attacks upon the independence of unoffending nations.—Because , The people of G. Britain , on being repeatedly called upon by the King and Parliament to support the public law , thus alleged to have been violated , and to exhibit an example to the most distant ages , of inflexible national virtue , submitted to the heaviest burdens , and sacrificed the most essential advantages , rather than consent to any 33 peace , which was considered by their government as an abandonment of their allies , or as an inadequate security for the rights and privileges of other nations : and because it appears in many State Papers , during the progress of the wars with the different governments of France , that it was the duty and the interest of G. Britain , and her pledge to the world , to maintain inviolate the acknowledged principles of public law , as the only foundations upon which the relations of peace and , amity between nations could be supported.—Because , It is the first and most indispensable maxim of public law , founded indeed upon the immutable principles of justice , that no violence should be offered by one state to another , nor any intrusion made upon the rights , property , independence or security of its inhabitants , except upon an aggression by such state , and the refusal