that sort of confidence in any man , as to allow him to make partial extracts out of documents as they might suit his purpose . Indeed , he had refused it to a person more considerable than the right hon . gent . ; he meant the late Mr. Pitt . He did not object to the right hon . gent . taking to himself the temporary triumph of a debate by a little tricking , or perhaps to continue that triumph for the day after the debate , but it was too much that he should claim the continuance of the triumph for a week together ; when the whole of it was founded upon a fallacy , it was too much to endeavour to keep the country in a state of delusion . There was this difference between ministers . and their opponents : the opponents of ministers had done every thing in their power to make the case clear to the public view—ministers every thing in their power to keep matters in the dark . They now talked of the thanks of the house and of the public , and indeed they were perhaps nearly as well entitled to them as some who had them . He would put them to the test . Would they desire any young man of warm wishes for them , to move the approbation of the house to 392 them for their conduct on the Copenhagen Expedition ? He ventured to say they dared not . But ministers said , 'Why do not you move a vote of censure against us ? Such a challenge , said the hon . gent . comes with a bad face from men who have the evidence of their conviction in their pockets , but will not produce it . If the right hon . gent . will give me the evidence upon which he founded his proceedings against Copenhagen , I pledge myself to bring forward the motion of censure ; but he knows in his heart he has no such evidence to produce.—He wished to put the house upon its guard against being cajoled into a belief that ministers had a tittle of proof for their justification . There was no such thing in existence , and he dared them to the production of any thing that could warrant the bombarding a neutral town , and murdering innocent men , women , and children . But if the full documents were to be withheld upon this subject , what an idea would go down to posterity , when such a motion should appear on the journals to have been opposed by his majesty 's ministers ! observed , that the vote of the former night must have proceeded upon one of two grounds . It must either have proceeded from a conviction of the satisfactoriness of the extracts of the papers produced , or from a general conviction of the necessity of the measure . The nature of the war was now greatly altered from what it was . We were now fighting for nothing less than self-defence , and our existence as a nation . France had subjugated nearly the whole continent of Europe , and it did not behove this country to remain inactive , till she had collected means to form an attack against us . Ministers , he conceived , had acted wisely in anticipating the steps which France was known to have in contemplation . If we had the fullest proof of the good inclinations of Denmark to this country , but were at the same time convinced that she was unable to resist the confederacy formed against her , ministers , in his opinion , were justified in having acted as they had done . He should therefore oppose the production of the papers moved for . begged leave to recall to the attention of the house what was the real motion they were then debating . His hon . friend had moved for two papers , one of which had been granted , but as to the other it was to be refused , which