the province of Oude , of Bengal , and Benares , and comparing the revenues of these several districts with the number of miles , he discovered that , for every square mile in Bengal , that there is a revenue of 32l . : do . Benares , 40l . 10s . : do . Oude , 51l . 10s . : that it was therefore quite clear that Oude is in a more flourishing state than Bengal or Benares . Mr. Lushington was perfectly astonished at this statement . Did not the honourable member know , that cultivation and population were the sources of revenue , and not the number of barren square miles ? Great part of Bengal was occupied by forests and jungles . It might with as much reason be contended , that America , having more square miles than Great Britain , ought to produce more revenue . If this be the sort of knowledge which the honourable member possessed of India , Mr. Lushington was happy that his information of its revenues was of a very different nature . He would not , however , trespass upon the patience of this house , by enlarging more upon this calculation.—The same hen . member ( Mr. Johnstone ) , resided for some time in India , 1136 had also stated , that the fear of invasion from Zemaun Shah was an annual alarm ; and that , after a particular season of the year , it passed away , and was no more heard of . It might be very well for that honourable member sitting in security in this house , to treat this danger with derision ; but Mr. L. was not satisfied to form his judgment of this peril upon the present indifference of the hon members feelings . He chose rather to refer to the opinion of sir James Craig , who commanded upon the frontier on that occasion : and who , that is acquainted with the fortitude of that officer 's mind , could believe him more likely to be influenced by a groundless apprehension than the honourable member , Mr. Johnstone ? That gallant officer gave it as his opinion , at that dangerous moment , that an army of 20,000 men was necessary to repel what the hon . member was pleased to call an idle alarm : and , far from thinking Zemaun Shah was not likely to complete his expedition , he apprehended his army might reach the frontier before he was in condition to receive him ; he feared that , by the celerity of his march , Zemaun Shah might anticipate our preparations.—Mr . Lushington here read sir James Craig 's letters upon this subject ; and he begged particular attention of the house to the first sentence , because it was too descriptive of the present disgraceful condition of this country.—Extract of a letter from sir James Craig , K. B. to the governor-general , marquis Wellesley , dated 13th Oct. 1798 . They are quarrelling among themselves at Delhi , without seeming much to think of the danger with which they are threatened . The Attock is but about 400 coss from Delhi ; a space that may , with the utmost ease , be marched in six weeks , and that without adverting at all to the celerity with which the Shahs army is reported to move . if ( and it is no very improbable supposition ) , despising the Seiks , whose behaviour , in 1796 , was no wise such as to give him cause to hold them in high estimation , the Shah should adopt a bold step , and , leaving a corps of troops to keep them in awe , he should move on with rapidity , in the view of anticipating the Mahrattas at Delhi , he may be there in a time that I almost tremble to think of . It is utterly impossible , my lord , that he might anticipate our preparations.—I know not what to say with respect to the nabob 's troops : I Would be content