means that could bring the enemy to a sense of his own blind violence and injustice ; in short , it was one which promised to operate the salvation of the country—an effect which experience already began to prove had taken place to no small extent . As to the charges of inhumanity and cruelty which were affixed to the measure by the noble lords opposite , he could not but be surprised to hear them from the lips of the noble baron ( Grenville ) , who was himself the author of a measure in 1794 , which evidently tended to starve the population of France without any distinction . could not help making this observation ; that the price at which bark had been procured for the British army in 1805 , was only one shilling lower than that at which it was known to be now selling at Paris . What , then ; could be expected from the pressure which it was likely to produce on the enemy ? The question was now eagerly called for , and the house divided on the third reading of the bill . Contents , 54 ; Proxies , 56—110 : Non-contents , 22 ; Proxies , 22—44 : Majority , 66. presented a clause by way of rider , with a view to indemnify individuals , who should be injured by the bill . Lord Hawkesbury opposed the clause , as laying down a bad precedent . It was rejected without a division.—The bill was then passed . [ PROTEST AGAINST THE JESUITS BARK BILL . ] `` Dissentient ; 1 . Because the jesuits ' bark , the exportation of which is prohibited by this bill , has been found by long experience to be a specific for many dangerous diseases which war has a tendency to spread at d to exasperate ; and because to employ as an engine of war the 1326 privation of the only remedy for some of the greatest sufferings which war is capable of inflicting , is manifestly repugnant to the principles of the christian religion , contrary to humanity , and not justified by any practice of civilized nations.—2 . Because the means to which recourse has been hitherto had in war , have no analogy to the barbarous enactment of this bill ; inasmuch as it is not even contended that the privation to be created by it has any tendency whatever to self-defence , or to compel the enemy to the restoration of peace ; the only legitimate object by which the infliction of the calamities of war can in any case be justified.—3 . Because the only possible answer to these objections is , that the bill will not produce the privation which is held forth as its ostensible object , inasmuch as the jesuits bark may be exported under licences front the crown ; but such an answer would only prove the bill to be wholly useless to its purposes , whilst it would still leave in its full operation the odious precedent of having resorted , in cold blood , for the mere speculative sale of our manufactures , even to the possible infliction of miseries not to be vindicated but by the view of self-preservation , or , in the extremities of war , directed to that justifiable object.—4 . Because , as no scarcity of the jesuits ' bark appears to exist in France , and as , in the contrary case , no possible exertion on the part of this country could effectually prevent its importation into the numerous ports under the dominion or controul of the French government , the bill appears to us to be grossly vicious in principle , whilst it is absolutely nugatory in practice , and therefore in every point of view , disgraceful and absurd.—5 . Because if it were even just , expedient , or practicable , to force the importation of our manufactures upon our enemies , by withholding the jesuits ' bark but upon condition of their permitting such importation , that principle should have been distinctly expressed in the bill , and the