the slightest danger . As to the acts evincing the hostile feeling of Denmark , is it to be con- 20 tended , that acts , long since buried in oblivion , are now to be raised up again to prove the hostility of Denmark ? Is it because she was hostile in 1801 , that she must be hostile in 1807 ? But , it is said , that Denmark was not disposed to resist the demands of France , and yet it was owing to her sending her troops into Holstein to resist the encroachments of France , that our expedition conquered Zealand , and seized the Danish fleet . It is said , however , that , had Denmark been disposed to resist France , she was unable ; and an inference of this nature has been drawn from an allegation , stated to have been made by that power in 1801 , that she joined the coalition against this country , because she was unable to resist the power of Russia . This statement , I am inclined to think , is incorrect . In those transactions in 1801 , I bore a part , until about February or March in that year ; and I am positive that no such Declaration was then made by Denmark , nor do I think , from the facts of the case , that it could be made afterwards ; because Denmark was not incidentally drawn into the coalition , but was the main instrument in forming the league ; but , although she might make such an assertion , for the purpose of softening her conduct towards England , yet it does not at all bear upon the present case . It is contended , however , that if the French troops occupied Holstein , Zealand must fall of course ; but this is not at all proved . On the contrary , there are between Holstein and Zealand two passages of the sea , the one six and the other sixteen miles wide , which a French army must cross to invade Zealand , and where they might be met with effect by British or Danish ships . If it is to be contended that Zealand must fall , if Holstein were occupied by French troops , it might as well be said , that England must be conquered by the French , because they occupy the continent of France , there being only a channel 21 miles broad between Dover and Calais , only five miles wider than the passage between Holstein , and Zealand . I am aware that the latter ' passage is sometimes frozen over ; but still the difficulties of transporting a large army over such a breadth of ice , and with all the articles necessary for such a force , would be a most insuperable obstacle.—Thus , the case with respect to Denmark rests entirely upon assumptions in the first instance , which are afterwards magnified into assertions , and at length introduced , by ministers , as facts into the speech delivered this 21 day to parliament ; a conduct highly reprehensible , and deserving the severest reprobation . It has been argued , however , by the noble earl who spoke last , that the expedition to Copenhagen had a precedent in the expedition to Constantinople . If it is meant to be contended , that the expedition to Constantinople was an instance of bad faith , how is that to justify another instance of bad faith ? if the late ministers were wrong in advising the expedition to Turkey , let them be condemned ; but do not let them have the mortification of having it quoted as a justification of an act of bad faith . The facts , however , are , that the expedition to Turkey was chiefly in conformity with the treaty with Russia , and that its object was , not to seize the Turkish fleet , but to compel the execution of treaties.— With respect to the other points of the speech , I can not help lamenting , that ,