motion for this paper , and that they would compel the right hon . gent . opposite to produce it . There were other papers for which he should subsequently move , and to the production of which he did not know whether any , or what extent of objection , existed on the part of his majesty 's government . They were as follow : `` A copy of the answer that had been made by his majesty 's minister , at the court of St. Petersburgh , to the Note from gen. Budberg , dated the 30th June , 1807 ; or any Instructions that he had received on that subject , from his majesty 's government . '' it was scarcely possible to suppose , that the British ambassador had not returned an answer to a Note , containing such heavy charges against the British government . If he had not , let it be said so ; if he had , let the answer be produced . 2 . `` A copy of the dispatches from the British minister to the court of St. Petersburgh , transmitted to his majesty 's principal secretary of state for foreign affairs , containing a confirmation of the assurances alluded to in the Note from lord G. L. Gower to gen. Budberg , dated Memel , 28th June , 1807 , referring to a declaration made by his Imperial majesty at Tilsit , to the British ambassador , that no circumstances had occurred to weaken his attachment to Great Britain , satisfied as he was of the honour and fidelity of his Britannic majesty . '' 3 . `` A copy , or the substance of any assurances from this country , communicated to the court of St. Petersburgh after the commencement of the Russian war , with respect to any diversion on the continent by G. Britain , and particularly of the dispatches communicating the assurances alluded to in his majesty 's Declaration ; assurances , to which his majesty states , that his Imperial majesty had received , and acknowledged with apparent confidence and satisfaction . '' was desirous of speaking to two points , mentioned by the hon . gent . The first was with regard to the answer which he was supposed to have sent to gen. Budberg 's Note of the 30th of June 1807 . That Note contained charges of so heavy a nature against the British government , that he had thought it his duty personally to state , with respect , but at the same with courage , such reasons as occurred to him in their justification . He had done this not merely from respect for the character of the late 606 administration , but from the principle that , whatever party differences might exist at home , they ought not to influence the conduct of diplomatic agents at foreign courts . He had therefore put the emperor of Russia and his ministers in possession of the best defence that he could at the moment make . Subsequently , he had received from England copies of the correspondence between M. Alopeus and his right hon . friend . M. Alopeus 's Note contained charges similar to those conveyed to him in the note from gen. Budberg , with this difference , that M. Alopeus entered into a detail from which gen. Budberg had abstained . To M. Alopeus 's note an elaborate answer had been sent by his right hon . friend , which contained a most able defence of the conduct of his majesty 's late government . At the first conference which he had had with the Russian minister for foreign affairs , after the reception of this answer , he had called his attention to its contents , but had not thought it necessary to add any thing of his own . As to any copy which he might have sent to England of the conversation enjoyed by lord Hutchinson with the emperor of Russia , the fact was this : during the period that lord Hutchinson had been with the Russian army , he was in the