persevere in his original intention , and move tomorrow such alterations in the bill , as would restore it precisely to the state in which the last bill quitted the house for the house of lords . apprised the hon . gent . that such a proposition would be contrary to the course of parliamentary proceeding . then intimated , that he should propose to make the bill literally different from the last , though substantially the same . still declaring , that it was irregular to make such a proposition , stated , that he should probably move to extend the limitation to a term of 99 years . He expressed his desire , that the hon . gent . would postpone the bringing up of the report until Monday , to give time for a due consideration of the most effectual steps for the attainment of his object . replied , that as the subject was one of great public interest , and one which had excited considerable public attention , he was anxious that the bill should proceed with as little delay as possible . 1345 The hon . gent . might submit any amendments that he thought proper on the third reading . said , that he would prepare himself with some suitable amendments for to-morrow , as he was determined not to allow the bill to pass through another stage without submitting to the house his opinion on the subject . explained at some length his views upon this subject , and the objects of the bill ; which were to divide the court of session into two chambers of seven and eight judges , to give those courts certain powers of making regulations with respect to proceedings , and with respect to interim executions , whilst appeals were pending ; and also to issue a commission to ascertain in what case it might be proper to establish a trial by jury . With respect to this mode of trial , his lordship observed , that he had been upbraided out of doors with using language upon this subject which he had never applied to it ; he joined in all those eulogiums which had been passed upon the trial by jury , and to which , in this country , he felt that we owed our happiness and our liberty ; but it did not follow that it was equally applicable to Scotland ; nor was it a politic or proper mode of proceeding to force that mode of trial upon a country where , in civil cases , its benefits were not understood or appreciated . He thought it would require considerable deliberation and caution to ascertain to what cases the trial by jury might be properly applied . With respect to the bill , he wished it to be committed before toe recess ; but that the house should not stand committed by the amendments then made , and therefore that the bill should be recommitted after the recess . still thought that it would be better to divide the court of session into three chambers , than two . Upon a subject of this nature , he thought it was the preferable mode to consult the interests of those to whom justice was to be administered , rather than the opinion of those by whom it was administered , however re- 1346 spectable ; as the latter were liable to be actuated on such a subject , by prejudices which he would denominate laudable prejudices , but which would , nevertheless , stand in the way of that complete measure which was wanted . With respect to trial by jury , he thought there ought to be a stronger recommendation of it in the bill than there was at present , a stronger indication of the opinion of the legislature in its favour . referred to an opinion of lord Mansfield , respecting a proposition , to introduce gradually the trial by jury in civil cases into Scotland , and observed , that after the doubts expressed upon this subject by that eminent lawyer , he might well hesitate with respect