to Mr. Erskine , and to the memorial of lord Holland and lord Auckland to the American commissioners , from both of which it would be seen that the further proceeding which the late ministers proposed to take against neutrals , were only in case they acquiesced in the French decree . They did not call upon neutrals to resist that decree , as the learned gent . argued ; and therefore the assertion was unfounded , that the present ministers acted upon the principles of their predecessors . According to these principles , America , not having acquiesced , should not have been proceeded against upon the grounds stated . Indeed , the faith of the British government was pledged to America in the dispatches he had referred to , that no such proceedings should be . taken.—The right hon . gent . laughed at the idea of reducing the tone of the enemy , or pressing him to peace , by any privations the operation of this bill might produce upon the continent . We might refuse our jesuits ' bark to the French soldiers ; we might inflict pains and penalties by the acrimony of statutes upon those who were saved from the severity war ; but the calculation was contemptible , that by such an expedient , or by refusing tea and sugar , we could coerce the French or Spaniards , or least 1075 of all Buonaparte . On the contrary , we should only enable that potentate to injure our reputation and inflame the prejudices of his subjects against us . Therefore this measure would not injure the enemy , while it would expose us to odium.—With regard to the commercial effects of the bill before the house , the question was , whether it would be politic in us to deprive France of her commerce ? Such might be the policy -of Buonaparte , but it could not be ours ; for France deprived of commerce , would become more formidable to us ; she would become a nation of soldiers . But if the commerce of the continent were done away , what was to become of the commerce of England ? France and England would return to their natural relations , and if so , the advantage must be on the side of the enemy ; therefore it was quite absurd for England to talk of destroying commerce.—But the effect of this measure upon Ireland was peculiarly alarming , and must be more so . Flax seed , so essential to her staple trade , was , in the proportion of four-fifths of her annual consumption , imported from America , as appeared from accounts on the table . It was said that the stoppage of the continental trade would give the Irish trade an advantage , by excluding the competition of the linens of Germany ; but what was the fact ? At the last Irish market the sale of linen was not beyond one-fifth of its usual quantity , while its price was depreciated at the rate of ten per cent . for home consumption , and twenty per cent . for the foreign market . Another , and a serious injury to Ireland , would result from the loss of its commerce with America , in consequence of the supply of staves ; one of those articles which she annually used in her provision trade , and for other purposes , and imported from that country . Ireland , therefore , must be peculiarly affected by an American war ; indeed , she suffered so much by the Orders in Council , that should they be persisted in , some separate provision ought to be made for that country.—An American war , however , appeared to the right hon . gent . to be much more dangerous on other grounds than any that could arise out of mere commercial considerations . He called upon the British parliament to consider the consequences of separating Great Britain and America , and thus dividing and weakening the only force that remained in the world , to sustain the character of liberty