of candour would have formed , 832 of such a request made by France , that I must pass it over without comment . Very soon after , is revived the difficulty about a basis , and a complaint is made , that no intimation is given of the basis upon which it is proposed to negotiate . The answer to that , I have before given . If you think a basis indispensible , it must be presumed that you are prepared with one ; if you are prepared with one , why , instead of raising a difficulty with regard to the enemy , do you not level the difficulty by making a communication of your own basis ? It is then observed , that if ever it could have been matter of doubt , whether the previous settlement of a basis of negociation were necessary to the hope of its successful termination , the experience of the last negociation with France would have placed that question beyond controversy . Sir , undoubtedly I think it would , but not in the way intended by Mr. Secretary Canning . I think that the preliminary condition of a basis was the bane of that negociation . That its introduction into the discussions was fatal to them , and that owing to the insisting upon the preliminary basis , it was impossible to ascertain whether peace could or could not have been accomplished.—Then comes a paragraph which in itself is perfectly unexceptionable ; and if it had been sent to Paris , accompanied only by one or two preceeding sentences of form , and one or two succeeding sentences of conciliation , a negociation might have now been on foot . The paragraph runs thus , `` his majesty is willing to treat with France , but he will treat only on a footing of perfect equality ; he is ready to treat with the allies of France , but the negociation must equally embrace the allies of G . Britain . '' Had the answer been confined to that one paragraph , and the reply on the part of France had been in the negative ; no question would have remained that she was insincere , and there would have been an end of the whole matter . Had the answer been in the affirmative , no obstacle to negociation could have presented itself . Another unnecessary difficulty is raised in the course of this note , and a punctilio created between this court and the court of the Thuilleries , which , but for the ingenuity of the secretary of state , would never have existed . I am not aware of any inconvenience which has ever resulted from the negociation carried on at Paris . I do not recollect that lord Malmsbury stated any inconvenience arising from this source , and 833 I do not know of any circumstance in the mission of the earls of Lauderdale and Yarmouth , that should induce England to declare positively that she never would again send negotiators to Paris . I know that my view of the negociation of 1806 is not that which is taken by the right hon . gentlemen over against me , and I perfectly well recollect , the delay in giving passports to lord Lauderdale was dwelt upon with great indignation and acrimony by those right hon . gentlemen ; but I viewed that circumstance in a light very different from them ; and at all events they will allow me to recall to their recollection , that admitting the demand of passports had not been attended to with the respect and promptitude which is due to all such demands made by a negotiator in the country of the enemy ; an apology for the delay was both demanded and made ; and that lord Lauderdale did not renew his conferences , until he had obtained the satisfaction due to his court . Here , however , is an unnecessary difficulty created . You profess only to be upon a footing of equality with France , she offers you a place of negociation which you