noticing the highly unparliamentary conduct of the noble lord who bore his majesty 's privy seal , in charging noble lords on that side of the house , with having made it their business , for the last month , to do nothing else but repeat the language of the enemies of the country . Such language was highly indecorous at any time ; but it was still more so , at a moment when the manufacturers and merchants of the country were seen at their lordships bar , professing , and adducing evidence in support of similar arguments to those which he and other noble lords had maintained , His lordship could 1324 not believe that any British peer , or , indeed , that any British subject , could be found , at the present moment , vile enough even in idea to countenance the enemies of the country . If however such a sentiment could he imputed to any one , it must be to those who could support an administration capable of introducing measures like the present . supported the bill , as consistent with sound policy , and the law of nature . took a comprehensive view of the subject . He particularly cautioned the house to look well at the consideration they were to receive as the price of the honour , justice , and humanity of the country . The assertion of the noble lord ( Mulgrave ) that we were entitled to resort to whatever species of warfare might be adopted against us , he confessed surprized him not a little . Were we , if at war with a nation of Indians , because they might scalp our men who fell into their hands , to retaliate on them by scalping their people in return ? If at war with the Persians , and they poured poisoned weapons into our tents , were we too to poison the weapons with which we fought ? If they poisoned our streams of water , were we to retaliate by poisoning their fountains ? If they employed assassination against us , were we to turn our swords from fair and honourable warfare , to match them in deeds of treachery and disgrace ? Such , he thanked God , had never been our system of waging war ; nor , till the present measures were introduced , had we ever sacrificed a particle of our national character . It had been remarked , that one of the greatest ornaments of the city of Lyons was an hospital for the sick and infirm ; when that city was attacked by Robespierre , he ordered his cannon to be directed principally against this structure , as being an object the destruction of which gave peculiar delight to his sanguinary and inhuman disposition . In adopting the present measure , we endeavoured to assimilate ourselves to that monster of inhumanity ; for what else was the present bill , but a cannon directed against the hospitals on the continent ? The bill , however , had this additional disadvantage , that it was completely futile and inadequate . So that all we should gain by the measure would be , to evince the inclination , without possessing the power , to do evil . in answer to the noble lord who spoke last , referred to an 1325 act of the administration of which that noble lord was a member , by which the importation of provisions into France was prohibited , and asked , if it was possible for any person to have acquiesced in that measure , and yet to argue as the noble lord had done against that now under consideration ? defended the bill with great force and animation . He contended , that in no respect was it inconsistent with justice and humanity , or sound policy , but conformable to the practice of this country at all times . The present measure was but a link in the series of measures which had been imperiously called for , by the urgent necessity of retaliation , and of the agency of every