, and Mr. Ponsonby , the house divided upon Mr. Wynne 's motion : Ayes , 29 ; Noes , 56 ; Majority , 27. rose , agreeably to notice , to move that Rd . Wharton , esq . having been elected chairman of the committees of ways and means and supply , be excused from giving his attendance on the Committee of Finance , of which , previous to his appointment to the chair of the public committees of this house , he had been a member , and that the name of John William Ward be inserted as a member of the Committee of Finance in his place . The hon . gent . in alluding to the appointment of Mr. Wharton to the chair of the public committees , expressed his confidence that there was management in that nomination ; and also expressed a hope that the hon . member 1310 who was the subject of the motion , would acquit him of any personal disrespect towards him , and would believe the motion to be directed , as it really was , and not against him , but against the office of chairman of the committee of ways and means . When he had originally the honour to suggest such a committee to the house , he pointed out the propriety of excluding all persons holding places under government from any share in its deliberations ; and accordingly , when it was nominated , and it happened that a noble viscount , not now in his place , was named as one , his appointment was afterwards done away , on this specific ground , that he held a sinecure in Ireland . The hon . mover was aware it might be argued , that the hon . gent . to whom he objected , was not appointed to the situation he held , by the government , but by the house . The motion which he had to make , was so framed , as to acknowledge this fact . But , surely , it must be allowed , that the treasury bench designated and marked out the person to fill that situation , who might be said to be under the patronage of the chancellor of the exchequer . The hon . member confessed that the chairman of ways and means was elected by a vote of the house , but still it could not be denied , that he was proposed and supported by the chancellor of the exchequer ; and he wished , and the public had a right to expect , that the members of the Committee of Finance should be like Cæsar 's wife , not pure merely , but unsuspected . If persons once appointed members of a Committee of Finance , were not to be removed on account of any change in situation which they might undergo , we might see before the termination of a parliament , 24 or 25 men , who had been appointed members of that committee because they held no office nor place under government , all enjoying places or pensions before they came to make their report . If these men were to continue members of the committee , it would be equally proper that placemen should originally have been eligible ; or , indeed , that no committee had been appointed . As to the office of chairman of the committee of ways and means , he conceived it to be equally objectionable as any other . He regarded it as being an office so completely at the disposal of the treasury bench , that the duties of it might well be discharged by any one of the members of that bench who had least to do ; and if he found that the report the Finance Committee , from its tone and 1311 manner , warranted him in expecting any support to the motion , he should once call the attention of the house to that subject . He could not suppose a man , holding such a place as this , could be a jealous guardian of the