bill to Ireland and Scotland had been suggested to him ; but as in those parts of the empire parochial relief was not afforded to the lower classes , some measure of a different description must be devised to meliorate the condition of these unhappy wretches in those countries . perfectly agreed with his hon . friend that some measure was loudly called for in Ireland , to relieve the distress of the pauper and criminal lunatics , the imprisonment and treatment of whom , in that country , afforded a most disgraceful spectacle . He could never be reconciled to the grounds on which the bill that he had , himself , submitted to the house on this subject , had been rejected.—Leave was granted to bring in the bill . stated the object of the bill , which , he said , had been miscalled a bill of privation , as it went to allow the exportation of bark upon certain conditions . Information had been received , that the French government , wishing to obtain a supply of this article , had given directions that this article should be . admitted into the French ports , although coming from this country , provided it formed the sole cargo of the vessel . It was thought a little too much , that the enemy should not only obtain this article of which he stood in need , but should also obtain it upon his own terms ; and therefore this measure was resorted to , in order that the enemy might be prevented from obtaining a supply of this article , unless he took with it British colonial produce , or British manufactures . He could not conceive , therefore , that this bill was liable to any of those objections which had been urged against it . A noble and learned lord had , on a former night , urged an objection to it on the ground of religion ; but surely there could be nothing inconsistent with the dispensations of Providence in assisting and promoting human industry . notwithstanding the arguments of the noble earl , still maintained the opinion which he before urged , that this measure was contrary to the dictates of religion and the principles of humanity ; and so strongly did he feel upon this subject , that he intended , in case the house agreed to the bill , to embody the reasons which operated in his mind against it in the form of a protest , that they might remain upon the journals of the house , and go down to posterity . It could not be said to be analogous to the case of a siege , because there the object was , in forcing the besieged to endure privations , to compel them to surrender , by which they might put an end to those privations ; but by this measure , sickness and disease were to be bereft of a medicine , which was an effectual remedy , and this without any object to be attained , but that of distressing the innocent inhabitants of the continent . Such a mode of warfare was inconsistent with the dictates of the christian religion ; and he rejoiced , that on this occasion , the reverend prelates who usually attended that house , did not attend to vote in favour of this measure . As to the information stated by the noble 1322 earl to have been received , that house knew nothing of it , and therefore it could not form a ground for supporting this measure . contended , that the principle upon which supplies were cut off from a besieged town equally applied to this measure , and to the measures of which it formed a part : and he thought it highly probable , that they would have a similar effect with the cutting off supplies from a besieged town , within a period not longer even than some of the sieges during the last war , by forcing the enemy to repeal his decrees against the commerce of this country . The principle of