had so principal a share in that transaction , . It had been thought by the hon . gentlemen opposite , that in the speech of his noble friend they had found something . derogating from the policy of that confederacy ; on the ground that the administration of that day were content to sacrifice to its accomplishment a question in which the country had ever felt deeply 1366 interested . and in which it must now feel more deeply interested than ever—the maritime rights of England . The reverse of this was the fact . If the hon . gent . had attended accurately to his noble friend , he must have been convinced , that the form of the declaration was of itself a proof , that it was not a matter of concession . Had it been so , it would have made part of the price of that concession : it would have made part of the treaty . What was it , that at that time , under the appellation of 'the law of nations , ' attracted the attention of Europe ? So far was this term from applying to our maritime right , that it never happened that in any public document the maritime code was meant or mentioned . What were the cases to which that expression referred ? The recent seizure of the duke D'Enghien on neutral territory , and dragging him to slaughter ; the recent seizure of a British minister ( sir T. Rumbold ) , on neutral territory , and carrying him prisoner to France . Did the hon . gent . see nothing in this seizure of a British minister , and this murder of a French prince , but that which must attract the attention of the continent to the maritime code of Great Britain ? On that maritime code , a separate provision had been proposed , in an article to which his noble friend on the part of G. Britain had refused to be a party . By the first of the papers which would be produced , in consequence of the motion before the house , being a dispatch dated the 7th of April , it would be found , that his noble friend had declared , that no consideration whatever , not even the certainty of a total rupture with the confederating powers , would induce him to consent to the proposition made by the Russian minister , to submit the maritime code of G. Britain to a congress of the great powers of Europe ; and that he was fully authorised to declare , that the British government would never consent to such a reference or interference . Was this the language , were these the symptoms , of concession ? Unquestionably , after the rejection of the article proposed , after the signature of the treaty , his noble friend had received and transmitted home the Declaration alluded to ; but he had it not in his discretion to refuse to do this ; and he accompanied the reception of the Declaration with a strong expression of his regret , that his imperial majesty had thought it necessary to make it , and with a firm repetition of what he knew to be the sentiments of court on the subject . Did 1367 his noble friend forfeit the favour of his sovereign by this conduct ? Were his majesty 's ministers lukewarm on the occasion ? On the contrary , as would appear by the papers when produced , on the reception of the treaty , lord Mulgrave wrote to his noble friend , expressing his majesty 's approbation of his proceedings , and declared his majesty 's determination not to submit his rights of maritime war to any mediation whatever . This was during Mr. Pitt 's administration . Nor was this determination concealed from the foreign ministers ; for the copy of a letter of the same date from lord Mulgrave to the Russian ambassador would be produced , in which his lordship expressed similar sentiments ; declared that no statesman would ever be found in this country