its peaceable inhabitants , and finally obtaining possession of it , bring home all the ships in its harbour , and all the stores in its arsenal.—This is the transaction which the ministers are bound to justify not only to the consciences of a majority of this house , but to the complete satisfaction of every honest man in the nation , and every reflecting man in Europe , since his majesty confesses in his declaration of the 25th of Sept. 'That he owes to himself and to Europe a frank exposition of the motives which dictated his late measures in the Baltic . '—And since he adds , feeling it to be a cruel necessity , 'He did forbear as long as there could be a doubt of the urgency of the danger , or a hope of counteracting the means and dispositions of Denmark'—Whether such a frank exposition of the motives of the measure has been given : Whether every doubt of the urgency of the danger has been removed : Whether not a hope did remain of counteraction by any but the violent means employed ? These are the questions , this is the issue Which the house is now to try , and in trying it , the house itself is on its trial , and every man in it too on his own trial , before the face of this country , of Europe , and of the world.—The Justifications are , 1 'That France designed to obtain possession of the Fleet , by seizing Jutland and Holstein . 2 . That Russia had combined with France for this purpose . 3 . That Denmark had intrigued 1189 with the enemy , and was hostile . 4 . That Denmark though friendly , was unable to resist . 5 . That the danger arising from these facts , was certain , urgent and so extreme , as to create a case of urgent , paramount necessity , leaving his majety 's ministers no choice ; but , while it was yet time , to seize the ships , and that they might obtain them , to besiege and fire the city and destroy its peaceable inhabitants'—1 . Of the first there is no dispute —It is saying nothing to say that France is hostile , ambitious , active , unprincipled , ready to break all laws divine and human , to obtain her purposes . This we know , and knowing , have not hitherto dreaded her power , or so dreaded it , as to take , till lately , cruel and impolitic counsel of our fears.—Violent and intemperate as the ruler of the French is , it may be said of him as it was of Philip of old , that in one respect , you may never doubt his veracity : you may always believe him when he threatens . Yet even in using this plea , his majesty 's ministers have contrived to put themselves in the wrong , or at least to render themselves subject to contradiction , by stating in the declaration that they had positive information of the enemy 's determination , which assertion the Crown Prince mentions with indignation , as founding the attempt on mere vague rumour , and pretended information.—The whole amount , too , of the alledged information , extends only to their making preparations for collecting a force . —2nd . 'That Russia had combined with France , for the purpose of putting the fleet into the possession of France'—See declaration against Russia , p. 4. and Mr. Canning 's dispatch 28th Sept. p. 9 . Of this combination the only proofs offered are , an assertion that such a confederacy formed part of the secret arrangements at Tilsit ; and another assertion , that information to this effect had arrived from Portugal.—This intelligence could not have arrived in time to occasion the expedition ; nor is it to be depended on , since it came from that Portuguese minister who had misled us in his communications to a former ministry , respecting the arrival of the French at Bayonne . This ,