the said statutes , inasmuch as they direct that ships fraught to other places than this kingdom , and even to ports belonging to his majesty 's allies , may be compelled to come to the ports of this realm , or of its dependencies , and there to abide under such restrictions or regulations as his majesty may be advised to impose upon them ; and also inasmuch as they direct that the goods laden in such vessels shall not be cleared out again from such ports , without having been , in some cases , previously entered and landed ; nor , in other cases , without having obtained from his majesty 's officers licences to depart , which licences such Officers are not , by any known law of this realm , authorised to grant . '' maintained that the Orders in Council were not only conformable to the precepts of the law of this country , but to the principles of the law of nations . The first part of this proposition he rested upon what he described as a fair interpretation both of the common and statute law , from the enactment of Magna Charta down to the last statute which applied to the subject . As to the second part , he would beg the house to consider what was meant by the law of nations . It was formed of an accumulation of the dicta of wise men in different ages , and applying to different circumstances , but none resembling in any respect such a state of things as at present existed in the world . Indeed , none of the writers upon the subject of this law appeared to have such a state in their contemplation . But yet nothing was to be found in their writings which did not fully warrant the right of self-defence and retaliation . Upon that 972 right the present ministers acted in advising those Orders in Council , and upon the same right their predecessors issued the Order of the 7th of Jan. which rested for justification upon precisely the same grounds which he and his colleagues pleaded on the case referred to in the motions before the house . That both the former and the latter proceedings were agreeable to the law of nations , he would be always ready to contend . He saw , indeed , quite enough to sustain the Orders in Council in the letter of the noble lord ( Howick ) to the Danish minister . That letter , which in his judgment was a most able expose of the law of nations as applied to the case , clearly marked out the course which the government of this country was justified and bound to pursue under the circumstances which arose out of the extraordinary acts of the enemy . That course , therefore , the present ministers followed ; and if in prosecuting a just resentment against the enemy neutral powers were affected , it was the inevitable effect of the peculiar situation in which we were placed , and should be considered by such neutrals as damnum absque injuria.—After a variety of observations upon the nature and tendency of the Orders in Council , which he contended throughout to rest upon precisely the same principle which gave birth to the Order of Jan. 1807 , the noble lord concluded with stating , that as the three first Resolutions of his noble friend were self-evident propositions , it was unnecessary to declare them by any vote of that house . The fourth Resolution he regarded as quite inapplicable to the question ; and the remainder being wholly exceptionable in his opinion , he should move the previous question upon the whole . rose . He began by observing , that the whole of the speech of the learned lord who had just sat down , was a laboured attack upon the late ministers under cover of an ironical defence , Such a speech might do very well for a party purpose ; but it contained no illustration of principle , no deduction of argument applicable to the great