who had no Common judge , or no superior tribunal to appeal to . If he should be able to prove , that there was such a measure of self-preservation and urgency as to justify the measure , it would be confessed that it was executed in the mildest manner possible ; and that this country had put forward no greater degree of force and violence , than was absolutely necessary to accomplish those objects which appeared to his majesty 's advisers to be of the most urgent and indispensable necessity.—In stating the grounds upon which he considered the measure to be strictly justifiable , he should resolve them into the following heads : 1 . Whether the house believed that there was a design on the part of the enemy to form a great maritime confederacy against this country , and to lay hold of the fleet of Denmark to effect this purpose ; 2 . Whether it was practicable for him to carry this design into execution , either by absolute force or intimidation ; and , 3dly , Whether . the object was of sufficient magnitude and importance to justify a deviation from the 371 ordinary rules of proceeding . On the first point , as to the intention of Buonaparte , there could be little or no doubt . At the time of the signing of the Treaty of Tilsit , no one entertained a doubt but that it was his object to oblige all the maritime powers to join in a great confederacy against our commerce and our very existence as a nation . He never concealed that such was his intention . It was expressly stated in the French bulletins , and in many of the official papers . It appeared not only from these written documents , but from his practice . In his treaties with Mecklenburgh and Oldenburgh , as well as with Prussia , the exclusion of the British navy and commerce from all their ports was expressly stipulated . The justification of Prussia upon the subject , was , that it was not a particular measure with respect to her , but that it was a part of the general system of the continent , to which they were obliged to conform . Besides these general grounds which were , however , sufficient to remove every possibility of doubt , his majesty 's ministers acted from positive information which they had received , of the designs of France to force the navies of Denmark and Portugal to act hostilely against this country . Very shortly after his majesty 's present ministers came into office , they sent 10,000 men to Pomerania , to assist the king of Sweden , and had a fleet and considerable body of troops to send afterwards to the Baltic , as reinforcements to the cause of their ally . Before the sailing of this fleet , that information arrived which determined them to direct this force against Copenhagen . It was not unusual for parliament to act upon a fact distinctly stated to them by his majesty 's ministers ; but , in the present case , all the confidence which ministers required was , that parliament would believe them when they stated , that they at that time knew the fact , which every body knows at present , and of which there could not be a doubt . They had received the most authentic information from Portugal , that that country had been invited into a general confederacy against us , and to join her navy to that of Denmark and the other continental nations . A short time afterwards , the French minister at Lisbon , by a note dated the 12th of August , positively required that Portugal should make war against England ; that , she should seize the persons and properties of all Englishmen in Portugal ; and that they should join their fleet to that of Den- 372 mark and the other continental powers . Was there any body who could believe that Denmark alone was to be excepted from the nations of the continent , whom the