once fish , flesh , and fowl , though nothing more than the old half-eaten mouldy morsel on which this house has been fed , or rather starved , for so many years past . This fear is at war with our honour , trade , constitution , and with our security.—I own , sir , that herein I have discovered some proof of the sincerity of ministers , in their belief and fear of that extreme danger which they assert : —for fear , sir , confounds the understanding , disturbs the imagination , and suggests counsels the most absurd or the most mischievous . It magnifies what is little , and almost creates what does not exist . It sees giants in windmills and enchanters in flocks of sheep . It has so subdued the minds of his majesty 's counsellors , that , like the painter who had 1196 painted an infernal spirit , they have been driven out of their senses , by the image of their own formation.—Sir , had we lost our confidence in the navy of G. Britain , since its great and glorious victories at Trafalgar , and under sir Rd . Strachan , and at St. Domingo ? Was England in such danger in 1805 as that we then had thoughts of seizing on all the means of defence ? Is it a correct account of the state of the public mind then , and of the apprehensions of the ministers at that time , that we were trembling for our safety , because the combined fleet was at Cadiz . No , sir , all that was then wished for , and prayed for , was that which then did happen , the coming out of the hostile navy , and all that was then expected , was what did then take place ; a great , decisive , and honourable victory.—Sir , it seems to me , that is a clear , intelligible , decisive answer to the plea of necessity ; but it is clearer than the light of a summer 's day , if we attend to the great , the inestimable , the necessary addition to our force , or diminution of our fears , which is said to arise from the possession of the spoils of Denmark.—Saviours of their Country ! —Are , then , the valour and the discipline of the navy , the valour and the discipline of the army , the valour and discipline of the militia , the patriotism and the numbers of the Volunteers of so little value ? Are the virtues that animate these our real defenders , these our real saviours , of so little value , that they stand in need of a little fraud in the administration to eke them out , and render them equal to the defence of England ? They say , they have saved their country , by depriving Buonaparte of these ships.—They have stunned the lion , and not killed him.—No , sir , this is not the way to lay the . gigantic enemy in the dust.—Were , however , sir , this supposed case of necessity , ' supported by reasons less entitled to our contempt than those which have been urged , I must own that I think that there is one consideration which , in a sound and well reasoning mind , it would have been difficult to snrmount.—I trust , and I believe , that in declaring my trust in this , that I shall not be confessing . a vain , romantic , and unsubstantial faith , but . a solid , serious , and well-founded conviction.—I own , sir , that I. can not believe that such a change , such an awful change , has taken place in the world , as to render a breach of the law of nations , and a violation of neutrality , the necessary means of security , for a 1197 great and noble nation . It has never yet happened , and I am as confident , as I can be of the existence of any