. In six hours after his imperial majesty 's return to Petersburgh , the very first person to whom he gave audience was his Minister of Marine : the very first place he visited , was Cronstadt , and the first directions he gave , were for the equipment of the fleet , and the repair of the fortifications in that place , and this some time before the attack on Copenhagen took place . The noble lord remarked , that many persons in this country seemed to be of opinion that the expedition to Copenhagen was generally execrated on the continent . He could assure them , however , in so far as his experience went , that the contrary was the case , particularly in Russia . A great majority of the persons of consequence in that country rejoiced at the event which took place at Copenhagen , and those consisted not merely of what was called the English party , but others , who thought that Russia ought not to have entered into a war with France , and seemed to wish to insulate their country from the rest of Europe . These persons saw with alarm a French army in Poland , and another on the frontiers of Turkey , and they were happy at the check which the expedition to the Baltic gave to the views of Buonaparte , for they dreaded his hostility through Denmark . The noble lord also pointed out the inconvenience arising from the publication of what passed between his majesty 's ministers and the governments of other countries . Foreign ministers had frequently expressed an unwillingness to communicate freely with him , because they did not know but that what they stated might , perhaps , in the course of a year , be made public . contended , that ministers were not bound to lay before parliament all the information on which his majesty 's Declaration had been founded . The hon . gent . had dwelt much upon the circumstance of his majesty 's pleasure being taken on the expedition to Copen- 307 hagen on the 19th of July . The fact , however , was , that what passed on that day related only to sending a force to the Baltic , in order to ascertain the disposition of Denmark ; the final instructions to attack were sent out afterwards . The hen . gent . admitted that France had the disposition to seize the Danish navy , and the only question was the disposition of Denmark , which must be judged of from circumstances . The Court of Portugal had given repeated information , that the demand of France was , that the Portuguese navy should be joined to the other navies of the continent by the 1st of September . Besides this fact , he wished to call the attention of the house to what had passed at one of Buonaparte 's levees : in one of those extraordinary conversations in which that person was accustomed to indulge himself with foreign ambassadors , he addressed himself to the Portuguese minister , and asked him , whether he had transmitted to his court the demand that the navy of Portugal should be ready to unite with the other navies of Europe against England on the 1st of September. ? Having said this , he immediately turned round to the Danish minister , and asked him whether he had made the same communication to his court.—The noble lord , in answer to the charge that ministers had not gone tar enough , observed , that after it was found that Denmark could not be brought to any amicable arrangement , the practicability of holding Zealand as a military station was taken into consideration . But the reports of the officers , who had been desired to direct their attention to this subject , proved that the force necessary for the defence of that island was far greater than this country could spare in the state of military poverty in w inch the former administration had left us . It was also thought that it would have been