in which the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Huskisson , Mr. Rose , and Mr. Long , though they had no objection to the principle of the motion , yet put it to the hon . gent . whether , as this object was to be brought under the consideration of the Finance Committee , he would not delay pressing any motion upon it , till that committee should have reported thereon . They likewise stated , that to call for these papers , in this instance , when the different offices were engaged in complying with the precepts of the Committee of Finance , would be productive of much inconvenience , and even if they did order them , it would take a year at least to make the return to the order ; that it was impossible , in many instances , to comply with the terms of the motion , particularly as to the dates at which the accounts had been separately examined , there being no entry in the minutes to that effect , and the practice having been , before the adoption of the existing regulations , for either of the lords commissioners of the treasury , as the occasion might serve , to examine any of the accounts given in to the treasury . They observed , too , that the order of last session had been complied with in 34 days after it was made , because by the regulations acted upon since the year 1802 , the accounts were filed in the offices , and there was no difficulty in taking them off the file to return to the order of the house ; but as no such regulation existed previous to that period , there would be much difficulty , inconvenience , and delay , in rummaging the offices in order to comply with the order of the house . Upon these grounds , they put it to the hon . gent . whe- 465 ther he would still persist in pressing his motion at present . > Mr . Martin , Mr. Calcraft , Mr. Tierney , and sir John Newport , considering the importance of having these accounts brought under the notice of parliament , thought that the motion ought to be complied with , as any trouble that might be occasioned by a compliance with the order of that house , would fall upon the servants of the public , in the discharge of their regular duty , and certainly such inconvenience was not to be considered in the exercise of the constitutional control of that house , upon all matters of account touching the public expenditure . If the return could not be made till after a long interval , then it was the more necessary that the order should be made to call for it so much the earlier . As to the investigation of the subject by the Committee of Finance , they had reason to think , that none of the accounts referred to in this motion , were laid before that committee ; and though the papers could not be produced during the present session , that was not a reason why the motion should not be complied with . If the return should not be made this session , or according to the terms of the motion , it would next session , and conformably to such documents as might be found in the offices , and the hon . mover might in the next session , bring forward any proposition which it might be his intention to ground upon the return.—Upon an understanding to the effect of the latter statement , the Chancellor of the Exchequer acceded to the motion , and an order was made for the production of the Account . On the house proceeding to the order of the day for resuming the adjourned proceedings upon the third reading of the Exchequer Bills Regulation bill , a short discussion took place between the Solicitor general , Mr. S. Thornton , Mr. Huskisson , sir A. Piggott , Mr. Sheridan , and Mr. Horner , which terminated in