this , as well as the other topics I have referred to , when we come to consider those Orders of Council . I hope I shall always be found to stand up , and , I trust , firmly , for the rights and privileges of my country ; but , yet , I would ask , does any privilege belong to us , is any principle to be found that can warrant the restrictions which ministers have imposed upon American commerce ? And I would also ask , upon what grounds the paragraph in the speech , which refers to these restrictions , can he justified ? I allude to that paragraph which implies a censure upon the conduct of his majesty 's government for a series of years , by regretting his adherence to justice and moderation . Such , I am certain , are not the personal sentiments of his majesty : no , they are contrary to every principle of his life ; they are , indeed , in that proportion , unfit to be put into such a declaration . The plain interpretation , in fact , of this paragraph is this , `` that we have been too long carrying on a most unequal contest of justice against injustice . '' But , if so , I maintain , that all the advantages of the contest have been on our side . Is this the day , then , in which we are to be told , that for the last 15 years we have suffered by following the principles of justice ? Could that great man , ( Mr. Pitt ) whose opinion has had such influence on our councils during that period , could he , my lords , look down upon this declaration , how much would he deprecate the sentiment , that we ought to terminate the `` unequal contest in which we have been engaged , of justice against injustice ! `` —The noble baron here shortly recapitulated the topics upon which he had touched , and concluded with an impressive appeal to the house , as to the necessity of an immediate inquiry into the state of Ireland , with a view to the adoption of measures , calculated to conciliate the population of that country . The principal points to which he would direct the attention of the house upon this subject were familiar to their lordships , and he conjured his majesty 's ministers to use their utmost endeavours to remove every obstruction to the attainment of those objects ; 28 for , compared to the question of Ireland , every other subject which called for their attention— ? every topic that had been alluded to in the course of the debate , was trifling— ? was , in fact , little else than driving nails into the sheathing of a ship , while her main timbers were on the point of starting . said , he should not have considered the conduct of his majesty 's ministers justified , if they had not taken the first opportunity at the meeting of parliament , to ask for the support and unanimity of parliament . It had been demanded by a noble lord ( Grenville ) , on what principles had ministers undertaken the attack on Copenhagen ? Unless there were circumstances to make the noble lord disbelieve what his majesty 's speech contained on that subject , the noble lord ought to believe it ; there were facts and proofs before he world to justify the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . The noble lord had misunderstood the facts , when he asserted that this country did not acquire its information by legitimate means . If the government had acquired it by illegitimate means , they had done an act which merited reprehension in the eyes of the world . No sooner had Austria and Russia fallen , than France became ruler of the continent of Europe . Our enemy had the power and the will to injure us , and the situation of Europe justified ministers in adopting any offensive or defensive measures