would be likely to proceed from appointing a committee would be , that the house would be four years longer before it came to a decision . observed , that the right hon . general was under a mistake , in saying , the business had been four years before the house , as it had been introduced in May , 1806. admitted , that he had not been exactly correct , but the hon . member was less so ; for instead of May , 1806 , it was May , 1805. said , he felt still the anxiety that he had always expressed , that this business should be brought to a speedy vote . He thought it injustice to the feelings of any individual to have such charges hanging over his head for a great length of time ; and therefore he wished that the question should be put to rest , and that lord Wellesley 's character should be settled one way or the other . It would be recollected , that he formerly pressed anxiously for a decision , but was at that time opposed by the friends of the noble marquis , gins on the other side of the house . said , it appeared to him that the best way of understanding the whole of the subject , was to refer it to a committee , to select out of the voluminous papers which had been printed , those which were most necessary for the consideration of the house . expressed some surprise , that gentlemen opposite should now propose to go into , a committee upon this subject , as if the topic never had been before the house : was it forgotten that it had been in discussion repeatedly , ever since 1805 ? He heartily approved of the mode proposed by the noble lord , and , concurred in his motion for the papers he had moved for ; but he was averse to the mode of proceeding by a committee . spoke in favour of the committee . lamented the unfortunate predicament in which he stood , in having those only to approve of his plan of proceeding who , he knew , were against bins on the merits , while , again , those who were with him on the merits of the question , objected to his mode of bringing it forward . He must , however , adhere to the mode he had laid down for himself.x2014 ; The motion was then put and carried . with a view to the general discussion of the affairs of India , moved , that there be laid before the house copies of all letters sent by the late marquis Cornwallis to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors , subsequent to his arrival in India in 1805 . These letters contained the opinion of the noble marquis on every prominent part of the administration of our Indian empire , and the information they would give would be most important in directing the judgment of the house on a subject that every day called more loudly for a general , and particular investigation . consented to the production of all the letters but the last , which was not signed by the marquis , and from that and some other deficiencies , such as want of date , unfilled blanks & c. could not be considered as a fit document to be laid before parliament . The committee which he meant to move for shortly , was merely to consider the Financial Affairs of the East India Company.—After some conversation , it was agreed that the Papers should be produced , with the exception of the unfinished letter . then gave notice , that as the right hon . gent . meant to call the attention of the house to the Financial affairs of the East India Company only , he would move for a general inquiry into the state of our Indian empire , territorial and political . rose to move for an address to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order