, never was greater exertion displayed in the equipment of a navy , than was exhibited by the British seamen at Copenhagen , in fitting out 18 sail of the line , besides frigates and smaller vessels , in six weeks . It was true , these ships were in a higher state of preservation than was usual for ships lying 170 in ordinary , and such as to indicate an appearance of preparation for active service , but there was yet much to be done in the way of equipment . The noble lord concluded with moving , `` That the thanks of the house be given to lieut . general the right hon . lord viscount Cathcart , knight of the most ancient order of the Thistle , commander of his majesty 's forces in the north of Europe , for the judicious and decisive measures , which , after exhausting every means of negotiation , were employed by him for effectuating the surrender of the Danish Navy and Arsenal of Copenhagen . `` The Resolution being read from . the chair , notwithstanding the distinction taken by the noble lord , felt himself under the disagreeable necessity of opposing the present motion ; and if such had been his opinion before , certainly nothing that had been said by the noble lord could have the effect of altering his determination . It was unpleasant to object to a motion of this kind , because the party principally interested was brought before the house by no fault of its own . It was unpleasant to object to what was asked in their name , though not by them . It was unpleasant also , because there was an idea that where praise was withheld there was an intention to cast blame . Certainly , here there was no room for any such construction as that , for he subscribed most heartily and chearfully to all that had been said of the meritorious conduct of the army and navy in all that had been done ; they had done all that men ought to do . The moderation and temper with which they had conducted themselves , served to mitigate the harshness of the enterprise on which they were employed . It was certainly right to keep the merits of the army and navy distinct from the merits or demerits of ministers ; and to separate the consideration of the orders from that of the execution . But it was not so easy to separate and keep distinct the nature and character of the service . The nature of the service was always one of the indispensable rules by which public gratitude was measured . In all military annals , there were instances of as great personal merit in the minutest actions , as in operations on the largest scale ; in single ships , in luggers and schooners , in packets even , as there was lately a brilliant example , above all , in actions of boats . In all these cases there was as much courage , as much zeal , as much heroism , as much true contempt of 171 death as in the engagements of great fleets and armies ; yet these cases were not considered of sufficient magnitude to call for the thanks of parliament . It was also beyond a question , that there was greater merit in effecting a judicious retreat before a superior enemy , than in hazarding a battle under every prospect of defeat . The sanction of the approbation of parliament would be particularly called for in such a case to rescue merit from ignorant censure . Success was no criterion in point of justice , but in point of practice it was ; and it was only as the emanation of national exultation , upon great success and great public service , that the thanks of parliament ought properly to be regarded . We should be able to say , 'this is a subject on which every heart gives a loose to joy ; this is the expression of the general feeling , and the triumph is