edicts of that government , namely , the Moniteur . At the same time , he could not see in what manner such a document could be brought before parliament . At all events , he was willing , with the consent of the noble lord , to suspend his ultimate answer for a short period , until he considered more maturely the grounds of the objections which then presented themselves to his mind . thought , that though there was no official copy of the French Decree , yet that there might be some document received officially , from the minister of a neutral power containing , art explanation given by the French govern- 153 ment , as to the objects of its Decree , and the intended mode of carrying it into effect . He wished to know whether there existed such a document ? said , there was no official communication upon this subject . He denied that the Orders in Council would have the effect inferred by the noble lord ( Auckland ) , or had any such tendency . said , that what had been urged by the noble earl was an additional reason why further information should be laid before the house . He was not wholly unversed in such subject , but with all the attention he could give them , he could not thoroughly understand their meaning or object . It could not be supposed that it was the object of those who framed them totally to destroy the commerce of this country , and yet , on reading over the Orders it would be difficult to discover that any other effect could be produced from them than the total destruction of that commerce . Were they to understand that , with a subject of this immense magnitude before them , they were to wait for three or four weeks until they received their lesson from the other house , before they obtained any further information , and before ministers explained to that house what their intentions and views were in advising the issuing of such orders ? Were they to understand that ministers , after advising Orders in Council , which were a violation of the law of the land ; after giving advice to the crown , which no ministers had ventured to give since the reign of James II . ; when that monarch was advised that he had a power to dispense with the laws of the country ; after doing what was a gross and flagrant violation of the law of nations , and of the municipal law ; were they to understand that ministers did not intend to come to parliament for indemnity , or to explain the motives and reasons of their conduct ? He thought that not an instant should be lost in obtaining full information and coming to the discussion of the measure . said , that there might have been , in some instances , connected with the Orders in Council , a literal violation of law , but the Orders themselves in their great object and views , were neither a violation of the law of nations , nor the municipal law of the land . As to any question of indemnity , if any should be thought necessary , the reasons for asking it would be stated at the time of proposing it . It was , however , competent to any 154 noble lord to bring forward a question upon the subject , which would be met by his majesty 's ministers . thought the noble lord had treated very lightly the idea of a violation of the law . He repeated his question with respect to the existence of any document of the nature he before alluded to , observing that it was understood some explanation of the French decree had been given to general Armstrong , the American minister at Paris.—No answer being given , urged the same question , and asked whether it was to be understood that ministers refused to give any information upon this point ? said , that no official communication had been