that there be laid before the house an account of all captures made at sea , which remained at the disposal of the-crown , from the commencement of the late war in 1792 , to the present time , together with an account of the produce of the same , and the manner in which it had been disposed of . wished the hon . baronet to give a notice rather than to make his motion now . This was more consonant to the practice of the house . The motion would furnish an opportunity for discussing the doctrines that were afloat on this subject . A notice was the best mode of proceeding , as it would cause the persons concerned to turn their attention to the matter , and to ascertain how far the motion could , with propriety , be complied with . If the hon . baronet would give a notice , he would come prepared either to aid in forming the motion in the most convenient shape , or to give reasons why it should not pass . had no difficulty in consulting the convenience of the right hon . gent . by giving the notice for to-morrow . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the bill for the repeal of the act of the last session , suspending the penalties and forfeitures affecting persons accepting augmented Curacies . He stated , that the penalty of forfeiture attached by law to persons not resident accepting augmented curacies , if these persons were not resident or had no dispensation . The case of Mr. Scott , which was the sole one on which the Suspension act of last session was grounded , was exactly under the circumstances that worked this forfeiture . It was not enough that Mr. Scott pleaded ignorance of the law . That ignorance was no excuse for the breach of the law , was one of the fundamental maxims of British justice . Mr. Scott , holding the rectory of Brampton Bryan , had accepted the augmented curacy of Titley ; and his rectory being thereby forfeited , the patron had granted it to Mr. Graham , who had been inducted with all the proper forms . Mr. Graham had given notice not to pay tithes under the act of last session . That act had passed by surprise . defended the Suspension act of the last session , which was brought forward , not from reference to any private case , but from a regard to the general state of the clergy , whose titles were very generally threatened by the penalties and forfeitures unguardedly incurred under the act of 1796 . That act had received in its last stage a clause and a title , which entirely changed its effect , without giving sufficient notice to those interested . These curacies had always before been considered as tenable with benefices , and the act 414 of that date confirmed all tenures of that nature then existing . The subsequent forfeiture was not sufficiently published , and remained unknown and unnoticed till now brought forth to inflict unreasonable hardship . Mr. Scott might have obtained a dispensation if he had had notice . But the case was not Mr. Scott 's alone , others had equally suffered ; and the hardship would be general if parliament did not interfere . It was certainly but little to ask , that the short period of the Suspension act which was to run , should be allowed for the consideration of the means of remedying a grievance of so serious a nature . argued against the Suspension act on all the former grounds , and contended , that it would be an unwarrantable exercise of the power of parliament to interfere with the right of the patron ( lord Oxford ) to whom the rectory lapsed by the default of Mr. Scott , and Mr. Graham , who legally enjoyed it under the presentation of that patron , confirmed by all due forms . denied that the Suspensions act of last session had been passed by surprise . That