country , and I am sorry to say , my lords , I can not form a flattering one . I am , however , happy to learn , by the tenor of the speech , that it is not the intention of his majesty 's government to concede one point more to that illiberal and prejudiced people . My lords , we must make a stand somewhere ; and where can we do it better than in defence of our seamen and our trade ; which they unequivocally demand ? if America prefers French alliance to British connection , it is not in your lordships power to controul her choice ; nor can you prevent that war , which I do not wish to see take place ; but which , if it does take place , my lords , I am confident , if pursued by us with judgment and reference to the American character and situation , no man need fear . With respect to the affair of the Chesapeake frigate , my lords , as a naval officer I may be permitted to be a little prejudiced , and to hold an opinion in some small degree differing , perhaps , from his majesty 's government . It is not , however , 10 my intention to dispute the accuracy of their proclamation lately issued , nor the principle of respect which is due to national ships of war , as applicable to the governments and nations of Europe ; but as merited by America , if all the detail of that transaction was before your lordships , I am inclined to think you yourselves would question . However , my lords , while the American navy is confined to a few frigates , the compensation that has been made may not be of material import ; how far it may affect us hereafter , time only can shew . But , my lords , our chief concern is with France , with whom some individuals would make a peace . I have taken the liberty , my lords , to write down some of her sentiments upon this subject , as described , in what we may call her official paper , and wherein she informs you , conformably to her practice since the earliest periods of her revolution , of the conduct she means to pursue , and from which she has never varied , but from necessity alone . She proclaims , my lords , `` That she will not lay down her arms , but will augment her force , until she has conquered the liberties of the seas , the first right of all nations . '' In recommending to us an armed truce , which she calls a peace , she says , `` It shall endure until she chuses to proclaim anew the principles of her armed neutrality , when she permits you to proclaim your principles of maritime law ? `` —Now , my lords , is this that which you are willing to accept as your peace ? Have we already forgot the peace of Amiens ? Do we wish to see her seamen all restored , and the pendants of her ships going up , when ours will necessarily be coming down ? Never will I believe that the good sense of this country will entertain the idea of peace , until moderation marks the conduct of this enemy , for his professions are not worthy of reflection . I am glad to see a great commercial city think like me , and I hope her opinions and example will be imitated by others . My lords , although the arms of Europe may appear on the side of France , I can not believe their hearts are against this country . If we remain firm and unappalled , as recommended by his majesty and exemplified by himself , some balance may yet be preserved in Europe ; if we yield , no man can foresee the consequences . Having now , my lords , though in a very inadequate manner , animadverted upon the prominent