it was to be lamented , but could not tend to the diminution of that right . In the last war , the 485 Elbe and the Weser were blockaded , although one side was occupied by neutrals , who must consequently have sustained material injury . The tenor of the French Decree had been admitted by the noble lords opposite themselves . As to the attempt made to insinuate , that its virulence had been abated by the explanation given by Decrès , the minister of marine , to general Armstrong , nothing could be more futile . How could any renunciation , but one as public and as formal as the Decree itself ; be said to do away its effect ? Was France to be left to blow hot and cold at pleasure ? In cases tried in the admiralty court in England , the eminent person who presided in that court , declared that Decrè 's explanation was nugatory . So much for the justice of the Orders Council . With respect to their policy , the noble lord entered into an exposition of the advantages derivable from them . He compared the measure with that of the late administration , and contended that while by the Order of the 7th of Jan. the ordinary law of nations had been just as much Violated as by the Orders of the 11th Nov. the latter secured to the country benefits which the former was not calculated to obtain . It was intolerable that England had enjoyed little advantage from her maritime superiority ; and that France , who did not dare show a flag on the ocean , had carried on such a trade by neutral bottoms , that the people of that country consumed colonial produce at a much less rate than the English . To prevent this was the great object of the Orders in Council ; and in doing this , so far was the trade of G. Britain from being injured , that the exports of the months of Dec. and Jan. last , had exceeded the exports of the corresponding months of the preceding year . wished the Orders to be discussed on their own positive merits , and not on their comparative merits . He believed that they had been infinitely mischievous . They injured neutrals much more than they did the enemy ; and were , in his opinion , tantamount to a declaration of war against America . was desirous that the Orders might be referred to a committee , in order to give him an opportunity of fully investigating , and making up his mind upon this important subject , on which he had not vet been able to form a decided opinion.—The house then divided . Contents , 30 Proxies , 18— 48 486 Non-Contents , 61 Proxies , 45—106 Majority against the motion , 58 . Adjourned at four o'clock on Tuesday morning . List of the Minority . Gloucester , Ellenborough , Norfolk , Ponsonby , Bedford , Carrington , Argyle , Lauderdale , Stafford , Hutchinson , Derby , Cassillis . Jersey , Proxies . Cowper , Bute , Essex , Thanet Albemarle , Shaftesbury , Spencer , Bulkeley , Bristol , Lucan , Breadalbane , Ossory , Grey , Carnarvon , Sidmouth , Blandford , St , John , Rosslyn , Darnley , Guilford , King , Buckinghamshire , Besborough , Stawell , Moira , Mendip , Grenville . St. Vincent , Somers , Braybrooke , Auckland , Yarborough , Erskine , Holland . from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the petition of Joseph Garland , esq . ; and also of the petition of sir Rd . Bickerton , bait . ; severally complaining of an undue election and double return for the town and county of the town of Poole ; informed the house , that the said committee had determined , That Joseph Garland , esq . and sir Richard Bickerton , bart were not duly elected ; that John Jeffery , esq . was duly elected ; and that the last election for