his country , and would , on every progressive step of the inquiry , be found more deserving of public reprobation . thought that the house had no jurisdiction on the subject . He deprecated , at all times , the house taking upon itself judicial functions , as he conceived they generally , in such cases , judged badly . He thought it highly improper . He remembered the house once being occupied for a long time in judicial investigations about sir Thomas Rumbold , which ended by the members absolutely ceasing to attend ; and , on the last resolution upon that business , there were precisely 40 members in the house . The delay in Mr. Hasting 's business also shewed the necessity 1042 of a separate judicature for Indian affairs . The hon . member concluded by deprecating all further investigation upon a subject wherein the house could come to no efficient conclusion answering the ends of justice . Its constitutional capacity was legislative and not judicial , and therefore it was useless to investigate where it had no power to judge or to execute . He would rather , under such circumstances , form no opinion upon the subject , than pursue inquiry to no effect . He would therefore conjure the house to desist from farther investigation , but he hoped that would not defeat the ends of justice in some other way . He remembered to have read of an instance in the year 1773 , when a similar enquiry was instituted in that house relative to lord Clive , when , after a similar debate to this , which continued till five in the morning , the house seemed to be agreed , that there was no reason to doubt the truth of the charges ; but nevertheless , it was induced to adopt a sort of conclusion , that the noble lord had rendered great and important services to the country , and that therefore it became matter of serious question , whether the Resolutions for his censure ought to be adopted , and they were eluded by a previous question . suggested the propriety , of adjourning the debate , on the consideration of the lateness of the hour , and the many members who had yet to deliver their sentiments upon the extensive question then before them.—After a few words from the chancellor of the exchequer and lord Folkestone , the debate was adjourned to Tuesday next . presented the following Message from his majesty ; `` G. R. His majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the house of peers that the king of Sweden having resisted every threat that had been employed to induce him to join the hostile continental confederacy against . Great Britain , and having thereby exposed his dominions to increasing and imminent danger , his majesty felt it his duty to afford that monarch the most prompt and efficacious support and assistance . His majesty has , therefore , entered into a convention with the king of Sweden , a copy of which he has directed to be laid before 1043 the house ; and he relies on the wisdom and liberality of his faithful commons , that they will enable his majesty to make good his engagements with an ally of such approved firmness and fidelity . '' His majesty 's message was ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday , on the motion of lord Hawkesbury , who stated that copies of the treaty would probably be delivered to their lordships before they separated . The earl of Lauderdale asked if there was any article in the treaty , for imposing duties , similar to those in the bill for carrying into effect the orders of council ? Lord Hawkesbury answered in the negative . held in his hand , and perused with satisfaction , a paper lately laid before their lordships , of the amount of the exports from this country ; which almost reached the sum of 40 millions . He had already observed to their lordships what a very large proportion of those exports were taken by America