, evidence which had been adduced against it was that of the Moniteur , whence the hon . gentlemen opposite had derived not only their evidence , but the very arguments by 1231 which they endeavoured to contradict their sovereign , to vilify his ministers , and to insult their country . The papers on the table proved that France had been endeavouring with all her art to cajole the Danes , and that the Danes were very willing to be cajoled.—But the chief question was , whether France had it in view to seize-the Danish navy , and whether Franc had the power to do so . It was conceded on all hands that France had that desire , and it was allowed by lord Howick in all his dispatches . It was avowed by France herself—it-was manifest to all Europe that she had the power.—What proof could be superadded ? took a comprehensive view of the subject , and answered all the arguments that had been urged at different times in favour of the expedition . The term 'shabby iniquity , ' he maintained , was completely suited to the conduct of ministers on that occasion ; its application was supported by the manner in which such an expression Would be likely to be used in common life . If a person was to be guilty of a petty theft against a poor weak person , when at the same time it was seen that the thief had refrained from the commission of a robbery where more booty was to be gained , but with a greater risk , it might fairly be said , t hat such a man was a shabby thief ; that he was detestable for his iniquity , and contemptible for his cowardice.—After slightly noticing some observations that fell from other members , he dwelt with much force upon what had been stated by a noble lord near him ( lord G. L. Gower ) : that noble lord , with that degree of authority which attached to the situation which he lately held , came forward in that house , if he conceived his meaning rightly , to throw an imputation on the sovereign with whom he but a short time back held intimate communications , and to contradict those friends with whom he lately acted , without using a single argument in support of the-position he assumed—the presumption that we should certainly have had a war with Russia , if the expedition to Copenhagen had not taken place ; this conjecture he supported by the confederacies of 1780 and 1801 , in both of which cases Sweden took the lead of Denmark ; and when it was universally acknowledged , that no great measure was adopted by the powers of the north of Europe , without the concurrence , the hearty and sincere approbation , or a positively agree- 1232 ment , to which Russia was a party . But then it was said , that Denmark was in a state of greater preparation . A noble lord , however , had stated , that he had seen them in as good a state forty years ago ; and he ( Mr. W. ) , at least , could vouch that he had seen them equally numerous and equally equipped twenty four years ago . Was the house to he informed by the first diplomatic character , perhaps , in that house , or was the weight of his authority to be lent to such an assertion , as that we were now possessed of all the naval power of Denmark ? Was it to be supposed that the hulks of 16 ships , with a certain number of bolts of canvas , was the whole of the naval strength of Denmark ? Had we got a single man of its naval population into our hands ? and was it not more than probable , that Sweden would be shortly compelled to fit out her shipping against us , and that any deficiency as to seamen would be supplied from Denmark ? We should then have the whole of their naval