at least he , individually , was not fond of war , though he had fought and bled , and was ready to die in defence of his country . On these grounds the hon . and gallant general gave his decided support to the clause of his noble friend , empowering recruiting for life . was not sorry for giving precedence to the gallant general . The sentiments that fell from him were just and correct , and he fully concurred in them . It was not his intention to follow the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) through the long speech delivered by him , which was as usual characterized by brilliancy and eloquence . The right hon . gent . had dwelt at considerable length on the shortness of the notice given , and on the mode of proceeding adopted ; but when it was considered that this subject had been frequently before debated , and had excited much of the public attention , 991 he trusted the house would feel that the notice given , which was upwards of a week , would be deemed reasonable . The principle of the amendment was to remedy a very serious inconvenience , which would arise from the army being deprived of a great number of men , who , had they the option proposed , would continue in it . He contended , that this would remedy the evil to be apprehended to the public service , which would materially suffer without its adoption.—A division then took place , when there appeared for the clause proposed by lord Castlereagh 169 ; against it 100 ; majority 69. in pursuance of the notice he had given on a former day , was about to propose to the house , to fund a certain portion of the Exchequer Bills now outstanding . The object he had in view , was to fund four millions of these exchequer Bills ; and as the five per cent . stock was that with respect to which the contractors for loans made most difficulty , being desirous , as much as possible , to exclude it from their bargains , and to make their biddings as much as possible in the three per cents . he thought a considerable facility and advantage towards the negotiation of the ensuing loan would be gained , if it could be so arranged as that these 4,000,000l . of exchequer bills should , as far as possible , be funded in five per cents . This would take off from the loan the weight of five per cent . stock , which was considered by the subscribers as a dead weight on the three per cents . and of course rendered the biddings less favourable than they would otherwise be . The loan would not be contracted for before Easter , and of course the sinking fund on this part would be free till that time . This arrangement would afford 4,000,000l . towards the supply , and would so far reduce the loan for the year . Though all the supplies for the year were not yet voted , and of course it was not possible exactly to determine the amount that would be wanted ; yet there was reason to think , that the amount of loan of exchequer bills , out of the market , would not be more than 8,000,000l . for England . This sum being considerably 992 under what the sinking fund for the year would be able to discharge , it was reasonable to conclude , that the loan may be negotiated under terms of extraordinary advantage , particularly when the present arrangement should be disconnected from the loan , and brought into the market at separate times . The facility which he hoped would be given by taking the five per cents . out of the loan , would also be a mutual advantage . He proposed to give an option to the holders of exchequer bills , to subscribe them either wholly in five per cents . or partly in five and partly in four per