command ; the state to which the Continent was reduced , in consequence of the negociations and peace of Tilsit ; the avowed declaration of the French government to exclude the British flag from every port of Europe , and to combine all the powers of the continent in a general confederacy against the maritime rights and political existence of G. Britain ; most highly approve the prompt and vigorous measures which were adopted by his majesty 's ministers , for the purpose of removing out of the reach of his majesty 's enemies the fleet and naval resources of Denmark . `` —The house then divided : Contents-64 Proxies-61—125 Non-contents-29 Proxies-28— 57 Majority—68 rose , pursuant to notice , to move , `` That there be laid before this house , a Copy of the patent by which John Giffard , esq . has been recently appointed to the office of Accomptant General of the customs in Ireland , together with a statement of the manner in which the vacancy of the said office took place . '' was of opinion , that the hon . baronet ought to have laid some parliamentary ground for the production of these Papers . He should have shewn , either that the person appointed to the office was an improper person to be appointed , or that he had been incapable of executing the duties of it , and therefore unfit to be appointed . had abstained from entering into the discussion more at length , in order to save the time of the house , but he would undertake to spew , if the papers should . be granted , both that the former dismissal of Mr. Giffard was right and proper , and that consequently , he was not a fit person to be advanced to the office he now held . stated , that the gentleman to whom the hon . bart . alluded had been an old servant of the crown , and had never been dismissed for any reason officially stated . He undoubtedly held opinions upon the subject of the Catholics , in common with the majority of the inhabitants of the united empire , and though he might have urged these opinions indiscreetly , at a time when the subject was under the consideration of parliament , that was not a reason why he should be perpetually excluded front office . The office of which he had been deprived yielded him 700l . per annum , whilst that to which he had been since appointed produced only 600l . As no ground had been laid for the motion , he could see no use in producing the papers called for . thought that the dismissal of Mr. Giffard was , if not an arbitrary , at least an indiscreet act upon the part of the Irish government , and that the restoration of that gentleman to office was a mere act of justice . Mr. G. was not apprised of the disapprobation felt by government at the line of conduct he was pursuing , until after he had made his motion as a corporator of the city of Dublin . In making that motion for a petition to parliament , he was exercising a constitutional right , and certainly the gentlemen opposite , who , on every occasion , professed themselves friends to the right of petitioning , would 879 not maintain that the exercise of that right ought to subject an individual to removal from an office purely ministerial . He was inclined to think that that great statesman , the late Mr. Fox , considered the conduct of the Irish government to Mr. G. as arbitrary . had never had any political connection with lord Hardwicke , but had enjoyed the honour of his acquaintance , and from what he knew of his disposition , he believed him incapable of acting in an arbitrary manner . But if no parliamentary ground had been laid before , the statement of the hon . gent . was sufficient , when he asserted that the conduct of lord H. was arbitrary , and in this he