had no hesitation in pronouncing at the present moment , that the measure was wholly unwise and impolitic . He would suppose that the hon . gentlemen could make out a case of right ; he would suppose further , what was a separate supposition , and still inure remote from what he conceived to be the truth , that they could make out a clear case of right ; that they could prove to a certainty , that if the fleet and stores had not been seized as they were , they would inevitably and speedily have fallen into the hands of Bonaparte : still , he should say , rather let him have them in the circumstances in which he must have taken them , than we in the circumstances in which we have taken them . This was his opinion , and this , he was persuaded , notwithstanding the flattering hopes indulged by the honourable seconder of the motion , would soon become the opinion of the greater part , if not of the whole , of the nation . They were now running riot , —those of them to whom the question of right and the effect on the national honour were objects of no concern—and were indulging in the contemplation of the plunder they had acquired ; but this satisfaction would be of short duration ; the time would soon come , when they would be called upon to pay the penalty of their misdeeds ; when the stores would be used up , the ships be worn out or lost , and new stores and new ships have been supplied in their room to the arsenals and dock-yards of Denmark ; and when they , the perpetrators of the acts in question , would be left only with the shame of what they had done , and the serious and lasting consequences , which . that shame would bring along with it : `` Then comes the reckoning , when the banquet 's o'er , The dreadful reckoning , and men smile no more . '' We had acted upon this occasion , from the impulse of a principle , often , one of the most improvident and short-sighted , namely , that of fear ; and had looked only to our temporary and partial , instead of to our general and permanent interest . Nothing could be snore transitory than the advantages that we had gained ; nothing more durable than the evils at the price of which these advantages had been pur- 71 chased . The objects themselves were not less disproportionate . We had got ships , and we had lost men : we had gained a navy , but we had lost a nation . Never more were we to look to the Danes for any thing but the most deep-rooted ill-will , the most inflamed and bitter enmity . What was of still more consequence than even the friendship or enmity of any people , however powerful , we should have lost the , fair fame and character of the country.—In all this we had been imitating that very conduct of the enemy , which , hitherto , it had been our constant and just object to expose and decry ; our imitation , too , was just of a sort to give us a full share in the disgrace without any share in the benefit . We were increasing the power of Bonaparte instead of diminishing it . The course of proceeding in conducting the present business through the house was not less to be remarked on . We were to decide the question to night and argue the merits of it afterwards.—The right hon . gent . ridiculed the idea , that any Credit was to be given to the present ministers for the step taken by the court of Portugal , when their own narrative stated the resolution to have been taken , and the purpose executed , in the absence of our minister , and without his knowledge . He should have thought that the right hon . gent . so prone to ridicule