view also , he conceived it improper to make the disclosure required , because it would , in all probability , destroy the future sources of information . But he asked gentlemen on the other side , what necessity existed for producing such documents and information as had been called for on that and on former nights ? It might , perhaps , be necessary to exhibit them , if there was no other ground for justifying the attack on Denmark ; but unquestionably , the present situation of Europe and the . degradation or vassalage of its sovereigns , offered , most unfortunately , too ready and solid a reason for the adoption of such a measure . Much had been said by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) on the law of nations , on right and policy he was as ready and willing as any man to pay his tribute of respect to them , and to recommend their application whenever circumstances would permit it ; he was afraid , however , that although much talked of , they were little understood ; the consequence of which was , that many persons abused the terms , and took one for the other . In the present instance , he was glad to observe , that we did not suspend them without necessity , or , in other words , that we used them in conformity to the law of nature , which dictated and commanded self preservation . This was precisely a case in point ; for , as was conceded by the right hon . mover , if Denmark had shewn or given any proof of hostility , directly or indirectly , against this country , then ministers would be justified in inflicting on her the heaviest punishment ; 301 but surely , if the house just considered that Denmark was weak and France powerful , and in possession of the means of forcing her into a confederacy against us , under such circumstances could a shadow of doubt remain as to the object of the enemy being accomplished ? When the conduct of France to other powers was considered , and the incapacity of Denmark to resist her , our success must be matter of exultation to every one who regarded the blessings of a free constitution . Did gentlemen on the other side of the house mean to say , that Buonaparte would , in the instance of Denmark , be restrained by a sense of justice and morality from perpetrating against her those aggressions and spoliations which had marked Iris character on the continent ? Was it at the very time that his triumphant legions were returning to France , that . Denmark was to hope for an exemption from the calamities of war , if she refused to comply with the hostile intentions of Buonaparte ; or could it be thought that such a season was the most unfit for carrying his rancorous designs into effect against us ? But gentlemen would say , that as there was no official proof of such hostility on the table , therefore the assumption was too bold . Without , however , entering into the question of positive information , he would ask , whether it was not evidence against the Crown Prince , that he did not . attach himself to England , as he could not maintain his neutrality ? He must be aware that the power of France would be exerted , if necessary , to compel him to enter into a confederacy against us , and yet he would not listen to any overture from this country for his security and protection . On this ground , therefore , namely , the weakness of Denmark , and the power of France to force her to become instrumental against Great Britain , he should give his vote and support to ministers on the present question . felt great pain in differing from gentlemen , with whom he was in the habit of voting and acting ; but he could not refrain from declaring his conviction of the propriety