for that restriction ? The right hon . gent . concluded that this was no advance from the bank , but from the public money . How ? There were certainly large public balances in the bank , but they were all appropriated to specific purposes . The bank lent this money for what purpose government pleased . If that were not a loan from the bank , what was it ? He allowed that the public ought to derive some advantage from the bank , but he differed from the right hon . gent . with regard to the manner in which those advantages should be derived . He would agree with him , that in consideration of the large public balances held by the bank , the bank should furnish the public with the interest of 3 millions ; or instead of a loan of 3 millions , that they should pay an annual sum of 150,000l . With regard to the rate of allowance charged by the bank for the management of the national debt , in his opinion the bank ought to do that business without any allowance whatever . The 424 right hon . gent . might smile , but he contended that they would then be on the footing of every private banker . We left ten millions in their hands , and we wished them to do that which would cost them 100,000l . What private banker was there that would not be very happy to have a customer on similar tems ? The right hon . gent . seemed particularly desirous to have a capital advanced by the bank ; a thing in his opinion unjustifiable , except by the strongest necessity . There ought not to be the most distant implication that the public gained by the restriction on the payment of specie . By a participation of profit between a government and a bank , other countries had at various times been most deeply injured . In the present state of Europe , it was most desireable to shew the enemy that our resources were such as enabled us to meet him with confidence . It was on this principle that he admired the plan of his noble friend near him ( lord H. Petty ) , which professed to put the finances of the country upon a footing that would allow of a continnance of war for many years . Could an advocate of Buonaparte 's have better materials for depreciating the means of England , than by a reference to the bargain made by the right hon . gent. ? Desirous of avoiding a public loan , the influence of government had been exerted on the bank to procure a loan of 3 millions without interest . The right hon . gent . after this step , would find it difficult to convince a Frenchman that we were not driven to shifts and subterfuges . In recent times similar expedients had been resorted to in France , which at the period of their occurrence had met with the reprehension of this country . The Caisse des Comptes , in particular , had furnished a similar loan to the French government , the principle of which transaction had been here very generally condemned . Besides , never was there a period so advantageous for the negociation of a public loan as the present , owing to the great stagnation of trade , and the great quantity of money necessarily afloat , and for which no employment could be discovered . The right hon . gent . seemed to think , that the bank agreed very cordially to this loan of 3 millions . By a reference to the Papers , it would appear that this was not the case . It was said by them , that it would be highly imprudent in the bank to make to the public an advance , amounting to half the public balances in their hands . He agreed with the bank in this respect ; it was very 425 imprudent , and it was very extraordinary that the bank should have put