the natural expression of the feelings of a laborious and loyal people , wrung from them by distress which they had endured long and patiently : shew them a sufficient cause and they will endure still more and longer . No such cause was explicitly pointed out to them in his majesty 's speech . Let it be considered , too , that the war was assuming a new character of furious inveteracy , not experienced since the times of barbarism . Was it possible that any one in that house could regard with complacency the privations and the sacrifices which this new mode of warfare must inflict upon all classes of people , not in these kingdoms only , but throughout all Europe ? and was it politic 85 to subject this country , both at home and abroad , to the imputation of wantonly and unnecessarily prolonging this universal scourge ? If we could not now clearly make out our case to be that of defensive war , must we not at last admit , that we continued the contest merely for the chance of events , that might enable us at some time or other , God knows how or when , to treat on terms of more advantage ? But the chances of war should be coupled with its inevitable evils in our calculations , and it would be politic also to consider what might be the chances of peace . Did peace present no probabilities either at home or abroad which might better our situation and render us the fitter to cope with future difficulties ? Might not peace loosen some of those bonds in which the states of Europe are now enslaved , and lay the foundation of new alliances against new , encroachments ? or , looking at home to our sister Island , might not even a few years of peace present to us the opportunity of allaying the discontents of Ireland , and of securing for us her faithful and hearty support in any new contest ? a support which might render us fearless about the event.— Negotiation had been spoken of as a dangerous experiment , a situation to be shunned ; and the last negotiation had been branded as disgraceful from its length . Whatever disgrace might result from a patient perseverance in the attempt to give peace to Europe , this country had at least retired from that negotiation with the highest reputation for strict honour and . inviolable fidelity to engagements ; a character , which , if it had been maintained , might have given us the best title to the confidence of foreign courts , and have fixed a value upon our alliance : advantages incalculable whenever the occasion may arise for resisting , under better auspices , the encroachments of France . It were well if this character had now remained to us ; that we had persevered through every stage of this disastrous contest , taking for our maxim `` Malo me forunæ pœniteat quam Victoriœ pudeat , '' so that at the termination of the struggle , if we had neither extended our territories nor our influence in Europe , we might yet have boasted that we had not embraced the principles nor stooped to the means of our adversary . This boast , he feared , we now could not make ; from all that yet appeared , from all that ministers would suffer the house to know , we had blemished the integrity of our cause by an act , which 86 neither in its origin could plead that necessity which is paramount to justification , nor in its accomplishment displayed advantage or splendor sufficient to veil , however imperfectly , the depravity of its character . The hon . gent . protested against any approbation , to be implied front the terms of the address , by those on that side of the house , of the expedition against Copenhagen : he considered them as unfettered , whenever that and other questions connected with the address , should come under the distinct consideration of the house . On the