tend to prevent that unanimity so desirable at the present crisis . From the commencement of the war in the year 1793 , down to the termination of the administration of that illustrious statesman , in no speech delivered to parliament at the commencement of a session were parliament called upon to pledge . themselves in support of measures , without evidence before them of the propriety or utility of such measures ; in no case were they called upon to approve of measures , before the papers relating to , them were produced , whereon a judgment might be formed , according to the evidence of the case . Yet , in this instance have ministers , departing from so salutary a rule , and in violation of every principle that ought to actuate their conduct upon such an occasion , not only called upon parliament to approve of measures which nothing but absolute necessity could justify , and respecting the necessity of which not a tittle of evidence is produced , but have even called upon parliament to applaud other measures now , respecting which papers are hereafter to be produced , upon which alone the propriety of such measures can be justified . Thus have they called upon this house to approve of the expedition to Copenhagen , although not the slightest evidence is before your lordships , to enable you to judge of its necessity , and to congratulate his majesty on the refusal of the Russian mediation , respecting which the documents , providing the grounds of that refusal , and upon which alone we can form our judgment , are promised to be laid before the house . ? Even were we to give our approbation of the former measure without any evidence before us , it would be no sanction ; it would be no testimony of its necessity , or its policy ; for even a righteous ' judgment would be an unrighteous one , if given without evidence ; nor can I conceive any thing more incongruous , than to call upon your lordships already , to approve of a measure , before the documents respecting it , which are promised , are laid before the house . With respect to Denmark , my lords , I have hitherto refrained , as was my duty , from expressing an opinion ; I have refrained from ? even forming an opinion , Willing to believe that there were circumstances which justified the expedition to Copenhagen , and anxiously expecting , that at the meeting of parliament , evidence respecting those circumstances would be laid before your lordships ' house ; or , at least , that some information would be pro- 18 duced , enabling your lordships to judge of the necessity of that measure . It is truly said , my lords , in the speech , that the eyes of Europe and of the world are fixed upon the British parliament . There is on the continent of Europe a great ' reliance in the integrity and in the justice of the British parliament ; they look with anxiety for its , decision upon the motives and the policy of that expedition . It has already made an impression throughout the continent unfavourable to this country . How Much greater will that impression 'be , if parliament gives its decision , approving of that expedition ; and still more , if it does so , without any evidence or information upon the subject . What must then be the opinion on the continent of Europe , when they find the British parliament not only approving of such an expedition , but giving their approbation without an iota of evidence before them ; without the slightest information that could tend to establish its justification ? When I first heard of the expedition , I conceived that there might exist circumstances 'to justify it , although none but those of the most urgent nature could . I received , at a considerable distance from town , his majesty 's Declaration respecting that expedition , and found that secret articles were stated to