as a most painful duty . Still , however , it was a duty . It had been performed with as little injury to the power attacked as possible . The question was , whether the house would refuse their approbation to officers , who had rendered a most important service to the nation , by diminishing that force , which , but for their exertions , would probably , ere this , have been joined with the enemy in the invasion of this country . said , the only distinct ground which had been stated , which he could understand , was , that our army and navy had been sent on a most painful duty , and had conducted themselves with all possible moderation . He was not at all inclined to dispute this statement ; but he did not think this was exactly that sort of merit which was to be rewarded by peerages , and the highest honours which the state had to bestow . Was it supposed that 179 humanity was a quality so rare in this country , and that the feelings of our officers by land and by sea were so different from the general feelings of the English nation , that it was absolutely necessary to give them the thanks of parliament for not acting in a manner unworthy of the British character ? In considering the speeches of the noble lord ( Castlereagh , ) and the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , it appeared to him that the latter had spoken with much greater advantage than the noble mover . The right hon . gent . had heard a speech from his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham , ) and that furnished him with something to say by way of reply . The noble lord , however , had no such advantage ; he was to make out a case , or rather to make a long ingenious speech when he had no case at all . In this kind of effort , the noble lord was generally very successful ; for he certainly possessed the dexterity and ingenuity of making as much out of little as any member in that house . The right hon . gent . had supposed his right hon . friend to have said , that ministers had advised the expedition merely for their own private views . His right hon . friend had said no such thing ; but merely , that ministers having done something , wished to make the most of it . They had attacked the city of Copenhagen by surprise , or , as some would call it , by treachery , and having succeeded , they wished to give the utmost possible importance to the transaction , and celebrated it by firing of guns and granting of peerages . They had been extremely lavish in the distribution of honours of that description . He believed that there was no instance in the annals of this country of the honour of the peerage having before been conferred for military services of this description . It appeared to him , however , that those persons upon whom those honours had been lavished , had no great reason to be proud of the manner in which they had been obtained . As to admiral Gambier , he believed that no man could have been more surprized than he was on finding his name in the gazette as baron Gambier . It was an honour that he could not have expected . As to the other naval officers employed in this expedition , they never suspected they had performed any achievement that entitled them to the high reward of the thanks of parliament . The fleet in fact , had nothing to do , and consequently did nothing . Every thing that was done was by the army , and 180 all the duty that fell upon the fleet was to stand by and see fair play . It was like the duty of keeping the lines on a field-day , or of keeping a ring at a