when the bill should have passed , and therefore they ought to be heard in this instance . The bill had been originally introduced , not as a revenue bill , but for the purpose of carrying the Orders in Council into effect , and therefore the petition should be considered as applying against the Orders in Council . agreed in the principle laid down in yesterday 's debate ; but was of opinion , that the petitioners could not suffer any material injury by having their petition deferred to Monday . declared , that no eloquence nor any earthly influence should induce him to depart from the line he pursued with respect to this Petition , because he had never stood upon a broader principle than when pressing it . The reason why the title of the bill was rehearsed in this Petition , was because the petitioners were the same parties who had been last night before the house , and they felt it necessary to state a reason for their appearance again as petitioners . The petition yesterday had been rejected , because it had been laid clown by the chair that no petition could be received against a Money bill , but no such authority bore upon the present petition ; and he had the authority of the petitioners to state , that they did not petition against the bill , but against the Orders in Council ; and the rejection of this petition would lower the house of commons in the estimation of the public.—A division then took place : For receiving the Petition . 57 Against it 111 Majority—54 rose pursuant to the notice he had given on a former evening , to propose a motion somewhat new in its nature , because the circumstances which had induced him to bring it forward were novel , and , he might say , unprecedented . Before stating the terms of this motion , he found it necessary to enter into some discussion of general principles , and to state the facts upon which he intended to found it . The object was , to prevent the repetition of a practice which the house had had occasion 899 to witness on the 3d of Feb. last , and which stood recorded on the journals of the house of the 8th of Feb. he hoped , for the last time . When any thing irregular occurred in the course of the debate , it was not unusual to check that irregularity at the time it took place ; but because the irregularity to which he alluded was not checked at the moment it happened , it was no reason why the house should not now impose an effectual check upon its recurring on a future occasion . He should now endeavour to shew that the right hon . secretary of state , by reading extracts from official papers not before the house in the course of the debate , had been as disorderly as if he had introduced his majesty 's name for the purpose of influencing the decision of the house ; than which , it was unnecessary for him to state , nothing could be more irregular . In the year 1757 a member of the house of commons having expressed a wish , to be absolved from his oath of secrecy on a court martial , a message was sent to the house by the king , in which there was a reference to what had passed in debate on the subject . The message was received , but particular mention was made of the circumstance on the journals of the house , as being of a nature which ought not to pass unnoticed . In that instance the violation of form , he was inclined to think , rather proceeded from oversight ; but , on a late occasion , he had not the same apology to make for a much more flagrant breach of order . He hoped , therefore , that the house would so mark it with its reprobation as to prevent its ever occurring in future . In order