of the person who had made use of the expression , but it was for his right hon . friend to judge of the prudence and expediency of disclosing who that person was . He must observe , however , that if every communication made by a foreign minister to his government were to be made public , as a matter of course , the inevitable effect of such a system would be , to destroy all confidence between diplomatic agents and the courts to which they were accredited . He should therefore give his decided negative to the last motion of the hon . gent . ; and the first part of the address he should propose to amend , by moving for the production , not only of the Declaration accompanying the treaty of 1805 , but of the correspondence which passed relative to that Declaration . most willingly concurred in the amendment proposed by the nobler lord in the first part of the motion , for it was his wish , that all the correspondence relative to the Russian Declaration in question , should be made public . But he could not assent to the amendment so far as it went to negative the production of the private letter , or an extract from it . What would be the consequence of refusing to communicate such letters , when previously made public in order to influence the vote of the house , and serve the purpose of ministers ? Because the noble lord was the ambassador , and the right hon . gent . secretary of state , the correspondence was to be carried on by private letters , so 1359 as to avoid the cognizance of parliament ! The noble lord had said , that he had never stated that he communicated this information to ministers . Perhaps , he had not : but the , right hon . secretary had publicly stated the fact , and yet the house was to be precluded from information about a communication under the impression of which they had been called upon to vote . He did not know upon what authority the expressions adverted to by the noble lord rested ; whether they were directly mentioned to him by any person upon whom much reliance could be placed , or whether he had the information from a third person . For his part , he rather thought that the expressions did not come from any quarter upon which much dependance could be placed . But this was the point respecting which it was most important for the house to be well informed . He could not understand the doctrine , that private letters between ambassadors and secretaries of state , were , under all circumstances , to be suppressed . The information contained in the letter had been voluntarily offered on the part of ministers , with a view to influence the vote of the house . This naturally laid a ground for calling for the information in an explicit and tangible shape , that it might be seen whether it was of a kind to bear out the arguments which have been founded upon it . But immediately , when it was called for , he answered , 'No , it is a private letter , and can not be produced . ' If they meant to stand upon this objection , why did they communicate the information at all ? They themselves had urged that lord Hutchinson 's information was private , when they bad not only connived at his conferences with the emperor of Russia , but had desired him to communicate his sentiments , and asserted , that he had been bamboozled , for that had been the expression ; and that the information which had been obtained , was not such as to deserve much consideration . Yet these very men stated expressions , of nobody knew whom , to influence the vote of the house , and refused all explicit information on the subject , on the ground of the intelligence having been conveyed in a private letter ! The majority of