inquiry , but in his opinion no reason had been assigned for the exercise of its right on the present occasion . perfectly agreed with the last speaker , that this motion had no reference to the Admiralty Court . He also agreed with him in the greater part of what he said relative to the right of the crown to this property ; but differed from him materially as to the constant propriety of the application . One instance of misapplication he would state to the house . An hon . baronet ( sir Popham ) whom he saw in his place , had , in the year 1787 , obtained leave of absence on half pay from the naval service , in which he was then a lieutenant . He went to Ostend , and there procured a ship , the Etrusco , bearing the Imperial flag , in which he freighted a cargo for the East Indies . He there exchanged his vessel for an American ship , and carried a cargo to Canton in China ; having taken in a fresh cargo there , of which a French supercargo at Canton had a share , he sailed first for Ireland , and from that to Dungeness , where he landed goods , or , in plain English , smuggled them . Lieut . Bowen of the Brilliant frigate , Capt . Robinson , seized the ship in Ostend Roads , after a person had escaped on shore with part of the goods . This vessel was brought to judgment in the Admiralty Court . During the proceedings , the hon . baronet claimed his share of the cargo and freight ; but when it became necessary to serve a process of the court upon him , he was not to be found , and , in short , had absconded . The ship was condemned ; but for all the trouble , the inconvenience , , and loss of time coca- 453 sioned in the prosecution of the business , capt . Robinson did not receive one shilling . Yet afterwards , in consequence of a treasury warrant , signed by the marquis of Blandford and Mr. Long , founded upon a report for that purpose , reluctantly signed , as he understood , by the right , hon . gent . ( the Advocate-General ) 25,000l . was restored to the hon . baronet ; being the amount of his claim , and that too without deducting from it any of the expences of the process . It was some time , indeed , before the right hon . gent . ( the Advocate-General ) could be induced to give a recommendation to this effect , and his scruples were highly to his credit . These circumstances formed part of the Records of the Admiralty Court , but he had only seen the papers that morning . Here , then , was an application of a large sum as a reward for a violation of the laws of the country . He was glad , therefore , that a disposition appeared to examine this subject , but he thought the business would be very imperfectly done unless the house attended to the application of the money , which was , perhaps , the most material point of the whole . observed , that having been thus personally attacked , he could not but Air a few observations in his own vindication . Although , if the hon . gent . who had thrown out such aspersions as had never been used in that house , had given him any previous intimation of his intention to bring forward circumstances in which he was particularly concerned , he would have been better prepared to meet his statement . He would , however , now advert to a plain and well known fact . The house would recollect he went to the East Indies at a period of profound peace , and had been there employed in the service of the East India Company . If the hon . gent . would consult the records of the India