'and if , as the 'noble lord ( Howick ) has informed us , Mr. Fox rejected the suggestion of taking the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens for the basis of negociation , be- 835 cause he thought that they were vague , and indefinite ; and that more time therefore would be lost in defining and adjusting the basis , than might he sufficient ( if well employed ) for discussing and settling the main points of a negociation , is it possible that the noble lord should not perceive that the adoption of the uti possidetis would have been liable to similar embarrassment ; that he should not be aware of the perplexed and interminable discussions which must have arisen in the attempt to define the precise degree of possession , occupation , or controul which should or should not entitle to the benefit of the uti possidetis ? to determine , for instance , whether the kingdom of Holland , whether the principalities of the Rhine , whether Southern Germany , whether the fortresses of Austria herself , should at the outset of a negociation , be acknowledged by us to be the lawful and confirmed possessions of France , except so far as they might be redeemed by such equivalents as we might be able and disposed to give in exchange for them . I am confident , ( and the very argument which the noble lord himself has advanced , renders me still more confident in the opinion ) that such was Mr. Fox 's view of the subject , that his passing by the treaty of Amiens , when it was first suggested by M. Talleyrand , and proceeding to suggest , instead of it , something which he called a basis , but which in fact amounted to nothing more than the statement of a principle , which might be taken for granted to prevail in every negociation , the honour and glory of the two countries , was dictated , by precisely the same motive which afterwards induced him in his answer to M. Talleyrand 's letter of the 2nd of June , to accept so easily M. Talleyrand 's proposed additional principle of continental and maritime guarantee , in preference to ( and one must fairly say in exclusion of ) the other offer , which is asserted to have been made at the same time through lord Yarmouth , of uti possidetis , and the motive which in each case operated with Mr. Fox , appears to have been simply the desire to avoid any technical basis , as utterly inapplicable to the existing state of the world , and as likely to require ( as the noble lord Howick has himself contended would have been the case with the stipulations of the treaty of Amiens , and as I think I have shewn would equally have arisen in 836 any attempt to apply the uti possidetis ) more time in the application and adjustment of the basis than would have been sufficient to discuss and settle the terms of the most complicated negociation . * '—Sir , I am perfectly well aware that Mr. Canning is here stating what was Mr. Fox 's reasoning upon the subject of a basis ; and what the line of his conduct appeared to have been . I agree with him in the position he has laid down with regard to Mr. Fox , and I think that the reasoning which he has given to Mr. Fox upon the impropriety of insisting upon any technical basis whatever , is incontrovertible . I am however warranted in supposing that the right hon . gent . also himself thinks that reasoning perfectly correct ; because , after having stated it so clearly and ably as he has done in that pamphlet , he gives no opinion in contradiction to it , although in the course of the speech he took every opportunity to stigmatize such errors as he supposed imputable to the conduct of the whole of the administration engaged in that negociation . And he evidently contrasts the wise policy of Mr. Fox