House , he would find that lord Cornwallis , the Governor General , and the Council , had recommended him strongly to the Court of Directors , and said that he had deserved that the directors should apply to the Admiralty to promote him . He had besides received acknowledgments and presents for his services . If , from his anxiety to be actively employed , and to gain experience in his profession , he had in a moment of irritation gone out to India under a neutral flag ( which perhaps he now regretted ) , he had only followed the example of many other naval officers , and he could not help thinking it stranger , that 454 after the lapse of more than 20 years , he should thus be singled out for peculiar animadversion . He trusted he might be allowed to say , that his exertions in India must have been of a very extraordinary nature to induce the Governor-General in Council to recommend him at home as he had done . By the term 'extraordinary , ' he meant only that those services had been of a description which were deemed deserving of marked approbation . He trusted also , that in no action of his , had he had any sort of connection with smugglers , as stated by the hon . gent . or that he had even violated the laws of the country , without having at the same time done something , which more than compensated for the injury sustained . fully agreed with the hon . captain , that after the attack which had been made upon him , the matter ought not to rest there . It was due both to the house and himself , that the matter should be investigated . He also agreed , that his hon . friend behind him might have given some notice of his intention ; but then it was to be observed , that he had only read the papers that morning , and had stated the facts upon an occasion which had suddenly arisen . But if it was necessary to have this affair inquired into , upon the statement of his hon . friend , it was much more so after the defence of the hon . captain . The hon . captain stated , that he had done as many other officers had done , sailed under a neutral flag , in a moment of irritation , for the purpose of obtaining professional knowledge and experience . He had heard of other officers who had done so , but then they had engaged in the wars of foreign powers ; how the hon . captain could increase his professional knowledge by landing teas at Dungeness— called the right hon . gent . to order ; it was impossible for him to sit still and hear an attack upon any member under such circumstances ; it was not consonant to the rules of justice which ought to be observed to every man , that a conversation arising collaterally should be brought forward , and carried on by remarks uttered in the tone and manner used by the right hon . gent . To what purpose was this done ? Was there a motion before the house , the event of which would be to censure or acquit the hon . captain ? He appealed to the right hon . gent . 's own candour on the subject ; for he was sure that 455 he was the last man who , on cool reflection , would persevere in any unfair or illiberal line of conduct . expressed his opinion , that by abstaining from any further remarks on this part of the debate , the house would best consult its own dignity . though he did not complain of the right hon . gent . for having interrupted him , must contend that he was strictly in order . The learned gent . opposite having asserted that there was not a single instance of misappropriation of the fund under discussion , his hon . friend who was in