report , `` If any sovereign in Europe should allow his territory to be violated by the English , the act would clearly place that sovereign in hostility with your majesty , and , therefore , if the Portuguese have suffered their vessels to be violated by the cruizers of that power , they , too , were in hostility with your majesty . '' Now , those who thought so much of the wounded pride of Denmark , should consider , that upon this principle , the search of the smallest vessel , in crossing the Belt , would be sufficient to place Denmark in a state of war with France . With a French army on the frontiers of Holstein , and no English fleet or force off Copenhagen , it would be an idle waste of words , a mere mockery of negotiation , to enter into any discussions . Humanity as well as policy required a force large enough for the ultimate accomplishment of the object under any circumstances . No man could blame his majesty 's ministers for having made the force much larger than was necessary for either object , in order to invite the surrender of the fleet which was required ; but , when no proposition would be listened to , it was satisfactory that the means employed were sufficient for the accomplishment of the object with the least possible loss . The right hon . gent . had said that the case could only be justified by necessity , but he was sure the right hon . gent . must carry his principle further , and , admit that the measure ought not to be carried beyond the necessity of the case . He was therefore surprised to hear the right hon . gent . say , at the conclusion of his speech , that the measure ought to have been pushed to extremity . By other premises he might arrive at that conclusion , but certainly not from those he had that night stated . The right hon . gent . had said , that the Danish government could defend the islands against France , though France should be in possession of Holstein . But , if the Danish 279 navy was not prepared against England , neither could it be prepared against France . However , the fact was , and it was notorious , that after Zealand had surrendered , many Danish troops had succeeded in getting into that island , notwithstanding the judicious distribution of the British naval force in the Belts , by the very able officer who commanded in that quarter . On the authority of his predecessor he could state , that the pressure in Holstein was considered as likely to lead to the surrender of Zealand . The right hon . gent . had asked , why they had not put their questions directly to Russia , respecting her conduct ? he would answer , that they had flattered themselves , that by pursuing a course rather conciliatory , they might bring back Russia to the line of her true policy , and therefore they abstained from any conduct that might drive her irrecoverably into the arms of France . But the right hon . gent . asked why , if Russia were a party against us , we ought not to have selected Russia for our attack ? To this question which had been so often put , the answer was so obvious , that he was surprised to hear it repeated . If they had had certain information of the hostile intentions of Russia , and the object which they had in view , were not attainable by any other means , he agreed that Russia should have been attacked . It had been shewn , that the object sought from Denmark could not have been obtained without a prompt and peremptory force , and that that object was of the highest moment to the security of this country . An attack upon Cronstadt might have been productive of glory , but would not have diminished the maritime means that could