their purpose , that he could not say what might be their opinion at the present moment . But he would say , that in a book which a right hon . gent . last week despised , it was related , that at the siege of Jerusalem , The famished inhabitants were permitted to come out . In 730 more modern times , we might recollect a circumstance which was more immediately applicable . The French convention decreed , that no quarter should be given ; did the English government retaliate by the passing of a similar decree ? no : What was then the consequence ? The consequence was , that the French soldiers refused to put the sanguinary order of their government into execution . Here , then , was an object of policy likely to be gained by mitigated rigour towards an enemy , exclusive of all ideas of principles of humanity . But the house would here pardon him for mentioning a circumstance which this brought to his recollection . He was informed , that soldiers were convicted of acts of gross misconduct whilst they lay before Copenhagen . He was not aware of the facts to which he now alluded , at the time of the Thanks being voted to lord Cathcart , or he should . have mentioned them . For he was informed , that after these men to whom he alluded were tried and convicted , they were not only not punished immediately before the enemy , but they were released and suffered to go at large . This was a subject which required further elucidation , for the sake of the honour of the nation , which was sufficiently , he should have thought , tarnished by the attack itself , without such acts of aggravation . was of opinion , that one consideration might alone decide the question . It was hoped , that we should be likely by this means in some degree to weaken the military force of Buonaparte . But , was it not to be fairly concluded , that he , both as an object of policy to preserve his strength , and with a view to increase his popularity with his soldiers , would at all events procure them this medicine if it were necessary . The odium would then be cast upon us , and his '' character would be exalted , so that the means were not calculated to accomplish the desired end . The general of a blockading army might fairly hope to make some impression on the besieged army , or that he should be capable of making the general of the garrison sympathise in the feelings of the suffering inhabitants ; but could it be supposed , that a similar impression would be made on the feelings of that general who at present commanded the great garrison of the French nation ? The measure might possibly excite a more general union of hatred against the English nation amongst all ranks of the French people ; it might add 731 to the ferocity or unfeeling character of the contest , but it could not possibly be the means of putting an end to it . He therefore supported the amendment . observed , that with respect to the circumstances which an hon . gent . had related as having occurred at Copenhagen , it was to be recollected , that at courts martial appeals were frequently made to the mercy of the commander in chief ; there might be some circumstances in mitigation of punishment which had not reached the ears of the lion . gent . reminded the house , that it was impossible to prevent acts of improper conduct at all times in an army . As to the facts alluded to , he believed that after the persons had been tried , some doubt remained on the mind of the noble lord who held the chief command . In that case it was not to be contended that the noble lord did wrong to hesitate , before he put judgment into execution . The case he was