for indemnity for the Order of 1807 , because upon that principle they should make reparation for all the measures that had been taken under that Order , restore all the ships captured , and repair all the losses sustained thereby . The noble lord had said , that the Order of 1807 was only a slight departure from the rule of 1756 . But if ever so trifling , it was still a departure , and an alteration of the law . It was not to be supposed , that the late ministers bad adopted their measure in the dark . Theirs was the departure from the law of nations ; the late Orders were only in conformity with that law , upon the principles of retaliation ; and upon these grounds , he should support the motion of his right hon . friend , for referring the Orders to the committee of ways and means . could not bring himself to think that the argument ad hominem , the continual allusion to , and comparison with , the measures of the late administration , as a justification of those pursued by the present , was a mode of argument consistent either with the importance of the subject under consideration , or the gravity of the person by whom it was urged . Still more was he surprised at the extent to which the right hon . and learned gent . seemed disposed to carry the new doctrines which he had broached that night . Much stress had been laid by both sides of the house on the due observance of the law of nations . It would however now appear , that , though the law of nations might be extremely valuable , yet it were absurd to be bound by them , when it was found convenient and useful to infringe them . But if that were the case , of what value could they be considered ? Who could force nations to respect them , when they should appear contrary to the interests of nations ? The same might be said of moral law . By what ties or restraints would the society of men be then regulated and bound ? Must not such doctrine drive at the abrogation of all law ; what would laws be more than those instituted at Highgate ; laws which only enjoined a conditional observance ? As absurd and ridiculous was the idea set up of retaliation . It would lead to the most strange and ludicrous effects , if carried to the extreme which was insi- 338 nuated , and which seemed to be intended . What ! if a blind man chanced to thrust out your eye , would you in this spirit of retaliation , thrust out the eyes of the blind man ? Such however , were the absurdities in which such doctrines were entangled ; such the insane consequences to which we must be driven , if any utility , however slight , were to justify the infringement of the laws of nations . If Buonaparte enforced , for example , one of his mad decrees at Hamburgh , were we therefore justified in extending the same severity to the rest of the world ? Was his conduct in that particular to be a rule for others to authorize them in adopting similar measures to an unlimited extent ? It surely was not enough to consider how such measures of retaliation might operate on the two powers more immediately concerned . It should also be considered how they might affect a third party ; and above all , how they might affect America . But hopes seemed somewhere to be entertained , that those measures might produce most distressing effects on the continent . We might , it seems , be able to starve the continent , and still be not affected ourselves . What ! starve the continent and not be affected ourselves ! was this then the manner in which these vigorous measures were to effectuate the salvation of the country ? But it was likewise insisted , that such proceedings belonged to