their having taken no step to remove their army to Zealand , or to put that and other islands into a state of defence , even when a large French army had entered Hamburgh , was a proof that no resistance was intended . No other object could be assigned for this assemblage of French troops at Hamburgh , but to compel Denmark to coincide in the views of France Even the naval force of Denmark , which was essential to the defence , of Zealand , was in such a condition , that it required six weeks preparation to lit it to encounter the sea . From there circumstances , it was evident , that there was in the court , of Denmark , a want of power and exertion to defend itself , and a disposition to yield , which it became our duty to anticipate , so far as the effects of it might be detrimental to us . observed , in answer to what had been said by the hon . member , that there were still some nations existing , such as Sweden , Sicily , Sardinia , and America . And though all nations had been ingulph- 1221 ed in France , yet the principles of the law of nations would still remain in their full force . Necessity had been urged for this expedition . Certainly , if that necessity was fully proved , that would bring the Case within the law of nations ; for self preservation was the first law of nature , among nations as well as individuals . But this must be a real , clear , and incontestible necessity , and not what the caprice of a minister might call necessity . That real necessity had not been proved . The previous hostile mind of Denmark was totally out of the question ; and he was sorry that any one had adverted to the particulars of the conduct of Denmark in 1780 and 1801 . Upon this principle , Sweden , too , ought to have been attacked in the same manner , for she had proclaimed the doctrine that free bottoms made free goods , as well as Denmark . If former conduct was to be taken into account , there was no violation of law and justice that might not be defended.—The next point was , the engagements which Russia had entered into with France . But , it was impossible that ministers themselves could have believed that Russia had engaged to compel Denmark and Sweden to join with her in hostilities against this country . The impossibility of any such belief was evident from the conduct which they themselves had adopted with regard to Russia . He allowed that Russia night possibly have been at war with us , whether the Danish ships had been seized or not . But there might be a war into which a nation might be driven by an external force , in which , however , she would not put forth half her strength . This would have been the hostility of Russia ; but now that was turned into an inveterate enmity . Could France have seized the Danish fleet against the will of the Danish government ? Sicily had as yet been defended—Sardinia was still safe—and there was a little comfortable ditch between us and France , and that ditch the French had not been able to pass . Why , then , could not Zealand be defended ? That the Danes would have adhered to England when the moment of extremity came , he argued , from the evident interest of Denmark . It would have been insanity in Denmark , as some of the Danes themselves affirmed , to have chosen join France against England . The disposition of the prince evidently was not to give way to France , as clearly appeared from the papers on the table ; and his character was stated : by Mr. Garlike as a 1222 safeguard against all the efforts of the French party . Mr. Garlike said , that the , Danes would not enter into a