demanding entrance , a memorial on his knees . That in this place , originally destined for the improvement of the morals of petty offenders , a female prisoner , as we have learned , has been lately debauched by the son of the chief jailor , or governor , who then held an office of trust in the prison , and has since had a child , now , or at least lately , burdensome to the parish of Kensington , in the county of Middlesex . That four debtors were shut up in this house of correction , the only communication between whom and the world , appears to take place occasionally , by means of two iron gates , at upwards of six feet distance from each other , with a jailor walking in at intervals , so as to preclude complaint ; and that from the examination of a debtor , and also , by a letter from him , both in the possession of your petitioner , it appears that he was shut up with persons guilty of robbery , and unnatural crimes . And , lastly , that six innocent persons , the bills against whom had been thrown out by the grand jury , were dragged from Cold-Bath-Fields Prison to Hicks's-hall , in open day , at the close of the session , first manacled , and then fastened together by a rope , to be discharged by proclamation . Your petitioner , therefore , conceiving that such gross instances of fraud , coupled with such an open violation of the laws , and even of the express orders of session , are calculated to bring his majesty 's government into contempt , and cast an unmerited odium on our most excellent constitution ; thinking also , that if such malpractices were detected in a casual and slight survey , of less than two hours duration , far greater abuses are likely to be brought to light by the in- 688 tervention of the grand inquest of the nation , most humbly and earnestly solicits this honourable house to take the premises into consideration , and by a public and open examination at its bar , or any other mode , afford such relief as may seem meet . in moving that the Petition should lie on the table , felt it unnecessary to recommend it to that attention which he was sure his majesty 's ministers would be disposed voluntarily to pay to it . But he begged more particularly to recal the recollection of those gentlemen the Report of the committee of the house of commons , in the year 1800 . The facts and suggestions contained in that report were yet unapplied in the way of reformation or relief . contended , that the house could not with propriety , have received the petition of last might , on account of the petitioners presenting themselves under a designation which did not properly belong to them . If the house were once to admit the principle of petitioners approaching them under any other character than that to which they were strictly and properly entitled , it was possible to say what abuses might follow . Having stated thus much on the point of form , he would now state to the house , what had passed between him and the gentleman who had represented to him the matter contained in the Petition offered to the consideration of the house . He told that gentleman , that if he would give him the facts in an official form , he would lay them before the secretary of state for the home department , with the strongest recommendation which he could give , though he was sure no recommendation would be required to call the attention of that noble person to a case of such a nature , coming in a proper authenticated and tangible shape . The communication was , in fact , made to his noble friend : but it came in an unofficial form , marked 'private , ' and he could not feel himself warranted in taking any public