, upon the language in general applied to powers who had been in alliance with us , and were afterwards compelled to side with our enemy . The emperor of Russia had not made peace with France from a feeling of despondency , but from hard necessity , similar to that which led to the peace of Presburgh . He was sorry that the hon . gent . had alluded to any consequences that might result from the effect of the Treaty of Tilsit upon the people of Russia . He had seen , with regret , similar allusions some time since in the public prints , and he mentioned the circumstance then , only to shew his reprobation of that practice . Much more might be said on the subject of the Danish expedition , but he should reserve what he had to say till another opportunity.—There was one point in the 60 speech which had not been touched upon by his right hon . friend , that he thought deserving of notice , namely , the credit taken by ministers for the emigration of the court of Lisbon . This was an event which he believed might in time be beneficial to his country , but that ministers had any credit for the arrangements made for that purpose , he could not see any ground to admit . The hon . gent . must be aware , that the prince of Brazils had a short time before his departure from Lisbon , issued a proclamation for shutting his ports against this country , and uniting with the continent to procure a maritime peace . It was not until the appearance of an article in the Moniteur , declaring that the house of Braganza had ceased to reign , that the prince determined to emigrate , and lord Strangford , after having quitted Lisbon , for the first time met the prince on his voyage . With all his admiration of the talents of the noble mover of the address , and of the hon . gent . who had just sat down , he could not concur in the principles they had that night laid down . They were very young men , and might live to witness the advantages this country , if it should survive the vigour of the present ministers , would derive from the emigration of that prince to the Brazils ; for his part he was satisfied he should never live to see it , fir he did not expect such sudden effects from the bare emigration of the court . On this score he thought the ministers had no merit , and were intitled to no approbation . With respect to the attack upon Denmark , they had , in his opinion , great demerit , because that attack was cruel and unjust without any necessity , and if he thought that the address would pledge him to any approbation of it , he would not fear to take the sense of the house upon it . It was with concern , he observed , that there was no allusion whatever in the speech to a prospect of peace . Gentlemen were in possession of his sentiments upon the subject of peace , and he was free to repeat , that in the negotiation which had taken place lately with France , that object was lost , not because France was always wrong , but because England was frequently wrong , and that many opportunities of effecting peace had been lost . The time would come , when the documents respecting the discussions with the courts of Russia and Vienna would be produced . He should say , however , in the mean time , that , if ministers would yield to common sense and prudence , a peace 61 compatible with the honour and interests of this country might be obtained . He knew not whether the disposition of the people of this country was for peace or for war , but he would assert , that the late Orders of Council would be found to produce great inconvenience to the