. Lord Cornwallis , sensible that it was beyond the ability of the nabob to pay with punctuality , reduced it , and the nabob in consideration of this reduction , stipulated that if the payment of the instalments should be in arrear , certain districts in the treaty mentioned , should be possessed by the company , till the arrears were paid ; in fact he mortgaged his territory to secure the payment of the demand . Now , sir , let me ask the house , if in either of these cases , there is the least justification to be found of the conduct of lord Wellesley , in Oude . In one case a temporary commutation was made , and afterwards restored by the orders of the supreme government and the court of directors ; in the other merely a provision for such commutation in a given event ; in both by consent of the nabob . How can the ingenuity of the right hon . baronet find the slightest resemblance in the cases ? But where are the instructions ? I had almost forgot the government of lord Hobart , which was adduced as illustrative of the principle of commutation.—sir , my recollection does not furnish me with one single letter of instruction to lord Hobart from the government at home , or the supreme government at Bengal , to use force , or any thing like it , to obtain this commutation ; although it does furnish me with repeated instances of urgent requests on his part to use it for the purpose . The government uniformly resisted it , and insisted that no means but persuasion should be resorted to ; indeed , to the best of my recollection , this very urgency , on the part of lord Hobart , was the occasion of his losing the supreme government , which was intended for him —It is remarkable , that in the only instance where lord Wellesley seems to have attended to the instructions of his employers , or considered them more than waste paper , is on this very subject , where he is ordered by them to go to Madras , previously to taking upon himself the government of Bengal , will a view of per- 1105 suading the nabob to consent to this arrangement of territorial cession , in lieu of subsidy . But what were his instructions ? —Why , to use no other means than persuasion to induce the nabob to consent to the proposed arrangement ; and these being his instructions , he was obliged to leave the object unaccomplished . Now , sir , after having taken all this pains to travel from Bengal to Madras , to find a justification of the noble lord 's conduct , by analogy to instructions given to the late government—how have we succeeded ? Not one instance of instruction to any governor general in India , to obtain an exchange of territory for subsidy , by force , is to be found—directly the reverse . I defy the right hon . baronet to adduce even one solitary instance . I am content to rest the whole of this case on such proof . But , sir , I will not waste another word in attempting to refute the mass of fallacious and plausible statements , which the ingenuity of the hon . baronet has produced , and which have been stated with a solemnity that would make one fancy there was something of truth in them . Let any man read the papers , and he can not for an instant doubt on how weak a foundation rests the defence of this disgraceful transaction.—Yet the injustice of the transaction may find some excuse in its policy , and in the advantages resulting from it . Well , let us examine it in this view . What have been our gains ? have we more security now than before ! Have me bettered our finances ? Is our government in India more secure ? Have we even improved the condition of the natives ? If these objects , or any