, who would venture to unsettle that on which the power and prosperity of the country rested ; and stated , that his noble friend had discharged a decided duty in the rejection of the proposition that had been made to him . Where was here the sacrifice of honour and of rights ? Whatever the hon . gent . might think of other parts of his noble friend 's character , they must know his candour too well to suppose that his observations on a former evening were intended for the purpose of producing , not an exculpation , but a panegyric on the conduct by which he evinced , that he was determined not to compromise that which was the solid foundation of the power of this country . He congratulated the house and the public , that such a determination had been evinced . He trusted that similar principles to those which pervaded this negotiation , would pervade any other negotiation in any other hands . He trusted that the great example which the administration of that day had set , — by refusing to purchase an object , however desirable and important , by the sacrifice of that which was not the peculiar strength of Britain alone , but which was the source and support of the general strength , by which that object appeared to be attainable , —he trusted that that example would be followed to the end of time . He trusted that what we had not given to acquire a great good , we should never give even to avert a great evil . He trusted that what we had refused to grant to the request of friendship , would never be extorted from us by the menaces of hostility . adverting to the personal imputations that had been cast upon him 1368 in the course of the debate , observed , that if there was any thing dictatorial in his manner , he was sure that such manner could less become any man in that house than himself , who had so few pretensions to assume it . As a member of parliament , however , he did not arrogate great privileges , and he never would allow those privileges to be derogated from by those , who in the most dictatorial manner charged him with being dictatorial ; and who in the most arrogant manner accused him of arrogance . To the right hon . secretary who had treated him with so much freedom , he would say , that the vices of his manner were levity and misrepresentation . The first was manifested in the mode in which that right hon . gent . jeered his hon . and learned friend neat him ( Dr. Laurence ) , one ounce of whose sterling worth he would not exchange for all the gilt gingerbread on the other side of the house . Of the second vice of his manner , misrepresentation , he had given a striking instance , by introducing a debate on papers , before the papers were laid on the table , and by pronouncing a panegyric on the noble lord , before the house was in possession of the means of ascertaining whether that panegyric was well or ill-founded . As to the inutility of presenting the letter with the names suppressed , it would be advantageous to have it even in that shape . The mere declaration of the noble lord was fugitive , and could not be made the ground of any subsequent parliamentary proceeding . He could not see the necessity under with the right hon . secretary would labour of resigning , were his motion agreed to . That dreadful calamity to the country surely need not , take place ; but , dreadful as it would be , he owned , he would rather see the right hon . gent . quit office in that manner , than that he should be turned out by the dark junto which lurked about the throne . He repeated his former assertions as to the unfair manner in which Mr. Garlike and lord Hutchinson