he agreed , that this was the true policy of the country , he was not prepared to say that it was so at the present moment . The motion must produce one of these two results : —having tried the inclination of our enemy , ministers would come back to the house , and say , 'We have tried him , and find him cold and averse to negociation , or in such a state of irritation , that it is in vain to expect him to treat on any thing like honourable terms . ' This , of course they would assert , was the effect of the passing of this resolution . Or , again , if they did go into terms , and a dishonourable peace was concluded , this would be giving ministers an opportunity of saying , 'We could not get a proper peace , on account of this Resolution ; ' and if it should be a very bad one , which he was afraid it would be , they would say , 'The reproach does not lie on us ; blame yourselves . You were too impatient . It is to you , therefore , not to us that the stigma must attach . You are the authors of the calamity . ' He was averse , therefore , to any thing which could force ministers into negociation . His hon . friend , however , had said , that the petitions for peace had put an end to the American war . He did not think that case applicable to the present . Every person knew , that it was foolish to continue a contest which was no longer attainable . The object was to induce France and Spain to abandon the contest against us , conscious that America , urged on as she was by the spirit of enthusiasm , would never yield , and that no force we had to employ could compel her . We had , therefore , some advantages to expect , and little risk to run , in attempting to get out of that contest.—Another consideration weighed extremely in his mind . He confessed , he had no opinion that ministers were anxious for peace ; of which his conviction they had exhibited most satisfactory symptoms in the two offers of mediation , which they had already slighted . Was the country insensible of its state ? Did not the house every day receive petitions for peace , not only not encouraged by any political cha- 859 racters , but even thwarted and discountenanced by them . This circumstance showed , that these petitioners had no opinion of the sincerity of ministers . If the house , therefore , were to adopt the last Resolution , would they not be giving countenance to such petitions ? On this ground he felt a difficulty in agreeing to the resolution . Now , although he did not believe that ministers were desirous of peace , he was against pushing the matter at this moment . He might do them injustice in the opinion he had formed ; of course , he could not say he was prepared on this night to come to the resolution now proposed . He might this day week be persuaded that the resolution was proper , but he was not in that situation at the present moment.—There was another reason which operated strongly with him . The petitioners told the house of the pressure under which they laboured from the markets on the continent being shut against them . It well became the house for the welfare of the country , to take care how they aggravated such a feeling . If we were , in consequence of agreeing to the present proposition , to send an ambassador to France , might not Buonaparte say , 'It is not six weeks since you sent away the Austrian ambassador , whose mediation you rejected . You talk , however , of a pressure on your manufactures . Is it so ? Then I will persevere in following out the measures I have adopted