to ratify a treaty of that kind ; and that such a refusal must previously have the sanction of the Senate , & c. The principal paper , he should now have the honour of moving for would be , the Message of the President of the 28th of Oct. last to the Houses of Congress . It was not in his power to contemplate the issue of our present discussions with America without uneasiness and apprehension . Much had been said of the comparative 312 distress which either country must experience from a rupture ; some contending that America would suffer most ; others , that England would be the greater loser . He should not attempt to appreciate the comparative evils of either as resulting from a state of hostility ; but he laboured under the melancholy conviction that the consequences of hostility would be extremely detrimental to both ; and the reflection that the one must suffer a great deal , by no means mitigated , in his mind , the hardships with which , from the same cause , the other must be afflicted . Much , however , as he was disposed to deprecate a war with America , he should never think of averting that evil by the surrender of any of the just rights of England , more especially of her maritime rights , to which she owed almost every thing . Sooner would , he consent to perish in a struggle for their assertion and conservation , than think of surrendering them in order to prevent that struggle . Much better was it to fall in the endeavour to maintain them , than tamely and deliberately to surrender that , from which sprung our proudest glory , from which chiefly flowed our strength and prosperity . He should still , notwithstanding , cherish the idea that the good sense and moderation of the two countries would obviate the necessity of an appeal to arms , and that their mutual interests would point out a safer and wiser conduct to pursue . Such were his feelings respecting the relative situation of the two countries . We had already all Europe against us : we should not be too easier to add America to the long and formidable catalogue of our enemies . The noble lord concluded with moving , That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , praying , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before the house a copy of the Message of the President of the United States of America of the 28th of Oct. last , to the Houses of Congress . said , he would not be led into any discussion of the points now at issue between the two governments , by any observations in which it had pleased the noble baron to indulge . He was as sensible as that noble lord could be , of the great importance of continuing on a footing of friendship with America ; but , highly as he valued the continuance of those relations of amity and good understanding , he could never think of purchasing it by the surrender of any of our 313 rights , much less of any of our maritime rights ; upon which our very existence might be said to depend . At the same time , however , that he insisted on that resolution , he did not hesitate to say , that every thing would be done on the part of his majesty 's government to manifest a disposition to peace and moderation ; in a word , every thing that could tend , short of the sacrifices he had already alluded to , to maintain uninterrupted a good understanding with the United States of America . He had no objection to the production of the paper moved for by the noble baron—The question was then put , and agreed to . next rose , to move that there be laid before the house a copy of the Declaration delivered to the American Plenipotentiaries by the Plenipotentiaries of his majesty , in the month of