to believe , that the hearts of the people can be with you ; torn , by your power , from their natural sovereign , to whom , in eastern countries , attachment is part of their nature ; subjected to the exactions , insults , and punishments of men whose justice they have heard of , but never experienced ; whose religion they abhor , and whose laws are dissonant from their habits and customs ; dragooned , as it were , into submission , by a scattered , and consequently a licentious military—what spark of affection can be excited in their breasts towards you ? — What feeling can animate them , but stifled , yet unsubdued revenge ? —a deep-rooted resentment , which , under your present system , no time will allay , and which wants only a fit opportunity to overwhelm you in its effects . Depend on it , India is the theatre on which Britain is vulnerable ; neglect not the necessary precautions till it be too late ; retrace those sanguinary and despotic steps which you have lately trod ; substitute conciliation for terror—the influence of European civilization for British fraud and violence ; make the native princes your friends , not your slaves ; re- 1109 store to them the unjust spoils of which you have plundered them ; let British faith and justice be henceforth as unsullied in Hindostan , as , I trust , in every other part of the world it has been . If we claim the character of a great nation , let us deserve it . Forget not , 'that justice is the foundation of the prosperity of states , and that the prayers of the oppressed often call down the vengeance of the Almighty on their oppressors . '—This was the pathetic appeal to the justice of a former nabob , by that respected nobleman , marquis Cornwallis ; he lived , alas ! to see it too applicable to ourselves.—And now sir , the amendment of which notice has been given by the right hon . bart . on the last motion , brings me to t le personal question as it immediately affects the noble marquis ; I have before said I consider this the least important view of the subject , because the destruction of the system , not the punishment of the man , is and ought to be our object . The right hon . gent . seems to think otherwise , and if lord Wellesley can be saved harmless , the suffering millions ' of India ( as in contempt he is pleased to term them ) may remain pillaged , oppressed and subjugated . Let us then consider if in truth and justice , the noble marquis can be saved harmless . Sir , I am well aware how much the brilliancy of exploits dazzles and confounds the judgment , how much the recollection of splendid victorios achieved in a good cause , shuts our eyes to future misconduct in a bad one . It is a natural and irresistible feeling . The achievements of the noble marquis in the Carnatic war against . Tippoo , and the complete destruction of French interest in India , the consequence of that event , entitled him to the highest commendations of his country . It is impossible to speak in terms appropriate of the peculiar merit which attended that exploit , not only in its success , but in the vigorous and energetic measures of lord Wellesley , which preceded , and ensured it . His conduct on that occasion reminds me of the splendid and useful qualities attributed by Cicero to Pompey , when he wished to prevail on the Roman senate to appoint hire to a command in its nature something similar . 'Labor in negotiis , fortitudo in periculis , industria in agendo , celeritas in conficiendo , consilium in providendo . ' All these attributes the noble marquis may justly lay claim to , in the war against the Indian Mithridates , and if he had immediately after this conquest of Mysore left India ,