of the right hon . gent . who filled the Chair . They were all witnesses to the ability and impartiality with which he discharged the arduous duties appertaining to it , in times of as violent contentions of parties and turbulent debate as had ever occurred in that house . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving `` That this house does highly approve of the upright , able , and impartial conduct of the right hon . C. Abbot in the Chair of this house . '' having put the affirmative of the question in a very low tone of voice , and obviously much agitated , was answered by a vehement burst of Aye from all sides of the house . When he was about to put the negative branch of the proposition ) , rose and said , that as an independent member of parliament , and anxious to preserve the privileges of the British parliament , he felt himself bound in honour to say 'No . ' The Resolution was then carried as if by acclamation ; Mr. Tierney being the only dissenting voice . wished to know , whether it was the intention of the right hon . gent . to found any proceeding upon the petition which he had presented to the house ; because if such was his intention , he would not take the business out of his hands . said , that he had stated , when the petition was presented , that it was his wish that some enquiry should be instituted into the grievances complained of in the petition , by his majesty 's government , and that if some remedy was not speedily applied to these grievances by them , he should submit some proposition on the subject to the house . For this purpose he wished to give a reasonable time to ministers to suggest some remedial measure . But , after what had happened on a former occasion , he had no great hopes from that quarter , and if nothing was proposed by them in the interval , he should bring forward some specific proposition upon the subject in the course of next week . had the fullest confidence in the government , and was sure the members for Middlesex would not lose sight of a matter that called so particularly for their attention . But the character of the magistrates of that county was involved , and his anxiety to do justice to these respectable men , could not give way to his deference for . any person or persons whatsoever . He questioned whether any steps that would be privately taken by his majesty 's government , would satisfy the opposition . He thought it extraordinary that the petitioners , passing by the regular and proper modes of addressing their representations to the magistrates at the quarter sessions , to the magistrates who formed the jail committee , and to the secretary of state for the home department , had come in the first instance to parliament . He could attribute such a proceeding to no other motive than a desire to obtain a bad popularity , by exciting public clamour to the injury of the characters of others . Though the result of whatever investigation should take place would , he was well satisfied , be very far from substantiating the charges made , the petition would yet remain on the journals an eternal libel on the magistrates of Middlesex . He adverted to the former inquiry 1174 into alledged abuses in the Cold Bath Fields Prison , by commissioners appointed under the sign manual . Though , from the character of those commissioners , there could be no doubt that they executed their trust faithfully , yet , by their being appointed by the crown , a sort of prejudice and dissatisfaction had always existed with respect to their report , among the common people , whom it was most essential to satisfy on this head . To guard against that evil consequence in the present instance , he intended to move to refer the petition , and