moral causes are Mere pretexts , and have no influence on mankind , I pity from my soul his ignorance of human nature , and his mean mistaken conceptions of the motives that actuate it . it was , therefore , no rash , romantic , inconsiderate declaration that was made by a right hon . gent . whose talents and wisdom . are far above my praise , ( Mr. Windaham ) on a former occasion , that he would rather that Buonaparte should have the ships manned as they would be by disaffected crews , and equipped by a reluctant government , and that we should have preserved our character , and our influence over the mind of Europe . When I think of the little we get , and of the much we lose , I can not help despising the folly much as detesting the injustice of our calculations . To rob a little , as we have done , is to be weak , as well as unprincipled ; take all or take nothing , and leave not the injured man a weapon to revenge himself . We have taken up the trade of fraud and violence , too late ; for the robber in possession has the advantage of us : our 's are the miserable gleanings , but his the full harvest of spoil and iniquity.—Sir , we 1209 have heard praises bestowed on what is called the vigour ministers : with such a want of regard for the interests of human nature , and with such a short sighted policy , inactivity would almost be a virtue . But , sir , a vain desire to be doing something , a restless passion for celebrity , a desire to eke out their want of reputation by some shewy noisy act , has misled them ; and , sir , it is unfortunately as hard to obtain a fair fame and an honest popularity , by wisdom and by talents , as it is easy to gain notoriety by extravagance , and excessive atrocity . They seemed determined to engraft their names on some striking action , and they have had recourse to injustice , that they might attract observation.—And , sir , though it require ; great patience , perseverance , and wisdom , to raise the fabric of a fair character and of great influence in Europe , yet the madness or incapacity of a few vain men in power can lay it in the dust in a few moments . Though one begins this subject with indignation , one ends it in grief . This , then , sir , is the situation in which we now stand , after this convulsive effort of insane exertion : Denmark has been invaded , despoiled , insulted , degraded , and exasperated beyond the remedy of restitution and repentance : Russia has been wounded -in her pride ; alienated in her policy , and driven into determined hostility : Sweden is exposed to imminent ruin , which even now is bursting on her head : France is justified , encouraged and strengthened in her course : and the rest of the world is turning away from us in disgust , regret , contempt , and indignation . And all these calamities , this nakedness of condition , we owe to ourselves , to our own violences , and not to the enemy . Hereafter , all our misfortunes must be embittered by the consciousness of having deserved them . In this portrait I do not recognize the ancient features of my country , the accustomed characteristics of England . They are defaced and destroyed by the misconduct of those who guide her affairs , and we are hesitating , or doing worse , we are meditating to invoke parliament in their disgrace . Let us stop , to use the language of the Declaration , while it is yet time , and withhold our sanction , if we have not the fortitude to censure their misdeeds.—Sir , it is difficult , ( I have found it impossible ) to speak of these