golden dream as to the Brazils ? He wished for no . better parallel than the instructions which had been given to lord St. Vincent , compared with those given to lord Cathcart , and he wished the right hon . secretary would move for them . He contended that the principles of right and wrong were to be considered in politics as well as in philosophy , and on these they must reason generally till a particular case was made out . It became those , who checked petitions for peace , to take care that no opportunity of negotiation should be let slip , merely on points of form . We ought to examine with jealousy into the subsidiary connection with Sweden . He agreed in the propriety of keeping the affair of the Chesapeake distinct from other points , and . in the necessity of maintaining our essential rights ; but we ought , at the same time , to guard against unnecessary irritation , and to beware of being led away by the name of vigour , so as to inflict a severe blow on our own commerce . The noble 69 lord expressed his regret , that there should be so little in the speech respecting the temporary policy as to Denmark , and nothing at all as to the permanent policy intended to be pursued towards Ireland . admitted , that if it could be proved , that there were secret articles in the treaty of Tilsit hostile to this country , and his majesty had information of them , the justification of ministers would be complete . But it would be too much to take all this for granted on the bare assertion of ministers . It was singular , that while the arguments were suspended , we were called upon to come to an immediate conclusion . He contended , that all the danger that could arise from a communication of the particulars of the intelligence , had been incurred already . He was surprized that those who had examined whether Portugal could be defended against France , had not also inquired into the practicability of defending Zealand , and whether the Danes were able and disposed to defend themselves . He certainly thought that ministers were hound , in their justification , to shew a good cause , or produce some document or information which might lead the house to discover that there was good ground for the expedition to Copenhagen . spoke in favour of the address . If the occupation of Alexandria was justifiable , so was that of Denmark . The only difference was , not in the principle , but in the issue . The expedition to Alexandria had proved injudicious and disastrous , and that to Copenhagen wise and successful . considered the Address , in that part which related to the Copenhagen expedition , without evidence to support the necessity of the measure , as one of the most outrageous proceedings that ever was attempted in parliament . Absolute necessity Might justify any thing ; but , as far as the evidence went , the effect of it was to shew , that no such necessity existed . There were two points of view in which this question was to be considered : first , the justice of it ; and , secondly ; supposing the thing to be just , the policy of it . It might be , that the proof of each was the same . By sheaving the measure to be necessary , you would , at the same time , shew it to be just . But , the proofs required might be separate . There might be circumstances , which would , strictly speaking , give you a right to do what you have done , which yet 70 would be very far from rendering such a step either prudent or advisable . Such , he was ready to maintain , was actually the case here . Whatever became of the question of right , on which he would agree to suspend his judgment till further information , he