a question came before the house , relative to the seizure of Oczakow by Russia , some members being then of opinion that the house was not in possession of information sufficient to warrant it in coming to a decision , moved for the production of other papers ; which Mr. Pitt thought proper to refuse . But Mr. Pitt , in refusing these papers , did not , like the right honourable gentleman opposite , pull from his pocket , or his box , the papers which he refused , and read extracts from them to the house ; but in a bold and manly way asked the house , in the absence of information which he did not think himself warranted to grant , to repose in him not a base and servile confidence , but such a fair degree of confidence as a minister who had long acted before them was entitled to expect . The other circumstance to which he alluded , happened in 1801 , when some complaints were made of a part of the army not having been properly supplied with provisions ; and when in answer to these complaints , a member of that house ( Mr. Dundas ) attempted to read a letter from 903 sir C. Stuart , he had not proceeded two sentences in that letter , when he was interrupted by Mr. Fox , as in a thing which was altogether irregular . Here then were the two highest authorities of modern times , uniting in support of the general doctrine which he had already laid down . But in opposition to this doctrine , the right hon . secretary had read extracts from papers which were not before the house evidently for the purpose of influencing its decision upon the subject to which they related ; and afterwards carried off the papers , part of which he had read , thus putting it out of the power of the house to recur to that evidence upon which its decision was to be grounded . On this conduct he thought it was the duty of the house of commons to put such a mark of censure , as to prevent the practice from being ever in future repeated . And if there was no precedent for what he was about to propose , he reminded the house , that the circumstances also were altogether novel , and on this ground he hoped that it would consider itself warranted in creating a precedent . The practice , if it was not checked , might be productive of the most prejudicial consequences : because it tended to draw the house into a decision , not upon evidence , but upon a simple representation ; because it might be converted into an unconstitutional means of influencing the resolutions of the house ; and because it went to introduce a new mode of bringing public papers before parliament , different from either of those which had been hitherto practised . There was also a favourite word with the right hon . secretary , namely 'diplomacy , ' and upon this part of the public service it could not fail to have the most pernicious influence . Did the right hon . gentleman think that it was matter of indifference to Mr. Garlike , that a part of one of his dispatches should he read ; and that the dispatch should afterwards be carried away , before the house was enabled to judge whether it would bear out the representation which had been founded upon it ? Such a system , if persevered in , might have the effect of depriving the public of the services of the ablest diplomatic men , by the apprehension which it would impose of their communications and characters not being safe in the hands of a secretary of state . And what servant of the public in that capacity would be secure , if a secretary of state were at liberty to come down and 904 read a part of a letter or a dispatch , and afterwards carry it off in his pocket , without leaving the