that restitution ; for it was a rule acknowledged by all writers on the law of nations , that what was public property , belonging to a state belonged still to that nation , whatever changes might take place in its government . The capture of the Dutch prizes , in the last war , was somewhat of the same principle : we took them from the Dutch while they were under the absolute influence of France , intending and engaging to restore them when Holland should again recover her freedom . After that period , we made a treaty of peace with Holland , in which her independence was completely acknowledged , and yet there was no restitution of the prizes taken from the Dutch before a declaration of war . He mentioned those cases , to shew that the instance then before the consideration of the house , was not , as had been represented , a case per se . He considered that the resolution would be highly improper , as pledging the country to make restitution of what there was no pretence to restore , after the hostilities which has since taken place between this country and Denmark ; and he thought it would be much more improper , as it would be an acknowledgment that we had acted improperly on an occasion , where our conduct could be strictly justified by the principles of self-preservation , by the law of nations , and the circumstances of the case . thought it necessary to recal the attention of noble lords to what really was the true question before the house . It had been considerably misrepresented and mis-stated . The question did not , as had been apprehended by the noble and learned lord upon the woolsack , at all intrench upon or in any degree affect , the prerogative of the crown . It 652 was , whether that house would resolve that it was expedient that the government should reserve to itself the power of restoring , eventually , the ships seized by us at Copenhagen , to the Danes . But noble lords swerved from this question , and had gone to that of the justification of the expedition itself . He certainly did think still , as he had always thought , that that expedition could not be warranted but upon the ground of necessity , and no case of necessity had been yet made out ; that house , at least , was in possession of no evidence whatever to warrant them in deciding that expedition to have been the result of hard necessity . He was not inclined at present to go into any exposition of the shifting , prevaricating testimony , which had been resorted to in defence of that measure ; at one time Denmark was represented as sincere in her professions of neutrality , but too weak to act up to her intentions ; at another , they were told , that as her sincerity was questionable , her means of annoyance were to be feared and provided against ; again , it was pretended that the sole ground of the expedition was the secret arrangements of the Treaty of Tilsit , and when it was attempted to trace their alledged information to any authentic source , Portugal was at one period brought forward as an informer ; and at another the disaffected Irish . This sort of shifting naturally created suspicion in the mind of every impartial man . The noble lord then proceeded to consider the present motion in reference to the question of peace , and appealed to the feelings of noble lords , if it would not be more for the honour of the country , if they could commence a negociation , after a voluntary concession upon their parts , rather than the subsequent degradation of a forced surrender , exacted by the stipulations of a treaty ? defended the expedition , and opposed the resolution , which he considered would not only be dangerous to adopt , but improper in its principle . A noble and learned lord had begun by