before the grand juries , during the same period , and the time the assizes continued.—After some observations from Mr. Foster and sir J. Newport , the motions were agreed to . after moving the order of the day for going into a committee on the Petitions against the Orders in Council , thought it right , before he should move that the Speaker do leave the chair , to state the course which he proposed to recommend to the house to adopt , on the subject of the examination of other witnesses , and which , upon inquiry , he found to be conformable to the precedents of the practice of the house on similar occasions . It was therefore not his intention to move this day for the production of other evidence , but according to the practice of the house to allow the present petitioners to close their case , and afterwards to hear the observations of their counsel , upon the evidence produced by them . It would then be competent to the house , if the evidence should not appear sufficient , to call upon the other petitioners , or upon other witnesses , and to examine them , touching the subject . But as it might not be fair , to call upon the learned counsel , suddenly , to submit his observations to the house , upon the evidence , he proposed , that , however short the time might be , which would be occupied this night in the examination of the remaining witnesses , the business should stand over till Tuesday , when the learned counsel should he heard upon the evidence . thought , that even the course proposed on the preceding evening , by the right hon . gent . that of hearing the contrary evidence , and of being present by their counsel to cross-examine the witnesses that should be brought forward , before he was finally to sum up , would have been much more desirable for the petitioners than that now suggested . It would be peculiarly hard upon the petitioners , if evidences should be brought forward to disprove the allega- 1252 tions of their petition , and contravert the evidence they produced in support of them , that they should not be permitted to cross-examine the witnesses by their counsel , or call other witnesses in support of their case . The house was placed in a novel situation by the course pursued by the right hon . gent . though all these difficulties might be avoided , if the proceeding had originated in a committee of trade . insisted that the proceeding was perfectly regular , and adverted to the precedent of the course adopted upon a Petition against the Tobacco bill in the year 1790 , as fully in point ; on which occasion the petitioners evidence and counsel had been heard at the bar ; and the house had afterwards thought fit to call for other witnesses , and to examine with respect to the matter of the petition and the evidence brought forward in support of it . acquiesced for the present , but reserved to himself the right to oppose the course proposed by the right hon . gent . if it should appear to him not to be regular . then laid down the practice of the house in a clear and satisfactory manner . Whatever course it should ultimately please the house to adopt , the proceeding , he observed had been hitherto perfectly regular . In the opposition which had been given to the Boston port bill , and the bill to restrain the Trade of New England , petitioners had been heard by their counsel at the bar of this house , and evidence examined in support of their petitions , but that had not precluded the house from taking such other steps as were deemed expedient to investigate the allegations of the petitioners . There were many instances of the examination of witnesses upon petitions , at the bar of the house , but the later practice had been to examine witnesses at the