the paper ; but he was satisfying an individual objection to the pacific character of his administration , and to confirm his assertion , he read the dispatch of nine years old , and he read it throughout ; how can this be compared with the conduct to which my motion refers ? Does this drive me from the principle stated by Mr. Pitt in 1792 ? quite the reverse , it leaves his conduct and the principle I contend for quite untouched . Why did not the right hon . gent . follow it ? why , because his previous misconduct and misrepresentation had made it quite impossible for him to rest on constitutional ground , and to comply with the usages of parliament . Be had published a declaration , in which he made his majesty tell all Europe , that the affair of Copenhagen was justified by the secret article of the treaty of Tilsit—so it stands in the first declaration—in the second declaration respecting Russia , the talk of secret arrangements at Tilsit , as justifying their measure—hut in his majesty 's speech they drop these justifications entirely , and they call it a painful— ( not a just—the usual expression ) —but a painful and necessary measure . It was incumbent upon them to answer all this in parliament ; they had publicly declared the ground on which they had attacked Copenhagen , and they had declared false ground—they could not have recourse to Mr. Pitt 's constitutional defence in 1792—he had made no false declarations to embarrass him , therefore when he refused papers he desired the house to confide in him , that there were secrets of state , the disclosure of which would injure the public—that he required not a base and servile , but an honourable and constitutional confidence . But the conduct of the right hon . gent by his previous unfounded justification had deprived him of all right to confidence , and of all means of using it—that consti- 916 tutional argument for secrecy . He must refuse the papers , and the only ground he had for inducing the house to agree with him was , to state parts of those very papers which he refused . Sir , the manner in which the right hon . gent . has attacked me in defending himself makes it necessary for me to state , the truth.— [ A laugh from the government benches . ] — Sir , if I have committed a lapsus linguœ in the hurry of speaking , it argues no folly in the person speaking , whatever folly may be attached to those who raise the laugh . Sir , I have in my motions and in my opening stated nothing but truth , but I stated it in temperate and civil language.—I said nothing vindictive or personal , and I have put no coarse expression in the motion . But the vindictive spirit of the defence , and my being falsely accused of a vindictive spirit , entitles me to say now with truth , that he did garble the dispatches which he read , and that having assigned false causes for his attack on Copenhagen , he could not refuse information on the ground of confidence , but was obliged to have recourse to garble the dispatches , which he read to this house . The gentlemen on the other side say , that the cases I quoted do not bear me out , and that as no motion was made on them , that it proves there was nothing irregular done , and that Mr. Fox , being a political enemy of lord Melville , his reprimand is no authority . Sir , I deny the accuracy of this reasoning—the cases to be found are but two—they are slight transgressions , compared to that which I am now censuring , and the mere notice was thought sufficient to check them . But what was the conduct to which my motions refer ? —A secretary of state for three hours together , taking from his box state paper after state paper , reading