of treaty , and contributing to throw a stigma of reproach upon the British character . These were charges which he believed were entirely unfounded in truth , and incapable of proof . He considered the noble marquis had a right now to expect the decision of the house . The business had already been 3 years under discussion . He did not mean , however , to say that any unnecessary delay had taken place . The papers connected with the business were so volumnious , they required a considerable length of time to be got in readiness , and the house could not be called upon to the evidence , till they had had time to canvass and examine it . Gentlemen on the other side of the house seemed to mistake the real situation of the prince of Oude . They considered him al com- 1145 pletely independent of this country . But , this was not the fact . He was a protected prince , living under the protection of G. Britain . By the treaty concluded by sir John Shore , G. Britain had a right to interfere with the internal concerns of Oude ; and in all the proceedings of marquis Wellesley , there was nothing contrary to existing stipulations , which had been said respecting encreasing the subsidy paid to this country : but he found nothing in this particularly applicable to the noble marquis . Since the year 1773 , to the year 1798 , alterations had been made seven times in the amount of subsidy paid by the nabob of Oude . In the year 1773 , he paid yearly the sum of 300,000l . and in the year 1798 , he paid the increased yearly sum of 900,000l . But gentlemen would observe , that the expence incurred by the company in defence of the province , had also of late years greatly increased . He considered the defence of Oude , and of our East India possessions , as one and the same thing . When marquis Wellesley arrived in India , he wrote the court of directors the plan of the conduct he meant to follow . This letter lay upon their table ; and if the court had disapproved of his intentions , would it not have been but justice both to themselves and to the noble marquis , immediately to have sent him notice . The miseries which have existed in our East India settlements , he considered to have sprung in a great measure from pecuniary subsidies , of which he completely disapproved . Territorial subsidies he considered much less oppressive in their effect . The company had at the present time , 69,000 men for the defence of Bengal , and 40,000 in the Doab , or on the banks of the Ganges , for the defence of Oude . Objections had been stated to our introducing troops into Oude , as if contrary to treaty ; however , the papers before the house shewed that it was not so . He maintained that the nabob of Oude was in a better situation now than before the late arrangements . His dominion was fixed , and the subsidy payable to the company was not liable to be increased by contingencies . He concluded , by saying , he thought some of the resolutions moved for by the noble lord so much like to truth , and some of so frivolous a nature , he should wish to get rid of them , not by a negative , but by moving the previous question . The last resolution , however , he considered extremely objectionable , and would give it his negative . said , he could not in all points in this question , join speakers on either side . He would endeavour to express his private sentiments upon the question , in as few words as possible . When the noble marquis went to India , as governor-general , the yearly revenue amounted to 7,000,000l . when he left it , the revenue amounted to 15,000,000l This was doubling the revenue certainly ,