that he was wrong . Under these impressions , he should give his unqualified support to the Address . whatever might have been his disposition not to trouble the house with any observations on the present occasion , could not remain silent after the speech of the hon . gent . who had just sat down . However he might respect the talents of that hon . member , and the discernment with which he applied those talents in commenting on the eloquence of those who had preceded him , he could not agree with him in his observation , imputing a defect of sagacity to his right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , than whom no man possessed that faculty in a more eminent degree . Neither the hon . gent . with all his talents , nor all the concentrated talents of Europe , could overturn the eternal principles of justice which his right hon . friend had asserted . The hon . gent . had quoted a passage from Vattel , in justification of the expedition to Copenhagen ; but this passage would not apply to the defence of a measure so cruel and unjust in its principles , and which he feared would prove so baneful in its consequences to this country . He agreed with his right hon . friend , that it was possible it might be justified , and he hoped he would follow up the notice he had given for papers to ascertain that point . The hon . member who had seconded the address , and for whom he entertained a high respect , had talked of the private morality of the nation ; but he wondered that hon . gent . did not blush for the right hon . gentlemen below him , when making that observation . Had this country , which had been so long calling upon the Living God in defence of morality and social order , now at length found out that its conduct was wrong , and that Bonaparte , who had been all that time worshipping Baal , was right ? By the attack upon Denmark we had gained fifteen 59 or sixteen hulks , but had excited an inextinguishable hatred in the breasts of the Danes , and given the whole maritime population of that country to France . It was urged , that the attack , was made in order to prevent Denmark from joining France ; but had it not shut us out from that country , and thrown its whole resources into the arms of France ? Ministers asserted that they had some information of the designs of Denmark , which they kept back , but which justified their conduct . From his heart he believed they had none , but if they had , they owed it to the house to produce it . The hon . gent . under the gallery ( Mr. Milnes ) had asserted , that the collection of the Danish army on the frontiers of Holstein was a proof of the understanding between the court of Copenhagen and the courts of Russia and France . But if Denmark had leagued with Russia and France , was it not more likely that she would have collected her army in Zealand to resist the attack of the power against whom she had formed a connection ? Upon this point they had assertion against assertion , and he had no hesitation in saying , that he believed the assertion of the prince royal of Denmark in preference to that of his majesty 's ministers ; and here he must express his regret , that the noble lord who had moved the address , should have given way to an insulting taunt upon that gallant prince . If his courage had not been already tried , if he had not steadily persevered in the principles upon which he had professed to act during the present war , and shewn that in his country 's defence he was insensible to personal fear , such observations might have been well timed . He could not but remark here