the noble lord were applicable to the article of cotton only : and , in the next place , he informed the house , that there was no disinclination whatever on the part of his majesty 's allies to concur in the system which government had found it expedient to adopt in the present period of the war ; and that assurances had been received from Sweden , in particular , of the willingness of that government to give every facility for carrying that system into full effect . A general assurance of this nature had been received , but it could not be supposed , that any distinct and decisive expression of approbation of the whole details of the measure had been received , because those details were not yet finally arranged , and were still subject to the decision of parliament . asked if it was not proposed to levy a tax upon the exportation of sugar ? he understood this to be the intention ; and , if so , it might be carried direct from America to Sweden : and as Sweden had no sugar colonies except the small island of Saint Bartholomew , and consequently had no sugar monopoly to protect , he did not think it probable that the government of that country would concur in imposing a duty upon this article merely to secure the British monopoly . He wished to know therefore , what assurances ministers had received that Gottenburgh would not be converted into a depot for supplying the continent with colonial produce . replied , that government had received general assurances of the readiness of Sweden to concur in giving effect to the measure . said , that if the king of Sardinia co-operated in the measure , the result of this co-operation , as to him , would be to deprive him of the only part of his dominions of which he-was still in possession ; and if Sweden refused to co-operate , which he thought not at all improbable , the right hon . gent . had told the house that she was to be compelled to concur in it . And this was the reward which was to be conferred upon our only remaining ally ! this the encouragement which we held out to other nations , to attach themselves to our cause ! this the motive which we presented to those powers by whom we had been deserted , to return to their old connection with us ! stated , that the king of Sardinia was not an , ally of this country and that he had never been asked to concur in the measure ; and that from the king of Sweden , who was our ally , the most satisfactory assurances on this head had been received.—After a short reply from lord H. Petty , a division took place : For the motion 71 . Against it 130. presented a Petition from the Merchants of Liverpool against the Orders in Council bill . He said he was sensible of the readiness with which parliament and ministers attended to the petitions of the people , and the high respectability of the Liverpool merchants would , he was persuaded , obtain for them all due attention . He was aware that the forms of parliament might operate against his motion for receiving the present petition , and he was far , from wishing for any departure from its rules . The petition , however , did not go to oppose the duties , but the spirit of the bill , while it expressed apprehensions that from the nature of the warfare , we might lose much , and the enemy gain . Liverpool at present possessed three-fourths of the trade with America ; and the disbursements amounted to 150,000l . annually for the last three years . Front bearing so great a portion , Liverpool would be most particularly affected ; and he therefore hoped there would be no objection to receiving the petition against the present bill . asked if the Petition was against the bill which provided certain duties under the Orders in Council