, is the point to which all her policy should tend ; and if ever , forsaking these maxims , she should seek to enlarge her power by any acts of ambitious injustice , may she then , for the welfare of the human race , cease to be any longer great or powerful ? Her courts of maritime jurisdiction are more wisely calculated to preserve the , freedom of navigatation , than those of any other country : 'as they are not subject to the controul of her executive power , the passions of her Princes or Ministers can never influence the decisions of them . '—My lords , you can not but have observed that the noble author holds so high the honour of G. Britain , that he even wishes , that her greatness may not survive her justice ; may he never see their cotemporary declension . The noble earl , so eminent in commercial learning , selected for his title a place raised from an insignificant village , even within all our memories , to an immense flourishing city ; whose environs , like our own , are bespangled for miles with the cheerful and costly habitations of men , almost all arising from the trade of America , which these Orders are calculated to extinguish ; for the slave trade did not amount to a tenth of her commerce . I hope he will not , through their operation , see this great city fast returning to a village again . Speaking of this noble earl , as Mr. Burke did formerly of the venerable earl of Bathurst , who remembered America only a snail speck in the mass of national interest , yet growing , even in her trade with England , to equal in commerce the whole habitable world , I might say , 'fortunate indeed if he shall live to see nothing which shall vary the prospect , and cloud the setting of his day . '—My lords , it may be now asked , whether I mean to contend upon all these authorities , that the Judge of the Admiralty ought not to carry the Orders in Council into execution . It may probably be said , that my argument goes to that full extent ; since if it be not competent for his majesty to dictate to his prize courts a rule repugnant to the law of nations , the rule given by the Orders ought , according to my doctrine , to be resisted by these courts . My answer , my lords , to this seeming dilemma is by far the most important part of the whole subject , and it was , for that reason I insisted , at such length , upon the injustice of introducing facts , into the preamble of the Order , 958 which had no existence ; because I maintain , that without such preamble the Judge of the Admiralty could not , consistently with all the authorities , and most especially with his own , have given effect to the exceptionable parts . But with the preamble , the truth of which he is bound by , I have not contended that the Order is not a law to his court.—I admit , my lords , in the fullest extent , that it is the king 's office and duty in the state to communicate with the Courts of the Admiralty and Prizes , and to issue orders , from time to time , for their government . The king alone can promulgate who are enemies and who are not ; or what nations he chooses to consider his enemies , even before any declaration of hostilities . Without such acts of state the Courts of Admiralty and Prizes could do nothing . I admit that it would be for the king , in the very case before us , to promulgate to the Court of Admiralty the hostile Decree of France ; and if the fact were so , to promulgate also that it had been executed upon America , and her non-resistance to its execution . I admit