of the house over their purse , and to prevent any unnecessary burdens being imposed on them . From these considerations , he felt it his duty to oppose the motion . said , that he should not feel it necessary to trouble the house with many observations , as the grounds stated by his noble friend appeared so generally to meet the approbation of the house . He perfectly agreed with the hon . baronet who spoke last , that the people of England had a right now , and at all times , to claim from that house a vigilant attention to the economical management of their affairs ; but he believed the hon . baronet would not convince the house or the country , that parsimony in rewarding eminent services was the best or truest economy . If , as the hon . baronet had stated , the present times were times of great peril , there was the more necessity for marking their sense of distinguished military services . He could not see what practical object could be accomplished by declamations on the merits of the people of England , although it was undoubtedly true that they had considerable merit in bearing so well the burdens which the necessity of the times imposed upon them . But how was this merit to be rewarded ? Was it by giving them pensions of this nature ? If not , he did not see how that argument bore upon the present question . The hon . baronet had talked of the unexampled means which the crown possessed of rewarding merit of this sort . He knew of no such unexampled means ; and the hon . baronet might have known , that the crown was limited in the power of granting pensions on the Civil List , and could not give a greater pension than 1,200l . per annum , which , after all deductions , would not produce more than 800l . per annum clear ; and that would he evidently inadequate for the reward of such services as those of lord Lake . observed , that while the hon . baronet thought that the merit of lord Lake was no ground for the pension , a noble lord who sat behind him ( lord Folkestone ) had contended , that the ne- 796 cessity of his family was no ground either . If , then , both the grounds of merit and necessity were taken away , the motion must be , of course , rejected . In speaking of the merit of lord Lake , from his own knowledge , he would say , that he was as cool and intrepid as any man in action , and that his generosity was shewn nowhere in a more conspicuous manner than in the field of battle . He not only distinguished himself for his humane attention in visiting the sick and wounded , but he often supplied their wants from his own means . His table was not only open to his brother officers , but his wine went to the sick and wounded of the private soldiers . He did not think that the hon . baronet would condemn an expenditure of this nature , or think that his family should suffer from his well-directed liberality . said , that , under all the circumstances of the case , he must agree in voting for the motion . He believed , in general , that the rewarding merit was the best economy ; yet although he agreed in the propriety of the pension being now granted , he did not believe that the house could ever have been persuaded to agree to it , if it had been applied for immediately after the battle of Delhi , and when lord Lake held such important and lucrative situations . He believed that he carried his wishes as far as any man for every possible retrenchment in the public expenditure , but he disclaimed the idea of participating in the sentiments which had been delivered by the hon . baronet , and which he conceived would produce