, and as forming a counterpoise to the power of the ruler of the continent ; whilst G. Britain held the balance between the new and the old world , and enjoyed all those immense advantages which must result . from such a commanding situation . The measures of ministers , however , forbad this pleasing prospect , and threatened us with 1276 a war with those , from whose increasing prosperity we might otherwise derive the most solid advantages . His lordship concluded , by reading the following Resolutions , the first of which , he moved : —1 . `` That it appears to this house , that his majesty hath been advised , without any alleged provocation front the U . States of America , to issue Orders in Council , on and subsequent to the 11th of Nov. 1807 , for interrupting nearly the whole of the commerce of the said states with the continent of Europe ; for limiting such trade to be carried on in future through . British ports only , ( with the exception of neutral and allied ports in certain cases ) ; thereby exposing it to such restrictions and duties , and even prohibitions , as the government of G. Britain may think it to impose upon it ; and for confiscating the property of the citizens of the said states , in all cases where the same shall be accompanied by particular documents , certifying the place of its growth or manufacture.—2 . That it appears to this house , that previous to the issuing of the said Orders in Council , a negotiation had been carried on between this country and the U . States of America , for the maintenance of peace and friendship between them , and that a treaty had been actually signed respecting some of the most material points in discussion ; that a desire had been expressed by the government of the said U . States for the addition of certain other provisions to the said treaty , and that a proposal was made for renewing the negotiation for that purpose ; but that this offer was abruptly and intemperately rejected by his majesty 's ministers.—3 . That at the time when the said Orders were issued , his majesty 's ministers had recently received from the ministers of the U . States in this kingdom , assurances that the injurious decrees of his majesty 's enemies had not , in any one instance , been executed against the commerce or navigation of the States : and that from all that had passed subsequent to the issuing of the said decrees , his majesty 's ministers had every reason to conclude , that any attempt of the enemy so to execute the same ; would be decidedly resisted by the government of the U . States ; whereby it must have happened , either that the , said decrees would have continued to be wholly nugatory and ineffectual , or that the enemy , by endeavouring to enforce the same , would have driven the U . States into a closer connection with this country.—4 . That it ap- 1277 pears to this house , that the Order issued by his majesty in council , on the 7th of Jan. 1807 , was not intended to interrupt neutrals in a commerce of discharge from port to port of the enemies territories ; that such was understood to be its legal construction by those who were in his majesty 's service at the time the said order was issued ; and that an explanation to that effect was given by them to the Danish minister , in an official Note dated on the 17th of March , 1807.—That in a note from the American secretary of state to Mr. Erskine , dated on the 20th of the same month , considerable uneasiness was expressed , under an apprehension of a contrary interpretation of the said Order ; and that the above mentioned Note was actually received by his majesty 's present ministers in the month of April last . Yet no steps have been