of about nine , having visited the House of Correction for the said county , commonly called the Cold-Bath-Fields Prison , on Tuesday , Nov. 3 , in the year of our Lord 1807 , between the hours of 11 and 12 in 686 the forenoon : They there discovered , that all the loaves found by them ( each of which ought to contain 16 ounces , and to be distributed daily , at 10 o'clock in the morning ) were greatly deficient in point of quantity , as will be seen from the annexed statement on the part of one of the magistrates of the city of London : That the prison weight demanded and used upon the present occasion , for trying the loaves in rotation , proved also deficient , as was fully demonstrated in both instances on the same day , when compared with the standard at Guildhall , in the presence , first , of sir W. Leighton , knight , then lord mayor ; and afterwards of R. Phillips , esq . then and still one of the sheriffs of London and Middlesex , as well as of four of the late grand jury ; and , moreover , that the scales of the said prison were false and fraudulent . '' 'Copy of a letter from Mr. Sheriff Phillips to William Mainwaring , esq . chairman of the quarter sessions , & c. Sir ; I consider it a duty which I owe the public to inform you , as chairman of the quarter sessions , and , I believe , one of the committee for conducting the business of the prison , that I was present when an appeal was lately made by the grand jury of the county to the standard weights in Guildhall ; that I witnessed the examination of the pound weight for weighing meat and other provisions in the house of correction , Cold-Bath-Fields , when it was found to be seven-eighths of an ounce too light ; and that on weighing some loaves which were found in the same prison , by the grand jury , they appeared also to be considerably too light , one or two of them being from an ounce and a half to two ounces under weight . I should compromise the feelings which I bear towards the respectable magistracy of the county of Middlesex , if I were to omit to make this formal communication . I have the honour to be , & c.—R . PHILLIPS , Sheriff ; —Bridge-street , Nov. 13 , 1807 . '—Your petitioner , together with other gentlemen , late members of the grand jury , also discovered , that several of the liege subjects of this realm were committed to close custody in cells destitute of fire , 8 feet 3 inches long , by 6 feet 3 inches wide , two of them in irons , although sick ; some , if not all , of these were innocent in point of fact , as all were then innocent in point of law , being detained under the pretext of re-examination , and consequently uncondemned by the legal judg- 687 ment of their peers , or even the accusatory verdict of a grand jury . Of this number were a mother , a daughter , and a son , of creditable appearance ; the two former in one cell , so situated as to be exposed to a continual current of external air , without the possibility of obtaining , even during the severest frost , an artificial warmth by means of fuel , while the convicts below enjoyed all the comforts of an open roomy ward , with occasional access to fire . That in one of these lonely cells was closely confined a foreigner of some rank , the Chevalier de Blin , who , as we were told , by one of the jailors , while so immured , had been deprived of his reason , and who presented to your petitioner , after communicating with him for some time in the French language through the key-hole , and