of Feb. when he ( Mr. Canning ) was entirely deserted , not only by that right hon . and learned gent . but by all his colleagues . The right hon . gent . might have gone away satisfied in some degree with the effect of his own lively speech ; that speech , however , he must confess , had made no impression on his mind . said , the arguments urged by his two right hon . friends were so extremely forcible and convincing , that he should only say a very few words . He then went over his former argument , that his right hon . friend had refused the motion of the 8th of Feb. for those papers , because he had been charged with reacting them for a purpose which he disclaimed ; and the noble lord thought if the motion was agreed to , it would so bind the house up , that it would be next to impossible to read any information to the house . He should therefore support the amendment , and vote for the order of the day . was sorry , that in all arguments of this kind a great deal of party spirit and party animosity was too often introduced . In the instance he was about to introduce , he declared he did not mean to impute any blame to the noble lord for having done as he did ; but as so much stress had been laid on reading extracts of dispatches by the other side of the house , he could not help mentioning a case of that nature which happened not a year ago . At that time a change of ministry having recently taken place , lord Howick , in the absence of ministers , who were then in the country attending their elections , had produced , and read to the house , an extract from an official document , made on the subject of a private interview between his sovereign and himself . He repeated that he did not men- 912 tion it as a matter of blame in the noble lord . He might have the leave of his majesty to read it , but it was certainly a case very strongly in point on the present occasion . —Sir ; it is now my privilege to rise in reply ; and considering the manner in which this subject has been treated by gentlemen on the other side of the house , and particularly by they right hon . gent . who has left the house , I have no doubt but that I shall be heard with attention.—I have to regret , from the very bottom of my heart , that the right hon . gent . has thought it proper to retire before he heard my answer to some of his statements , because I detest the idea of saving behind a man 's back , that which affects himself personally . But he is the cause of this , and not me . I must desire his friends who remain to report to him , and to state the positive contradiction which I am about to give to a matter which he stated respecting myself . Which I shall do , I can assure you , sir , much as I feel the injury of his misrepresentation , in language perfectly parliamentary . Sir , I must begin with this , because I am determined to set myself right , not only from the misrepresentation of the fact , but from being supposed capable of having accused another of a transgression which I had myself committed . The right hon . gent . was pleased to say , that I had myself , on a former occasion , transgressed the usage which I now contend for in the motion I have now made . The right hon . gent . chose to introduce this with a despicable witticism . `` A pension during pleasure ( he said ) oh , no , it was not , it was the profit , not the pleasure ,