was to come on so early as Wednesday next , when the merits would be brought regularly and fully under discussion ; for , though the ministers had surreptitiously , he must say , on the first day of the session , procured an implied approbation , yet , certain it was , that the house had not as yet been directly pledged , either one way or the other . The time , however , was near when the 738 subject would come under the review , of the house , and for that reason he Would not enter fully into its merits at present . He had , he declared sincerely , entered With the greatest reluctance into the condemnation of the principle of the attack upon Copenhagen . He had before said , and said truly , that on the first day of the session he had come down to the house , with a most earnest hope that ministers would be enabled to justify themselves by some kind of information at least ; for it must be odious to a man to be enabled to make out a case against his country . He had hoped first , that strong information would be given , which would prove the measure to be an act of necessity , or that some unequivocal instance of the hostility of Denmark would be shewn ; or , lastly , that every proof would be produced , which could afford a tolerable pretext for their conduct . But , when he found that instead of this , they only made an aukward attempt to form something of a mixture out of the whole three ; that they first pretended a strong state necessity ; that on being driven from this , they tried to point out a variety of provocations on the part of Denmark ; that they then said that it was necessary to do some stout act , which would prove to the world that they could imitate Buonaparte ; and that the result of the whole was a total denial of all actual information whatever ; he could not then disguise the unfavourable impression which had been made upon his mind . He maintained , that there never was a case in the history of England , when a war was commenced , with all the taxes and privations to which it subjected the nation , where such a denial of all information as to the causes and grounds of it had been manifested . The house ought not to run away with the idea that the granting of information was dangerous ; an allegation which was ever ready on the lips of those whose purposes required concealment . It led , they said , to the exposure of the fortunes and lives of those who gave it , and the correspondence of our ambassadors ought not to be laid open to general inspection . But , admitting that the granting of information might sometimes be inconvenient , perhaps even dangerous , still they overlooked the vital principle of our free constitution . Publicity was the very essence of that constitution . Despotic governments certainly had some advantages from that secret lurking manner in which business might be there transacted . But we ought 739 to balance the advantages of the different forms of government ; and consider whether , without those peculiar conveniences enjoyed by a despotic government , we had not advantages ten thousand times greater . On these grounds , he would call the attention of the house to three points : 1st , Such communications as had been made of the correspondence between our late government , and our minister at Copenhagen , consisting of two parts ; that which had been produced entire , and the extracts which had been read here . He really wished to shelter his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) from the strong rebuke which he had met with from a high authority in the other house , as having lost sight of his duty . That would probably be overlooked here , if he did