sir , is distinctly and directly contradicted both by Russia and by France ; and such a confederacy is utterly inconsistent with the conversation that took place between the emperor of Russia and lord Hutchinson . Lord G. L. Gower vindicates our conduct towards Copenhagen , by alledg- 1190 ing the intention of France , and the positive data he had of such intentions , but he says nothing of the confederacy ; and speaking of this vindication in a subsequent dispatch , he says , 'that so far from concealing the reasons which produced that expedition , he had declared them with the utmost frankness . ' In Mr. Secretary Canning 's reply to the dispatch of 2nd Sept. he says that his 'majesty entirely approved of the answer returned by lord G. L. Gower to general Budberg 's note , on the subject of the operations at Copenhagen . ' Lord G. L. Cower also in another dispatch , states expressly 'that it was sometime after this that the French mission considered itself as having triumphed'— . But , sir , the dates alone are sufficient to destroy the credibility of the pretext , and with its credibility to destroy too all our pretensions to veracity and justice . The treaty was signed on the Niemen , on the 8th July , and the order for the sailing of the expedition was on the 19th . It is remarkable , too , that the object of this expedition had been announced several days before in more than one newspaper . The collection , too , of so extensive an armament required much previous exertion , and much previous time ; nor will any facilities arising from former preparations , account for the early embarkation . This plea , however , has not been supported by refusing papers , & c. and has been abandoned . Russia was at issue with the declaration on a question of fact , and his majesty 's ministers have run out of court afraid to stand trial.—On the whole it it seems to be believed that his majesty 's ministers might have received some intelligence to the supposed effect , but that they found themselves deceived , after having largely rewarded the informant , and that having used the allegation as a- pretext , it was not possible to own that they had been duped.—3rd . But , Denmark has been charged with having been caught intriguing with Russia and France , and with having been guilty of collusion . Sir , the ministers in advancing this charge , which was so soon abandoned , Seen to have acted on the base principle of giving others a bad name , that we may save ourselves the trouble of doing them justice ; and the same unjustifiable motive seems to have actuated them in charging her also , more generally , with bearing an hostile mind to this country . The hon . secretary endeavours to prove it from the conduct of the Danes in 1801 , ( ascribed 1191 in the declaration only to an inability to resist the dictation of Russia and France , ) and from their joining the armed neutrality in the American war.—Now , sir , it is not denied that Russia was concerned , or rather was the principal in both these hostile acts , and yet we properly enough confided in her subsequent treaty with us , and hostility in Bohemia and Poland , against France . Were we to reject her aid , or at least to place no reliance on it , because she had thought fit to be jealous of Our maritime superiority , to slew disgust at some of the exercises of it , and to combine for its diminution ? But , while the hon . secretary was consulting history for past proofs of present hostilities , why did he stop so short ? If he had but gone back to the Heptarchy , he might have found irresistible evidence of the hostility of Denmark , and of the propriety of revenging on the Danes , our contemporaries , the injustice we