motion , and observed , that it would prevent persons from giving information to government , if an example was given of laying information so obtained upon the table of the house . contended , that the objection of danger did not apply in this case , all that was desired being the date and substance of the information received . The term , increased rigour , implied that there had been not only a rigour , but afterwards an additional rigour , and he thought the house ought to be in possession of the substance of the information which had authorised the use of this term . contended , that communicating the date and substance , would in many instances as effectually betray the source from which such information was derived , as if the names of the parties had been given , and might be productive of great danger to individuals , and prevent government from in future receiving important information.—The house then divided— Contents 27 Proxies 20—47 Non Contents 23 15—38 Majority for ld . Grenville 's motion-9 . List of the Majority . Gloucester , Ellenborough , Norfolk , Lauderdale , Somerset , Selkirk . Bedford , Proxies Essex , Bute , Carlisle , Hereford , Albemarle , Thanet , Jersey , Bulkeley , Spencer , Lucan , Cholmondeley , Ossory , Cowper , Carnarvon , St. Vincent , Shaftesbury , Grey , Blandford , Sidmouth , Rosslyn , St. John , Guilford , Darnley , Buckinghamshire , King , Stawell , Somers , Mendip , Holland , Braybrooke , Grenville , Derby , Auckland , Carysfort , Erskine , Fife , Moira , Southampton , Hutchinson , Foley . desired that the clerk should read the proclamation issued by two noble lords prior to the attack upon 643 Copenhagen , and his majesty 's Declaration . Both documents having been read accordingly , the noble lord said , that he rose to submit to their lordships the motion of which he had already given notice . The purport of that motion referred to the eventual restoration of the vessels captured at Copenhagen to Denmark ; he would say , the eventual restoration , for it was possible that circumstances might arise which would render such an arrangement impracticable . It was not impossible but that Denmark might fall as much under the power of France as any of the continental . states , in which case no one would think of advising the restoration of the Danish navy ; for to restore it to Denmark would be to place it at the disposal of France . In the proposition which he had to make , it was far from his intention to interfere with that incontrovertible prerogative of his majesty which placed at his disposal , all captures ; neither was it his intention to contravene any expressed opinion of that house . Their lordships , by their vote on the first day of the session , had recognized the justice of the measure which placed the navy of Denmark in the possession of this country , and they had sanctioned and corroborated that decision by their subsequent vote , that no further papers were necessary . He was not , he would repeat , disposed to contravene these determinations . He was only acting on the principles of his majesty 's Declaration ; on the principles of the Proclamation issued by the two noble lords who commanded the expedition against Copenhagen ; and on the principles upon which ministers justified that expedition , when he endeavoured to persuade their lordships , that the honour , the character , and the interests of this country were involved in eventual restoration of the Danish navy . Necessity and self-protection were the grounds upon which the seizure of the fleet of Denmark was justified . The rejection of an inadmissible offer was assigned as the reason for destroying the capital of a neutral state . We offered to take the fleet in deposit—an arrangement to which the court of Denmark could not possibly listen , without Compromising its honour , and exposing itself to the resentment of