millions it India . The two first unquestionably were parties in the investigation ; but with ; aspect to the suffering millions in India , did not that learned gent . know , that the accuation of the chiefs and rajahs of India against the British government there , that it was a government for the protection of the lower orders , who , in the provinces under British influence , enjoyed a degree of security and happiness , for which they in vain sought in any other par of Asia ? The suffering millions of India therefore , were no parties to this cause . The noble lord had expressed his hope that no person would decide on this question from motives of personal attachment . For himself , the long friendship , with which he had been honoured by the noble marquis , had naturally created in his mind feelings of the highest respect and attachment ; but in communicating to the house his sentiments on the subject , he was actuated by nobler motives . He had himself been in India ; he had witnessed the danger at which it had trembed ; he had 1020 witnessed the joy which the relief that the noble marquis 's measures afforded had occasioned . He had heard the opinions in India of the most faithful and the most intelligent of the company 's servants , and he had never heard a doubt expressed of the justice and propriety of the noble marquis 's conduct . It would be enough for the vindication of the noble marquis , were he to state that the principles on which he acted had been approved of by the government who employed him . This would be enough for the vindication of every executive officer . But he would go further , he would slew that even had that approbation not been given , the noble marquis 's conduct would have been not the less justifiable and honourable . The subject resolved itself into two parts , the transmutation of subsidy for territory , and the military interference with the province of Oude . With regard to the first point , the measures which the noble marquis pursued were imperiously called for . He was guided by the declaration of the East India company , repeatedly made ; for instance , to lord Hobart , who was instructed to transmute subsidy into territory , in order that the territory from which the company were to derive support in war should be in their hands during peace , and be thus rendered more available when a period of war might occur . When the noble marquis first went out to India , he was charged by the court of directors with similar instructions , to change subsidy for territory ; and when he failed in an undertaking of that nature ( from circumstances which it was not necessary to state ) they lamented that failure . Subsequently , when the noble marquis effected a transmutation of subsidy for territory with the rajah of Tanjore , the court of Directors thanked him for so doing . After this , they could not surely turn short round and say that an accession of territory in India was against the law in all cases . There was another reason why they could not say this : thinking highly of the services of the noble marquis in the war against Tippoo Sultaun , the court of directors had behaved to him as a great body ought to behave to a great man , and had rewarded him with a pension during the continuance of their charter , expressly declaring that by the destruction of Tippoo the company had gained a great accession of territory ! ' How , then , could the noble marquis suppose , after this explicit declaration , that 1021 there could be any disapprobation of future transmutation ? But , this was not all . The noble marquis had , in this particular instance , informed the company of his intentions ; he had told them that he meant to avail himself of the existing