when it did meet , he would not give the house of commons an opportunity of discussing them . This was the course which the right hon . gent had pursued , and instead of blaming , he ought to thank him ( Mr. T. ) for endeavouring to turn him from it . He assured the right hon . gent . that it was idle to attempt to run a race of privation with the French ; in the first place , because they were better accustomed to privations than we were , and in the next place , because he knew no class who were more susceptible to any species of hardship than the merchants , who would be first affected by this measure . He did not mean to say that they were at all deficient in loyalty , or that they were backward in contributing their full share to the wants of the country . But in order to make these contributions , they must have profits , and without profits it would be vain to make an appeal to their patriotism . The right hon . gent . did not contend that the measure was calculated to mend the present state of our commerce . [ Here the chancellor of the exchequer seemed to dissent . ] Well , said Mr. T. so I understood him ; but if he really thinks that it will improve our trade , why is he unwilling that evidence of this should be given before a committee ? Does he pretend to `` do good by stealth , and blush to find it fame ? '' —But all that he understood him to expect was , that it would open a profitable career of smuggling , and he should be glad that his expectations were even so far well founded . In short , he confessed himself totally at a loss even to divine the motives of the right hon . gent . for his present mode of proceeding ; but , whatever this might be , which he had no means of knowing , he conjured the house before granting its sanction to a measure of such magnitude , to avail itself of the information which it had the means of obtaining , and which was essential to regulate its judgment instead of putting every thing to hazard by a hasty and precipitate decision . He called upon the right hon gent . in particular , who was prevented by scruples , which he was most ready to admit were 719 sincere and conscientious , from conciliating the people of Ireland by a liberal and generous system of policy , at least not to encrease their present irritation by a measure which might seriously affect their trade . He concluded with moving , `` That the house do resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , on to-morrow se'nnight , to consider of Trade and Navigation . '' said , if the objections so repeatedly made to the Orders in Council were only to prove vexatious to himself , he should not much regard them . With respect to these Orders they were expressly laid before the house , for the purpose of some practical measure being adopted upon them . He had been of opinion that this measure should be the imposing of certain Duties , and he had accordingly moved , that they be taken into consideration in a committee of ways and means . The right hon . gent . had said , it was sufficient to satisfy him if a fair opportunity was given for discussing the measure . Now , he would venture to say , that no man could have witnessed the proceedings in that house without acknowledging that such opportunity had been afforded in the most ample manner . How far these Orders in Council were agreeable to law ; how far they were consistent with policy , not only had been open to discussion , but had actually been repeatedly discussed . On the first day , when he moved to have them referred to a committee of