the calamity apprehended . He hoped , for the honour of the nation , it would be made evident that the danger was great . He could not give his assent to the opinion , that if Holstein were occupied by the French , Zealand would be at their mercy . Nothing but such a frost as would render the Great Belt passable by an army , could have endangered the safety of that island . He had conversed with many naval and military persons of great experience , and they fully acquiesced in this opinion . His lordship used many other arguments to prove the impracticability of the French getting to Zealand , and thereby obtaining possession of the Danish fleet ; but , supposing they had , he would not so derogate from the valour , the activity , and the exalted character of the British navy , as to admit for one moment , that any well-grounded apprehenons was to be entertained from the addition of 16 sail of the line to the maritime strength of the enemy . The ships were much inferior to British , French , or Spanish : but it was not ships , but men , that this country wanted . If our dangers were not increased by the attack upon Copenhagen , those of our ally certainly were . Did ministers never contemplate the possibility of that measure being retorted upon powers for which they must feel interested ? had they no apprehension that Russia , France and Denmark might be brought to coalesce against Sweden ? —Having briefly touched upon them in the commencement of his speech , he would not lay any further stress upon the contradictory statements respecting the measures which were adopted in consequence of the result of the negotiations of Tilsit . He should have been more disposed to approve what they had done in the Baltic , if they had acted consistently . If they had attacked Cronstadt , taken possession of the Russian navy , and by such an enterprize made us the undisputed masters of that sea , such an act would have been consistent with the magnanimity of justice , and it was much more practicable than might be conceived . All the wars , from the accession of king William to the present hour , in which this country , was engaged , had been founded upon the principle of upholding the law of nations ; 'and this was particularly the case with respect to the war which commenced in 1793 , and which had continued with little interrup- 15 tion ever since . From that great principle , he could admit no deviation . On these grounds , therefore , he could not , with the present means of information which he had on the subject , vote for an unqualified approbation of the expedition to Copenhagen . There was one part of the address , however , from which he could not withhold his unqualified approbation . He could not speak in terms of adequate applause of the emigration of the court of Lisbon . It was a measure which reflected immortal honour upon the sovereign of that country , and which promised the greatest advantages to England , not immediately indeed , but ultimately . That measure , in every view which lie had been able to take of it , opened the most cheering prospect to this nation . With regard to the dispute with America , on the question of our maritime rights , he thought the government had acted wisely in the late Order issued by them , in which they did not insist on the right to search ships of war . We should not be carried away with an idea of our power ; and our restrictive policy should be commensurate to the exigency of the case . He wished it had been long before made known that it was not right to search ships of war on the high seas . He earnestly recommended to ministers to inquire into the state of the West India colonies ; and to afford them some