. His lordship urged the importance of the trade with the Brazils , whence might be derived cotton , tallow , and various other articles , and which might also be of essential benefit to our colonies , as a vessel trading from this Country to the Brazils might take in there a cargo of articles of provision and lumber , of the latter of which there was a plentiful supply in the Brazils , and carrying them to our colonies in the West Indies , it might from thence bring home a cargo of colonial produce . adverted to the state of the sugar market , hoping that it would not be still further depressed . His lord ship stated from the information he had been able to procure , that the quantity of sugar produced in the Brazils , was about 73,000 hogsheads , the quantity produced in our own colonies , was about 280,000 hogsheads , the latter of which was already about 70,000 hogsheads more than our own consumption required , and with respect to the use of the surplus in the distilleries , he observed , that the whole distilleries of the united kingdom would not consume more than 12,000 hogsheads . With respect to cotton , he believed the produce of the Brazils to amount to 24,000,000 pounds , that of our own colonies was about 16,000,000 pounds : he was ready to admit this part of the trade to be of very great value to this country . observed , with respect to the idea of making this country an entrepot for colonial produce , that it would be found impossible to force upon the continent , that quantity of colonial produce which it would consume under other circumstances , and with a direct trade . He did not View this bill precisely in the same light as his noble friend , and if considerations arising out of the situation of the prince regent of Portugal and his connection with this country , induced him not wholly to oppose it , he must still give a decided opinion with respect to some circumstances connected with it . As to the idea of the noble lord , that corn and lumber could be procured from the Brazils for our West India colonies , he thought it was not to be , expected , nor did be con- 734 ceive it possible , that under the present circumstances of the Brazils , any attention could be paid to the cultivation of corn or the cutting of lumber , particularly under that system of cultivation Which would be adopted there , namely , by means of slaves , continually imported ; it was rather to be apprehended that , from the fertility consequent upon breaking up new lands , So large a quantity of sugar might be produced , as greatly to diminish the price of that article . It was upon this system of importing slaves that he founded his principal objection to the bill . His lordship briefly recapitulated the proceedings of parliament with respect to the abolition of the Slave Trade ; and observed , that that act would confer immortal honour on the parliament that agreed to it , and would be remembered when all party disputes and dissentions were forgotten . Ministers , he contended , ought to have followed up that act , and the address to his majesty then voted , by refusing to enter into any commercial engagements with the Portuguese government unless it consented to abolish the Slave Trade ; otherwise British capital would be employed to a great extent in carrying on this detestable traffic to the Brazils , which would thus derive great benefit from which our colonies were excluded . The legislature had decided , that whatever commercial benefit might be derived from that trade , nothing could justify the inhumanity of its continuance . The Brazils must exist as an independent state , by the protection afforded by the British navy ; was it then to result , that notwithstanding the act of the legislature , this trade was to be allowed to