, that whatever the practice of the house might have been , it could not set aside the written Orders of the house ; practice might decide with respect to unwritten law , because , in that case , the decisions upon the subject declared the law , but where there was a written statute , no practice could set it aside ; the written law remained to be referred to , and to shew the course to be pursued . Thus it was with the Standing Order ; and he could not conceive what the noble lord meant in arguing that the general application of the order would defeat its object . Was it to be argued , that an order general in its nature , and clearly stating its object , was only to be applied to particular instances , or was it to shew what instances it ought to be applied to ? 1150 Either it ought to be applied according to the terms of it , as distinctly stated , or else it ought to be repealed . The precedents quoted by the noble lord were either not in point , as proving only that clauses inserted in bills contrary to this order , had been unnoticed by the house , or else they proved too much ; for if they were to be taken as declaring the sense of the house upon this subject , then there was an end of this Standing Order . There were however two instances of recent date in which the house had acted upon this Order , the one in 1789 , when lord Thurlow was chancellor , when a bill of Aid and Supply was rejected as containing clauses foreign to its object ; and the other in Jan. 1807 , when he had the honour of sitting on the woolsack , and of pointing out to the house the necessity of enforcing their Standing Order . As to there being no indemnity contained in the bill , he thought , on the contrary , that if it passed , and supposing the case of ministers being impeached for issuing the Orders in Council , that that house could not , after passing this act as it now stood , find them guilty . His lordship went through those clauses of the bill which were adverted to on Monday evening by lord Grenville , and contended that they were foreign to and different from the object of the bill , as a bill of Aid and Supply , and therefore that the bill , in conformity with the express words and meaning of the Order , ought to be rejected . insisted that a rule of the house , like a law , in courts of justice , might be explained by long practice . He perfectly concurred with the argumentative speech of his noble friend , the secretary of state ; and trusted that their lordships , always regardful of their own privileges , would not , from any mistaken notions in point of form , delay a bill of the highest importance to the welfare of the British empire . animadverted on the speech of the noble lord who spoke last , who he said , had repeated more feebly the arguments of the noble secretary of state . He said the instances adduced in explanation of the order were not contemporaneous with it , that they were eight or ten years posterior , and that the example of the 9th of queen Anne , on which so much stress had been laid , was after lords Somers and Cowper had left the woolsack , and the seals were in commission ; so that it could not be supposed the house could receive the able assistance to 1151 which it had been accustomed , for the preservation of the respect due to the Standing Orders . contended for the interpretation of the Order as evinced in the practice of the house , immediately subsequent to passing it , as well as in bills of more recent date . said , that it was necessary to say