bar in a committee of the whole house . As to the proceeding in a Committee of Trade , when petitioners presented themselves to that house , and prayed to be heard by their counsel , the practice was , if their petition was received , to accede to the prayer of it , and by the habit of the house , after hearing evidence , to permit the counsel to sum up the whole at the conclusion of the case . The house had then many courses , any one of which it might adopt , but it was quite impossible that a committee of the whole house should be tied up by the 1253 evidence produced in support of the allegations of the petitions , which might be erroneous partial , absurd , or even false , as might be proved by other evidence . There were also many cases wherein the house , without any claim made on the part of an adverse party to be heard , had thought fit for its own satisfaction to call for further evidence , after the Petitioners case had closed . The Tobacco case , which had been referred to by the rt . hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , was one of that description . For , after the petitioner and his counsel had closed the case and withdrawn , the house ordered other witnesses to attend , and the committee sat again to hear the evidence of these witnesses , and the house took other proceedings thereon . If any gentleman had any doubts on the subject , he would do well to consider that case . The case of the Shop Tax bill was similar . The proceedings , therefore , had been hitherto all regular , and the next step would be to hear out the case of the petitioners , and the observations of their counsel in summing , after which the house would decide whether it should order other witnesses to attend , or whether other evidence should be necessary . The house then resolved itself into the committee , and proceeded with the examination of the remaining witnesses in support of the Petitions . Mr. Garland , Mr. Pollock , Mr. Mann , and Mr. Rathbone were the witnesses examined . After the examination was closed it was agreed by the gentlemen who conducted it on both sides , that progress should be reported , and that the committee should sit again on Tuesday . presented three motions with respect to applications for continuing the terms of Patents , directing that notice of every such application should be given in the London Gazette , 6 weeks previous to the meeting of parliament ; that no application should be received , unless the term of the patent should be within two years of expiring ; and that the person applying should bring proof that he was either the inventor or the representative of the inventor of the invention specified in the patent . His lordship moved , that these motions should be taken into consideration 1254 on Tuesday , with the view of their being made standing orders.—Ordered . took up the idea which of late had been frequently adverted to by many noble lords , Viz . that of taking some measure for procuring a more regular printing of the journals of that house , together with fit Indexes to the same ; and concluded with moving an instruction to that effect to the standing committee of the journals . most cheerfully concurred in the motion of the noble baron , and promised every support on his part , and on that of his colleagues , towards the accomplishment of so desirable an object . The Orders in Council bill was read a third time . re-urged several of his former arguments upon this subject , and contended that the evidence adduced in another place had proved the injurious effects of the Orders in Council , in the prevention of the export of our manufactures to America for the purpose of their being exported to Europe , and in the detention