revulsion in the mind of the Dutch nation . Having done their utmost to procure safety , by submission , and finding that it was not to be obtained , their hearts were steeled against their oppressor ; they rallied under that mighty genius , the prince of Orange , our great deliverer William the IIId , who conducted them to victory and to glory . The injustice of Louis the XIVth formed the pedestal , from which arose the exalted fame of that illustrious monarch , which has spread over every region of the earth . From the moment that the deputies of Holland returned from the presence of the French monarch , his projects were all baffled , and his army was ultimately compelled to retire in disgrace . If then the French emperor should eventually conduct himself in the manner which so many persons are willing to attribute to him , but as I think falsely , I am warranted in anticipating such consequences as followed from the same conduct on the part of Lewis the XIVth.—It is evidently necessary , however , that we should conduct ourselves towards the chief of the French government with the same policy , that we would use towards any other person with whom we were about to negociate , or with whom we were negociating , either in a private or public station of life . It is not consistent with the policy or the dignity of a great nation , to approach another power , with a manifestation of feelings of disgust , of suspicion , or personal antipathy . Such , nevertheless , have been the manner and feelings with which the emperor of France has always been approached on the part of England . There has been no period in which the conduct of England towards him has been wise or conciliatory . There has been no person employed , on the part of England , who , in my opinion , has understood the character of the man . At no time has he been treated with the consideration due to the situation which he occupies , and to the achievements which he has performed . I think that lord Whitworth , in the conversations which he held with him , previous to the rupture of the peace of Amiens , grossly misunderstood his character and intentions . I think that at the period of the negociation of 1806 , his character was again greatly misunderstood . Sir , I hope I shall not be misrepresented , as if I wished that the ministers of England should conduct themselves with adulation or servi- 849 lity towards the French emperor . I mean not , and can not . be supposed to mean , any such thing.—But in negociation with foreign powers , as well as in the conduct and business of private life , if we can not talk with confidence , we had better not talk at all ; a communication upon any business would be very injudiciously carried on by a party , who in the outset should tell the person with whom he is communicating , that he has the worst opinion of him in the world . Such , however , is really the way in which this government has always conducted itself towards the present ruler of France ; and setting out with a determination not to believe any thing that is told us , we are surprised that our communications have not come to a happy issue.—Sir , I can not help observing upon the sort of personal hatred and antipathy towards the French emperor , which appears to prevail in the minds of a large part of the community , as if each man had a personal quarrel with him . The origin of this feeling is to be traced to the various endeavours which have been made to excite the public hatred from the moment he attained the consular power . It argues a great degeneracy of national character , and it has given rise to many very disgraceful publications . A national antipathy , founded upon the