native seapoys . Every settlement , and every battalion , in India , saw with indignation him whom they had regarded , and proclaimed to his ungrateful country , as an example of public honour and exalted service , the selected object of slander and accusation in this country : and Mr. L. affirmed , from communications with India , that the most meritorious servants of the company knew not by what rules or motives to regulate their conduct ; —their spirit and emulation , founded upon the consciousness of their virtues and talents , had been nearly extinguished by this national disgrace.—He trusted however , that there was yet time to correct this evil . He had the greatest reliance on the elevated sentiments of the public servants in India : he knew -with what joy they will hail that interposition of wisdom in this house , which by the act of justice about to be performed to the noble lord this night , should reassure their confidence and re-establish our strength in India . The smallest reflection upon the 1142 nature of that strength , ought to check that desperate folly which seemed to delight in distracting the functions , and in dilapidating the authority , of our government ; and which , if suffered to proceed in its present career , would precipitate the calamitous period of British India . Before Mr. L. concluded , he intreated the house to consider what had been the condition of British India at this exigent moment , when the union of France , Russia , and Persia threatened our empire with invasion , if the implacable hatred of Tippoo had still animated the power of Mysore—if the soubah of the Dekhan had still been under the controul of a French force—if French-Mahratta troops had still hung in defiance upon our unprotected frontier—if the dominions of Oude had still been filled with 65,000 disorderly disaffected soldiers —and if we had still relied , for the support of our own army , upon the resources of a state in the last stage of weakness and decay.—Mr . Lushington could not reflect upon the events which had removed these mighty dangers , without a mind filled with gratitude to the noble marquis : a gratitude founded on public affection alone ; for the only favour he had ever sought from the noble lord was peremptorily refused : it was refused , however , from such public motives , that he could not but respect the principle of the denial . The house might , therefore , be assured , that the opinions which Mr. Lushington had taken the liberty of stating to them , were the unfeigned feelings of his mind , and that . he should be at all times prepared to avow and to verify them . He trusted however , that the cloud which had too long obscured the great and splendid services of the noble lord , would now be dispelled ; and that a day of justice and retribution would succeed a long night of darkness and ignorance . observed , that the charge before the house was defective in one very important circumstance which seemed to have escaped observation . Lord Wellesley is charged with having greatly injured an individual ; but this individual has never complained . Saâdut Ali , the nabob of Oude , has sent no remonstrance to the British government , though that measure was suggested to him by a person who undertook to become his agent , and he rejected the proposal in toto . It may , indeed , be alledged , that this conduct was the result of fear , lord Wellesley being then in power ; but soon after- 1143 wards the marquis came home , and the politics of India assuming a new face , the nabob could have been at no loss for friends to urge his suit and bring forward his remonstrance , had he really thought himself injured . But the truth is , if we may trust the evidence delivered at the bar of this house , that Saâdut Ali had no inclination to