forgeries . If no objection were made to the production of this paper , he would move for it tomorrow . If , however , any opposition were likely to be manifested , he would postpone it till after the holidays . observed , that he would , at present , say nothing more about the Bill to which the noble earl had adverted , than that he was entirely mistaken as to its principle . When the measure was regularly before them , he should be ready to state his opinion fully . With respect to the account for which the noble earl expressed his intention of moving , he was desirous , before such a motion was submitted to the House , to know , whether any objection against producing it , existed in the quarter from whence it must be derived ; and , it any , what the nature of that objection was . That he might procure satisfaction on those points , he wished a short delay to take place . Probably , he should have an opportunity tomorrow , of acquiring that information ; and , if so , he would communicate the result to the noble earl . said , that during the last session of parliament a Bill had been submitted to their lordships by a noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) whom he did not then see in his place , relative to the Dissenters , which , however , the House had not thought proper to adopt . Without meaning to state his own feelings and opinions , as they respected that Bill , their lordships must be aware that it had created a great sensation throughout the country , and that , in consequence , a new construction had been put on certain parts of the Toleration Act , different from any that had before prevailed . On that construction he would say nothing . It certainly would be indecorous for him or any other member of parliament , to animadvert on it , as having the sanction of judicial au- 150 thority . He had heard some time since , that it was the intention of government to afford relief to those persons who were exposed , by this new construction , to severe disappointment , by introducing a Bill into parliament for that purpose . He always thought , that any act of grace came best from the executive government ; and , while there was any expectation that they would propose some measure of relief , he had waited , with great anxiety , to give any humble assistance which lay in his power , towards its completion . But , as they were now approaching the recess , and a considerable pan of the session had elapsed , he wished to be informed whether it was in the contemplation of the noble lords opposite , to submit any measure to parliament , of the nature to which he had adverted . Because , if no such intention existed , it would be a matter of serious consideration , whether a proposition should not be made by some noble lord not connected with the government . said , that the question of construction had not yet been done with in the courts of law , for he understood that it was intended to have the decision of the court of King's-bench reviewed by appeal , or in some other way . When the question was completely settled in the courts below , then would be the time to bring before parliament whatever might be proper on the subject . said , that the matter had been decided by the court of King's-bench ; and what he wanted to know was , whether there was any intention on the part of government to bring in such a Bill as that which he had mentioned in the course of the present session ? again asserted , that the question had not been altogether disposed of in the courts below . Some applications had been made to government for a Bill of this kind , but he thought it quite