to determine . His Royal Highness , however , took upon himself the discharge of the debts of his consort , but at a time when the Prince himself was deeply involved , from which embarrassments he was extricated out of the public purse in the most objectionable way that could be devised . It appeared to him to be one of the most complete juggles that was ever heard of , that a person should undertake to pay the debts of another to save the people that expence , while he came to get his own debts paid by that same people ! The Prince undertook to pay the debts of the Princess of Wales , which he had no means of discharging , at a time when he was calling upon the public to enable him to pay his own . The House was told that a commission had been appointed to apply 70,000l . a year to discharge the debts of the Regent . 127 It was a commission created by , and might be absolved by the Prince , and there were no persons responsible—there were no advisers answerable for the due application of the enormous sum of 130,000l . which had been given as a privy purse without control . The Prince Regent enjoyed a privy purse of 130,000l . which was much more than that of the King , which , at its utmost , amounted to only 60,000l . Were they not then to view , with equal jealousy , the application of this sum in the possession of the Prince , exercising the powers of royally , as they were in the habit of viewing the uses made of a smaller sum by the King ? Were they so little read in history as not to have heard of parliamentary influence ? and were they not bound to guard against any chance of money granted to support the sovereign dignity , being applied to purposes unconstitutional and dangerous ? He would like to hear from the right hon . gentleman if he was aware of the amount of the debts of the Prince Regent ? if he knew the mode in which the money set apart was applied to their liquidation ? or if he was answerable for the conduct of the commissioner to whom this office was intrusted ? The creditors of his Royal Highness , by the mode now adopted , had no security at all for the settlement of their claims.—In his opinion the amount of these claims ought to he ascertained , the whole paid , and the grant of 70,000l . appropriated for that , purpose , revoked—This was the only way of doing justice to all parties , and guarding the creditors against any loss through the demise of the crown . On these considerations he had again to express his concurrence in the amendment that had been moved . observed that the House roust be aware in what situation their royal highnesses the Princesses stood , with regard to the former parliamentary grant . An act had been passed in the 18th and another in the 39th of his present Majesty , empowering him to make a grant ( contingently in the event of his Majesty 's demise ) of 30,000l . as an annuity to the four Princesses living at the time the acts were passed . In the event of these annuitants falling to three , they were each of them to have 10,000l . a 128 year ; if they fell to two , 20,000l . a year was to be divisible between them ; and if to one , the survivor to have 12,000l . a year . This was the provision which parliament had enabled his Majesty to make for the Princesses in the event of his demise ; but the melancholy circumstances which had taken place in the royal family , rendered it necessary that the House should take into its consideration the condition of those Princesses in the same way as if the actual demise of his Majesty had taken place . The House were aware in what