charm by which your kings have been appointed , and in whose thunder you ride the waters of the deep . I call upon these principles , and upon you to guard your empire in this perilous moment , from religious strife , and from that death-doing policy , which would teach one part of the empire to cut the throats of the other in a metaphysical , ecclesiastical , unintelligible warfare . I call upon you to guard your empire from such an unnatural calamity , and four millions of your fellow subjects from a senseless , shameless , diabolic oppression . You come on the call of the House to decide , as you suppose , a great question regarding the people of Ireland ; you have to say to them , `` We are ruined , unless we stand by one another , we are ruined ; and they have to say to you , we require our liberties ; our lives are at your service . '' I conclude , Sir , with moving you , `` That it be referred to a Committee to consider the State of the Laws , imposing Civil Disabilities on his Majesty 's subjects , professing the Roman Catholic Religion . '' —Sir , in rising to address the House , I beg to premise to what I am about to say , that I do so for the purpose of opposing this motion , which has been brought forward with so much vehemence . And that I shall be able to shew that the House will depart from its duty if they venture to entertain this question . I shall take the liberty of stating my opinion as shortly as possible ; and on the first instance , I shall give my humble view of the immediate question before the House . Catholic Emancipation , as it is now demanded , 745 is nothing more or less than the repeal by act of parliament of all the statutes that have been made for the protection of the Protestant Church since the second of Elizabeth to the thirtieth of Charles 2 . It goes to annul the Act of Uniformity , and also the Test and Corporation Acts , passed in the reign of the last mentioned prince ; and , in short , to break down every bulwark erected since the Reformation , in defence of the established religion . Nothing else will content the Catholics but the total subversion of the constitution in Church and State . But before their claims can be granted , two Unions must be dissolved ; that of England with Scotland , and also that of Great Britain with Ireland ; in both of which it is declared , that the Act of Uniformity , and other acts , for the security of the Church , shall be perpetually binding . All these acts , in their preambles , are declared to extend to England , Ireland , and to the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed . The House , in short , is called upon by the right hon . gentleman , to repeal acts of parliament which are the great bulwarks of the constitution both in Church and State , particularly against Papists . Now , Sir , will it be said , that the only way of effecting this emancipation is by repealing these very acts ? If it is , what then becomes of the constitution ? —what becomes of these bulwarks of the Church ? —Why every able lawyer , Mr. Justice Blackstone and others , speak of the Act of Uniformity , and the thirteenth of Charles 2 , as the bulwarks of the constitution : and this very Act of uniformity was enacted especially and particularly against Papists . Then I say that to effect this purpose you must repeal these acts which are declared to be essential and fundamental articles of the Unions both between England and Scotland , and Great Britain and Ireland . The Act of Union between Great Britain and Ireland declares , that the Church of the two countries is to be one