which had fallen from the noble lords opposite . With respect to the amendment , it was not , as was usually the case , an amendment to farther the object of the Bill , but went to destroy altogether the principle on which it proceeded . It was not now the question whether sinecures and reversions should be abolished—but whether , with reference to certain enquiries , now pending in the other House , they would , for a limited time , suspend the appointment of such situations till the result 268 of those inquiries was known ? Therefore , the proposition contained in the Bill , the provisions of which would expire in two years , was reasonable . But it was a mockery , with reference to that inquiry , to enact a suspension for 26 years , as the amendment proposed . He was grieved that so much importance should be attached to a measure , so trifling in itself , and so insignificant with respect to the people , that many would be inclined to believe that it was introduced rather to divert their feelings from matters of greater interest , than as a real object . With respect to the influence of the crown , he had some years ago closely examined that subject , and he then perfectly convinced himself , that that influence was not then half so great as it had been 30 years antecedent . It was not a question of office only , but it was well known , that at the period to which he had alluded , a species of influence was resorted to , which was not now in existence . As to the influence created by the increase of the revenue , and of the army and navy , it was difficult to form an opinion , particularly a just one ; but he was not therefore bound to credit what was stated by the noble earl . He believed , that , although the navy and army were , compared with any former war establishment , increased ten-fold , the influence derived from them had much diminished.—The country did not now hear of officers being deprived of their commissions for voting against the minister—as was the case with the great earl of Chatham , when he opposed sir R. Walpole . Looking to the present period , he believed , if any noble lord examined the subject candidly , he would find that there never was a time , in this or any other country , when , in the army and navy , there was less attention paid to political opinion.—He did not mean to say that no preference existed—for there could not be imagined a stale of things , where personal affection , and political attachments , were not in some degree attended to—and it was right it should be so . But no time bad ever occurred in which adventitious circumstances were so little regarded . Indeed , amongst those who were possessed of military and naval appointments , there were , he was certain , as many persons connected with those who opposed , as with those who supported , the executive government . Indeed , the circumstances of the country were such , that the great and only principle on which government acted , was to select those 269 who were most capable of performing the duties for which they were wanted . When the increase in the army and navy was spoken of , the change which had taken place in the feelings of the country should not be forgotten . That change was of such a nature as convinced him , that acts which were formerly done by the exertion of influence , would not now be considered compatible with the character of a gentleman . The influence of the crown , therefore , had not , in the point of view urged by the noble earl , increased with the increasing establishments of the country , and the fact was , that that influence and favour which might be exercised without prejudice in small establishments ,