means of great injustice , and create a prodigious new subject of litigation . 397 The noble earl said , that the under-tenant , was no party to the contract . This was a mistake , he was a party , and in that view there was no injustice in keeping him to that which he had accepted with his eyes open . His title to the land must be derived from those above him , and he must , therefore , be a party to that upon which alone his right was founded . This , however , was a very important subject , and he hoped their lordships would consider well of it . Every one must wish that the evil should be removed ; but they ought to take care not to legislate rashly , lest they might do more mischief in one way , than they prevented in another . They might cast about in their minds , whether the sub-demising of land , with a power of distress , might not be checked ; whether it might not be provided , that afterwards no subletting , with such a power , should be allowed . That , he thought , was the utmost extent to which they could go ; that in subsequent sub-demises , the power of distress should be either taken away or modified . He himself happened to hold some land in Ireland , and had expended a good deal of money upon it . When he left that country , no purchaser could be found , and if he had not had the power of sub-demising , with the remedy of distress , he should have had no remedy at all , and the property would have been of little value . This was owing to the unfortunate state of Ireland . The disturbed situation of that country gave occasion to the frequency of the instances in which this remedy was resorted to . If the country were perfectly tranquil , the evil would soon remedy itself . Those who , without capital , were now the tenants of the soil , would then be labourers on the farms of others , and the mischief , would be done away , or at least exist only in the same degree as in England . Indeed , the practice of sub-demising was already beginning to be less frequent . Landlords now began to understand that it was their interest to grant leases with a condition not to sub-let , and the evil was gradually diminishing . But , however , the subject deserved the most serious consideration , and he certainly should not oppose this Bill at present . He should be most happy if a remedy could be provided , but he confessed that he could not see any method by which the evil could be effectually cured . He could at this moment , he was sorry to say , conceive no plan which would not do as much mischief in other respects , as it would do good in this . very much doubted whether any adequate remedy could be provided : and as to the measure proposed by the noble earl , he was sure that he himself must see the difficulties which stood in the way of its adoption . The noble earl said , that the middle-men might be left to their remedy upon contract independent of the land , because the subtenants were no parties ; but it must be remembered , that the sub-tenants were like purchasers , with notice of the fact . They knew the powers of those above them , and took the land subject to the burthen . To deprive the middle-men of their rights by an ex post facto law , would be gross injustice ; but he believed , that the practice of creating these middle tenants , was very fast going down , from the landlords better understanding their own interest , and the value of their property . It also became less the interest of those who might be disposed to put themselves in the situation