in Chief , being totally ignorant on the subject . If the papers called for were once before the House , and warranted that encomium , he should feel pleasure in joining in it ; but he could not , without every information which could be required being before the House , join in covering the foulness of the cat-o'-nine-tails . As to petitions for reforms , or for the redress of grievances , what were they in comparison of this measure ? If England was to be flogged , it was a species of infamy which no other people , he believed , had ever been condemned to , or would have endured . When he saw attempts thus made to baffle all enquiry into the actual state of things , and to throw dust into the eyes of the House , be could not sit still and see such despicable chains fastened on the people . The great benefit to be derived from the present motion in his mind was , that it had in view the total abolition of this punishment , which he trusted would be speedily effected . Gentlemen on the other side wished to be esteemed religious ; if they believed the Bible to be the word of God , they must agree that this was a punishment forbidden by it . Forty stripes lacking one , were as many as were allowed by that which they themselves called the law of God . It was a punishment against the policy of the military law itself . It was known in the military code of no other country ; and what was there in the nature of the English , that it should be palatable to them alone ? Was it to be endured , that the image of God in man should thus be disgraced ? observed , that this punishment was not peculiar to this country , as the hon . baronet appeared to imagine ; but that among the Romans , the most high-minded and military nation of ancient times , corporal punishments were allowed . The dictators and consuls were attended by lictors , and the order was often given '' I lictor , perge , cœdite . '' In the French army , formerly , there was the punishment of running the gauntlet , and there still was imprisonment in a dungeon , working at fortifications in irons , serving on board the gallies in irons , and , above all , death , which was inflicted at 383 least 100 times for once that it was in the English army . He had conversed with many French officers , prisoners in this country ; who had assured him , that nothing could be more precarious than the condition of the French soldier , or more dependent upon the particular character or caprice of the officers . As to the number of stripes given , he certainly agreed with the hon . baronet , that such a number should never be given as would endanger life ; and , indeed , he believed that our code was too loose upon this subject . He thought that it might , perhaps , be useful to have our military code revised ; and he hoped it would be found possible , in ordinary cases , to fix the proportion of the punishment to each offence . He did not think any danger of oppression and cruelty was to be apprehended in the militia or local militia , as in both those services the officers were gentlemen accustomed to serve on juries , and acquainted with the spirit of our constitution . As to the English being a flogged nation , as the hon . baronet expressed it , that was a mistake . Punishment was not made for the English nation , but for the guilty , or those who deserved it . Ignominy depended on public opinion—it was not punishment but crime which conferred ignominy . would vote for this motion , although he was not prepared to agree to the total abolition of corporal punishment . He thought that