as a subject fit for the enquiry of a committee of the whole House . What is the question ? That the House should go into a committee to take into consideration the penal laws of Ireland , as they 1007 affect the Roman Catholics . Now I say , that in a committee of the whole House , the right hon . gentleman , if he expects to receive any information which he can not get without going into a committee , he must have deceived himself very much in his views of this subject , and on the arguments by which he could hope to induce the House to enter into the consideration of those measures , in respect of which his own and other gentlemen 's feelings seem to have been so painfully excited . Suppose the argument of the hon . gentleman over the way ( Mr. Whitbread ) was true , still I apprehend it does not strictly apply to this case . Suppose a Bill was now before parliament , the principles of which were to be examined in a committee , and though the disclosure of the minute circumstances under which it was presented may be made , in that stage of its passage through the House , still the House would not entertain the motion for leave to bring in the Bill , unless sufficient grounds and the general outline of the amending measure were stated . I call upon the House therefore to avoid the absurdity into which a concurrence in this motion would inevitably lead them ; and I charge the authors of this measure with a design to entrap the House into a step which must lead to confusion and terminate in the disappointment of all parties ; and I do maintain that all those persons who vote for this question , do give a blind vote to a comprehensive and most important measure , under an implied engagement to support this question throughout , upon no fair or sound view of it . This is certainly a very convenient mode of collecting all the strength and favour of the House , in behalf of the Catholics , by agreeing in one vote : —but , after this fair caution , I trust the House will avoid the consequences that will follow , if they are led to go into a committee . Now , I apprehend , the ground upon which persons who hold the same opinion that I hold , rest , is this , that it is impossible , under the consideration of the present temper of this country , and still more with a view to the disposition of the Catholics themselves , to entertain this question with any hopes of final conciliation between both parties . Because , I lament to say , that those dispositions which existed in the Catholic mind in the year 1800 , are not to be found at the present moment . I was a friend to this measure at that time , because I was satified that the Ca- 1008 tholics were disposed to take up that measure upon liberal grounds , and to content themselves with closing with the government , upon principles not inimical to the Church or Stale . If the Catholics have withdrawn their pledges upon that subject , I would be glad to know upon what principle of fair reasoning ( I would even appeal to themselves ) do they accuse us of neglect and indifference to their claims , when they come to parliament under completely different circumstances , and completely different views . Because that makes the whole difference in the consideration of their claims ; for the whole question is , whether it is advisable , safe , or expedient to make these concessions . I lament this circumstance deeply , because it is calculated to produce an impression on the minds of the Catholics that may be permanently disadvantageous to their claims , after the Catholics are awakened from their own delusion . It is one of the circumstances I never ceased to lament , that it was brought