received no commands from his Royal Highness on the occasion , and that the Message before their lordships had merely reference to the establishment of their royal highnesses the Princesses . rose to request , that the noble Secretary would give the House some information relative to the failure of the First Clerk of the Treasury : and it would depend upon the answer he should receive , whether he should , at some other time , make a motion on the subject . The affair was one of the very first importance . The defalcation , at the very lowest statement of it was not less than 70,000l . He should not , perhaps , have called their lordships attention to the matter in this way , had this been an unique case ; but when they saw the same frauds taking place on other occasions , in the Ordnance Department , and elsewhere , it was not a subject to be passed over lightly . These frauds had now extended to the Treasury itself , which ought to be particularly vigilant against all frauds of this kind . Still , however , he might not have thought it necessary to mention the subject in this manner , had it not been that this person had been long living in habits of extravagance , so that people were surprised how a person in his situation should have been able to expend such large sums in buildings , and other projects . This , therefore , was not a common case , in which a default might have taken place without exciting any previous suspicion . Here the suspicions of the Treasury ought to have been roused , and then much of the money might have been saved . The person in question had been a protegé of a right 107 hon . gentleman , now Vice-President of the Board of Trade ( Mr. Rose ) whose eyes , it might be imagined , should have been open to his proceedings . observed , that their lordships must be sure he could not regularly afford any information on the subject . The transaction referred to was one between the Lords of the Treasury and one of the Clerks of that department ; the proceedings were of some notoriety , and by the extent that was issued , a considerable sum had been obtained . It was undoubtedly competent to the noble earl to bring forward a motion on the subject if he thought proper ; and it would be for the House to consider how far such motion could be entertained . addressed a few observations to the House with reference to this subject . He said he should have several petitions to present from manufacturers and other commercial persons , complaining of the injurious and destructive consequences resulting to their interests from the Orders in Council : and that , when these petitions should be before the House , he should feel it incumbent on him , to come forward with a motion for the repeal of so injurious a system . observed , that under the circumstances of the case , he felt that the attention of parliament should be speedily directed to another topic of the highest importance . He meant the affairs of India , and the approaching expiration of the Company 's charter . In this view he had to express his surprise , that not a single document had yet been laid on the table by ministers . What he principally rose for was to ask whether they meant to bring on this great and important subject in the remaining part of the present session ; and to know their opinion whether , during the remainder of the session , there would be adequate time for the due consideration of so extensive and important a question . stated , that it certainly was intended to bring forward the subject adverted to , in the present session of parliament . He had also to state , that a discussion was going on between the Court of Directors and government on the subject ; and he