and of introducing a power hostile to the present form of the constitution . The hon . baronet on the other side of the House has asked several times where was the danger to the government in the mere spiritual nomination of the Catholic bishops by the Pope , which is allowed in every other government of Europe whether Protestant or Catholic . Why , Sir , he has himself admitted , that even in Catholic governments this power is exercised by the Pope only with the internal controul of those governments , without which his nomination of the bishops can have no effect . How much more necessary then is this controul in our government , where the religion of the state is Protestant , and so intimately interwoven with the frame of our constitution . I can not therefore agree to go into any consideration of a question having for its object to make any material change in that constitution . I should wish those laws to be left as they are ; and however disagreeable they may be thought to some , yet , until some permanent and adequate securities are given to us against the dangers so justly to be apprehended from a change , it were better to leave the matter untouched than run the risk of such fatal consequences . It being now two o'clock , the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved that the House be adjourned until to-morrow , which was agreed to . asked whether the Declaration was issued in consequence of the official communication of the document to which it referred from the French government , and whether there would be any objection to lay that document before the House ? said , that the document had not been officially communicated , but that it had been published in the official paper of the French government—the paper which was declared to be official with reference to all the acts of the government . That being the case , he felt a difficulty in point of form in laying such a document before the House . conceiving only certain parts of the Berlin and Milan Decrees were contrary to the law of nations , wished to know whether it was the meaning of the Declaration that on those parts of the Decrees being repealed which were contrary to the law of nations , the Orders in Council were to cease . said , that with reference to the repeal of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , it was intended that the Court of Admiralty should judge of the fact—whether in the event of any act of the French government announcing the repeal of those Decrees , it was such an act as under the Declaration authorized the cessation of the operation of the Orders in Council . With respect to the noble lord 's question , the repeal contemplated by the Declaration , was a total repeal of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , in which case alone the Orders in Council were to cease to operate . thought that the Milan Decree repealed the Berlin Decree , it being stated in the former , that its operation was to cease on the repeal of the Orders in Council ; whilst this Declaration stated , that the latter were to cease upon the repeal of the former , there was no prospect whatever held out of relieving the distresses of the manufacturers of this country , or lessening the evils inflicted upon neutral powers . observed , that in all the communications from the French government , whether to Mr. Russel , the American minister , or in any other way , the Berlin and Milan Decrees were uniformly spoken of together , which could not have been the case if the Milan Decree had re-pealed the Berlin Decree , subsequently suggested , in order to get rid of the difficulty in point of form , that the French paper containing the document referred to in the Declaration , might be allowed to find its way upon the table , for the information of the House , without any motion . This