himself inclined to support a separate establishment for the Princesses , considered himself called upon to oppose the grant at present . Some enquiry ought to take place , proving the necessity of throwing such an additional burden on the people . He could see no inconvenience in the House waiting till the report of the committee on the Civil List came before them . For his part , he wished to adopt the prudent precaution of waiting the result of the investigations of that committee , before he would venture to throw the whole , or any part of such a burden on the people . agreed with the hon . gentleman who spoke last , that they ought to wait till the report of the committee was before them . He remembered well when the settlement of the civil list came lately under their consideration , that the right hon . gentleman ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) did state , as a ground for the House to vote the 10,000l . to the Queen , that the Princesses would remain with her . He would now ask him—had he this grant then in contemplation ? If so , had he treated the House fairly ? For himself he thought the right hon . gentleman had not acted in a candid manner towards the House . said , that he wished to put some questions to the right hon . gentleman , not as the confidential adviser of the Prince or his consort , but as the minister of this country . He wished to ask him in that capacity , why he had recommended an additional grant for the Princesses , and had entirely overlooked the person who was so much nearer to the throne than they were ? He asked this question on public grounds , and he asked it of the right hon . gentleman , not as the adviser of the Prince , but as the minister of the country . Ha called upon the right hon . gentleman to state why no additional splendour was to be attached to the Princess of Wales , the wife of the Prince Regent . said , he rose to ask the right hon . gentleman no question , for he saw that he was likely to get no answer ; but he thought they were entitled to conclude , from the sullen silence of the right hon . gentleman , that he sanctioned with his approbation the separation between the Prince and Princess . ( Cry of No , no , from the Chancellor of the Exchequer . ) The right hon . gentleman cried No—then let him give his reasons for his present conduct . ( Cries of No , and Hear ! ) The Princess Regent had not one farthing more assured to her than 5,000l . She depended on the bounty of the Prince for the other 17,000l . which might be withdrawn tomorrow morning at his pleasure . If the Princesses were to be made independent , why was she not made independent ? She ought , undoubtedly , to be independent.— ( Cries of No , no ! from the ministerial bench ! ) The right hon . gentlemen say `` No , no ! `` —and I say , said Mr. Tierney , '' Yes , yes ! —I call upon them for their reason why she should not be independent ? Both the right hon . gentleman and the lord chancellor must have informed themselves fully with respect to her conduct . If there was any , thing in that conduct known to them , and unknown to the country , unworthy of her , the dignity of the country , and the dignity of the Prince Regent required of the right hon . gentleman to bring forward an accusation against her . '' He wished an answer . If they could prove any thing against the credit of the Princess , parliament ought to take even that away from her which they now allowed but if they could not , there was no reason why she should