knock it down with his wand of lath ; besides , it would have been more proper if the hon . gentleman reserved the eloquence of which we hear so much every night , when he shall have plenty of opportunities to answer my opinions about the Roman Catholic sect . The Petition of the Catholics of the county and city of Waterford was then brought up , presented , read , and ordered to lie on the table . It was the same as the General Petition of the Catholics of Ireland . expressed his total disapprobation of the principle of the Bill , inasmuch as it would create an inducement to give more for coin than its nominal or legal value , thereby creating a crime which could not be prevented by any legislative act . contended , that if this Bill passed into a law , it would completely do away the sacred contracts between landlords and tenants . He could see no necessity whatever for such a measure , 496 and until some necessity was shewn , he could by no means give his vote in its favour . The House had heard from a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) that the Bill would be of considerable importance , and was in truth much wanted in the north of Ireland . He did not , however , feel disposed to lake the noble lord 's ipse dixit , and should therefore wait for better evidence of the fact , before he could give it implicit credence . A committee ought to be appointed to enquire into the state of Ireland , and if they reported that such was the state of that country as to render such a Bill necessary , he should have no objection to give it his sanction . At present he could only regard it as the worst of evils , the only effect of which would be to destroy the compact between man and man , and create dissentions and disagreements which could not be too strongly-deprecated . He had heard it slated that Ireland was precisely in the same state , as far as regarded the powers of this Bill , as England This he begged leave to deny . In Ireland a special agreement was entered into by the tenant to pay his rent in specie . Would the House then dissolve these compacts ? Would they , by passing this Bill , completely overthrow those customs which had so long existed , without question or inconvenience ? He could not help thinking that the facility already given to paper currency had given rise to something like depreciation , and had little doubt that a one pound note and a shilling would not purchase so much as a guinea . An hon . gentleman had suggested as a nostrum for this evil , that the Bank should be suffered to regulate their own issues ; that country banks should be obliged to pay their notes in specie ; and that government should pay to the Bank the sum due to them by the country . He should be glad to know how these measures , if adopted , would have the desired effect ? Or , how the payment of that sum would draw back to the country that coin which appeared to have totally evaporated ? He was firmly persuaded that the connection between the government and the Bank was extremely ruinous ; but when government attempted to legislate for them , and to give value to their notes , the consequences would be fatal . As long as the war in the peninsula continued , the country could expect to have no other coin than the pocket pieces which were at pre-sent in circulation . He did hear of a flag of truce having arrived , and of some over-tures 497 having been made from France . These , he hoped , would meet with that sort of attention the state of the country required . In conclusion , he declared , that if the necessity of the measure was clearly established , he would give it