capricious enactments , and deprived him of it on frivolous pretences and infamous informations . His religion was rendered an earthly curse to him , instead of a blessing ; and his conscientious adherence to principle was construed into a crime against the state . All this was gravely done ( not in days of ignorance and barbarism ) but in the 18th century , in the light of day , in a civilized country , by the legislature of a free people ; and then , instead of thanking Providence that the Irish still remain a generous and a gallant race , we turn short round upon that devoted class to reproach them with the natural consequences of our own oppression . By so doing , we do them injustice and inflict punishment on ourselves . I know . Sir , that many sensible and good men , rejecting such arguments as these , still entertain the most serious apprehensions for the safety of our religious establishments , should measures of concession to the Catholics be carried into effect . 'Actum est de Ecclesia , ' if any but her own true sons are admitted to power and influence in the state . I look upon this to be a groundless alarm . I have too good an opinion of the faith I profess to consider it in any other point of view . I will maintain against the whole world that the Protestant religion is founded on Scripture and on reason , and it is not in these times that I am much inclined to dread the effects of Catholic logic in turning men from what we deem the truth . All I can say is , that if Protestantism can not be defended by Scripture and reason , that it must fall , and that all the tests in the world will hot prevent its overthrow . The churches of England 824 and Scotland are deeply rooted in the affections of the people in these parts of the kingdom , and are supported by the endowments of the slate ; but the moment they cease to command ( which I believe they never will ) the affectionate veneration of Britons , it is not a system of exclusion that will give them an hour of life . A passion for Catholicism is not the characteristic of these times—it is not Catholic fanaticism that I dread—the current of danger does not set in from that quarter . But from whatever quarter it may proceed , I am sure that exclusive tests will prove lather a source of weakness than a tower of strength to our religious establishments . Their unnecessary continuance may create danger by creating enemies—their abolition will diminish danger by conciliating good-will . The political , if not the religious affections of men will be won over , and they will become solicitous to support a system under which they will enjoy the most perfect toleration—a blessing which they could not hope for under the dominion of any other form of ecclesiastical government . Let it be recollected that at this moment we have the question in our own hands , to reject or to grant as to us may seem fit . The time may come , however , when what we shall concede may lie under the suspicion of being wrung rather from our necessities than our good-will . If that time should ever arrive , we may not find it so easy , as I really hope we now should , to provide those guards and securities for our establishments , which I am decidedly of opinion ought to accompany our acts of grace to the Catholic body . With respect to securities , I will content myself with saying , that I am perfectly convinced some safeguards will be found not only politic but necessary ; though as a friend to the Catholics on one hand , and our establishments on the other , I beg leave at this time to decline entering into any further discussion about them . Experience has taught us that such discussion can have no effect but