he was desirous of having removed . He had , therefore , requested the noble lord to present this Petition , which the noble lord had readily undertaken to do ; but having stated this much , he found himself at a loss how to proceed for the best , and would be obliged to the Speaker for his advice . His first idea was to move for a committee to enquire into the circumstances of the case : but ort farther consideration , he thought that it would be better to move merely , that the Petition do lie on the table : and then , as the case was well known , and he believed , acknowledged by ministers to be a hard one , if they did not take it up in a certain time , he would make a motion on the subject . This seemed to be absolutely necessary , as captain King had been 166 deprived of all chance of deriving benefit from a court of law , as well as of his character as an officer . He moved , therefore . That the petition be brought up . observed , that it depended on how far this was an application for money , before the House could determine as to its being received . said , the Petition complained of the usual practice being departed from to his loss and detriment ; but it was not altogether pecuniary compensation , but restoration of character , which was his object in bringing forward the Petition . If the usual practice had not been departed from , he could have proved his rank , but being named as a lieutenant he was precluded from doing so . was extremely unwilling to start any objection to the Petition , but it was the duty of the House to beware how they established a precedent by receiving it . If he understood the noble lord , the petitioner craved remuneration , and other things . Now in all cases hereafter to be brought forward , of application for money , would not the petitioners pray for remuneration and other things ? wished to state , that this was not the language of the Petition , which did not pray for remuneration and other things , but merely his own comment on it . No doubt ultimately the effect might be so . Sir Home Popham had appointed the Petitioner a captain . This appointment was not legal on the part of sir Home ; but was the Petitioner to dispute the order of his commanding officer to make him a captain ? Was he to examine into sir Home Popham 's right before taking the command ? If he had objected to the appointment he would have been guilty of mutiny , and liable to be tried by a court martial . It was true , that if the petitioner had been named as captain of the Diadem , sir Home Popham could only have received prize money as a common sailor , but if any person was to sulfur , it was the person who committed the illegal act , and not the person who obeyed . He at the time had been more than six months promoted to the rank of captain . There were many instances of captains of the navy , though in no command on shore , still sharing in the distribution of prize-money . said , that on these grounds , the noble lord having shewn , that what he had said respecting remuneration was only his own comment , he now thought himself at liberty to put the question . stated this to be a question of very considerable hardship , but the noble lord , he believed , would find it very difficult to put it in such a shape as to allow it to be successfully entertained by the House . He was not at present so well prepared as he could wish to be , not being aware of the subject coming that night before the House , respecting all the particulars of this case .