If the course taken by government were called so , nothing could be more mistaken than the motives imputed to them ; and what would , on the other hand have been said , had they refused to go into this committee ? —that they had refused to hear the Petitions , and enquire into their distresses ; and then , indeed , the charge of insulting would have been rung in their ears . He considered it to be due to the petitioners to ascertain the full extent of their grievances , while at the same time they might determine to persevere in that line of policy most beneficial to the general interests of the empire . With regard to the Declaration alluded to , it certainly contained the sentiments of 1122 the Prince Regent 's government , called forth as they were by the statement of the French minister , declaring the Berlin and Milan Decrees to be fundamental laws of the French empire , and attaching no consequence to the repeal of the Orders in Council , unless accompanied by the abandonment of our maritime rights . After this he was convinced , if America acted with the impartiality she professed , when this document was produced , she could not , without making common cause with France , pretend to say , that the Berlin and Milan Decrees were repealed—and must be bound and obliged to put this country on an equal footing with France , nor grant her indulgences not granted to us . But at the same time ministers entertained these views , were they , as members of parliament , to refuse to enquire into the extent of the mischief done to our manufacturers , and ascertain how much might be attributable to the Orders in Council—how much , to other causes ? said , that from the arguments of the right hon . gentleman , and from the Declaration of the government which had just been published , he was quite convinced that , till within a few hours of the time , that right hon . gentleman had been disposed to resist going into this committee ; and , therefore , he was not now to ascribe his acquiescence to respect to the petitioners , but to his being compelled to the vote , by the hints of his own friends , that they would not give him their support in refusing the enquiry . He denied that the Declaration was well founded , and maintained that the policy of the right hon . gentleman , if persevered in , and not checked by the House , as his former determination had been , must inevitably lead to an American war . earnestly recommended to the House to enter into this examination with a proper and serious feeling for the distresses of the country , and with their minds purged of all party views . They ought to set themselves fairly to ascertain the extent and amount of the evil , and to what causes it was to be ascribed , with a desire to remove them if possible . This being their duty , he could not help condemning the line of argument adopted by the hon . gentleman who spoke last . It was wrong to impute bad motives for an act which he himself considered to be a good one ; instead of the most obvious and natural motive , a feeling for the distresses 1123 of the people , and a wish to relieve them . The House would do their duty , and prove themselves the friends of the people by entering into this enquiry , and the more so if they beforehand purged their minds of all those acrimonious opinions , and only endeavoured to contribute the greatest sum to universal happiness . coincided entirely in the wise and candid sentiments expressed by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down . It was impossible that the House could go into the intended committee with better impressions . This was no common investigation , for the nation was , he would not say ,