Ireland , and of all Europe , that our refusal to comply with their claims , proceeds from no bigoted prejudice against them as Catholics , but from a conscientious regard to that constitution which we are bound to support . For these reasons , I can not do otherwise than vote for going into the committee . —Sir , I should not at this late hour of the night have troubled the 846 House but for the extreme anxiety I feel in the cause of the Irish Catholics ; and that anxiety has been by no means diminished by the speech of the hon . and learned gentleman , ( Mr. Owen , ) on the second bench on the other side of the House . I confess that that hon . and learned gentleman did deliver opinions , and broach doctrines of a most extraordinary nature . That hon . gentleman has grossly calumniated not only the Irish Catholics , but the whole of the lower ranks of society . And is it to be borne , that such language as this should go forth to the Catholics of Ireland , and to the lower orders of the people in this united kingdom without comment ? That in this country , where it is our boast that we may rise from the lowest situations to the highest honours of the state : that no person , however lowly he may be born , is precluded from the most distinguished remuneration of his country : that in this House of Commons , where there must be persons who , perhaps , in the outset of their lives might not have expected to attain those honours , to which their virtues and their talents have raised them ; and that it is asserted , that the lower orders of mankind are necessarily excluded , from a moral incapacity , to hold such offices . For be it remembered that was the assertion of the hon . and learned gentleman . Sir , it appears to me , upon this subject , that this is one of the many arts used to excite fears and jealousies in the Protestant inhabitants of this country against the Roman Catholics of Ireland . But the most forward argument is , that we are told the Church is in danger . Now , I do not feel , perhaps , that sort of filial reverence for the Church which has been expressed by my hon . friend below me ( Mr. Vernon , ) but I believe there is no man can feel more sincerely attached to it than I do ; and I doubt whether any person can feel more strongly than myself , all the benefits which we derive from it , and which under God , it gives us . If therefore I could imagine that the admission of these Catholics to office , that the admission of half a dozen Roman Catholic peers to the other House of parliament , and , perhaps as many , or a few more Catholic members to this House , would endanger the Church establishment , I believe a great deal of argument would not be required to persuade me to abandon the cause . But those gentlemen who are continually crying out that the Church is in 847 danger , and who are eternally endeavouring to persuade persons out of doors , of this imaginary peril , are never willing to come to close quarters , and tell us how the Church is to be in any greater danger after , the admission of the Catholics to the benefits of the constitution , than it is at the present moment . I do not suppose that it will be contended that the claims of the Irish Catholics will derive greater weight from their sitting in the Houses of Parliament , or their being admitted to municipal offices . Surely , Sir , exclusions are not made to protect religion : they may be very good to protect political establishments ; and , under certain circumstances , religion may be a test for the essence