; and lastly , the giving up to the Company the controul of the army in India . If 230 the right hon . gentleman had not given pledges on these points , he should be glad to hear him contradict what had gone abroad ; but if he had pledged himself , he could conceive nothing more disrespectful to the House , than thus to bind himself to measures without previously laying them before parliament . thought that nothing that bad passed at the East India House , or between himself and the directors , could at all letter the proceedings of parliament . He had thought it his duty , before he brought a subject of such importance before that House , to form his own opinion on it , and preparatory to submitting a measure to parliament , some correspondence with the directors of the East India Company had to him appeared necessary . Before a Bill was brought in on the subject , he had thought it proper to communicate to them what was the bearing of his mind on certain propositions involved in the question . That he had done so he thought was no mark of disrepect to the House , and no breach of his public duty . With respect to any particular opinion that he might have ex-pressed , if it should appear that he had taken an erroneous view of the subject , the sanction of the House could be withheld , and the propositions he might submit to them , it would be for them to reject ; but at present he did not conceive he had a right to be called upon by the noble lord , or by the House , to state what those opinions were , or at all to discuss the subject , when they could not go on with the discussion , so as to make it lead to any practical result . He hoped the House would not call for his opinion on this subject , and that the noble lord would think it no disrespect to him that at present he declined to reply to the question he had put . He would now only state that he had taken a most erroneous view of the subject , if it was a breach of duty on his part to communicate with the directors of the East India Company , or if it was disrespectful to parliament to endeavour to form an opinion himself on the merits of the question , before he brought it under their consideration . complained of having been misrepresented by the right hon . gentleman . He did not say that he was wrong in forming any opinion he pleased , or communicating with the East India Company on the extension of their charter ; he merely wanted to know , whether he , 231 as minister , had made the pledges before alluded to . said , that he should suffer no opportunity to pass without pressing upon the House the injustice of the regulations said to be connected with the renewal of the charter . Those regulations were injurious to the out-ports , and directly contrary to the articles of the Union with Ireland . He never could conceive that it could enter into the contemplation of government to make all ships coming from Asia discharge their return cargoes in the port of London . To-morrow he should make a motion , founded on the papers made public in another quarter . He should , however , previously move , that those papers be laid before the House . complained of the delay which had taken place in the negotiations between the Board of Controul and the Directors . From the 13th of February , 1809 , for two years and ten months , it appeared that no communication had been had between them . could not give an official answer to the question of the last speaker . He , however , proceeded to explain that which had been noticed , and was understood to say , that though he did not know that any