the noble lords should adopt such an Address as the present ? When was there a period in this country that abuses of the press did not exist ? He never recollected a period when much abuse was not conveyed through the medium of the press against those in high stations . Was it because the press was audacious enough to bid defiance to all decency that the Prince Regent should be called upon to change his ministers ? If it was true that a part of the press was so audacious , he was afraid there was but one way of putting a stop to it , and that was to bring in the party to power with which that press was connected , and then no doubt it would be silenced . Such a strong measure as that proposed , had never been resorted to but on extraordinary emergencies . When such a measure was had recourse to in 1783 , and in 1784 , the occasions seemed to call for it : but in the present instance , the secession of one member of the administration was the only plausible reason given for its adoption . As to the arguments adduced in support of the Address by the noble and learned lord ( Erskine ) , he would not attempt to follow him through them ; but he would ask that noble and learned lord if he was a friend to the Catholic claims when he was in the cabinet ? It was now counted tyranny to resist the Catholic claims . If any noble member thought so , he was certainly right in always agitating that question . But if it was tyranny not I to do away the disabilities under which 69 Catholics laboured , every other system of disability was also tyranny ; and it was quite tyrannical to require a member of the House of Commons to be obliged to submit to the law of qualification . He defied the noble lords to say , that the administration did not possess the confidence of the country . If it was indeed so notoriously criminal , and so completely unfit for carrying on the affairs of the country with success , as was so decidedly asserted by the noble lords opposite , then it would be right to address the Prince Regent for its dismissal ; but as the contrary was evidently the fact , there was no possible pretext for the motion . in explanation said , that he considered a real change of opinions as no accusation , but he had not changed his opinions—he would have approved of all that had been proposed by the late cabinet , and much more than from circumstances they could venture to propose , had he not thought that from the prejudices of the King it would dissolve the administration . ( Hear , hear , hear , from the other side of the House ! ) Lord E. said he was glad to be so cheered , he had laid the trap for it , as it marked most strikingly how general a sensation it was , indiscriminately to impute to public men the love of office and station as the ruling principle of their conduct , which furnished a sound , but thank God , at present an unnecessary caution against being too eager in forming administrations , and placed the conduct of his two noble friends in the very light in which he wished it to be viewed . , in allusion to what had just fallen from his noble and learned friend , begged leave to remind him , that in the year or two subsequent to 1807 , the same obstacle continued to exist ; and yet he voted in those years for emancipation . He did not mean to say , that his noble and learned friend had acted wrong in so voting , if he , from conviction , had changed his mind . If he himself could be satisfied that the opinions he now held were weak and foolish opinions , he should act as his noble