few observations to the House . The learned gentleman who preceded me has slated upon this subject opinions so singular , that I scarcely know how to enter into any contest with him respecting them . He has asserted that the repeal of these disabilities would be of no value to the lower classes of the Catholics . What , Sir I is it no object to them to be permitted to rise , like their Protestant neighbours , to 831 situations of honour and emolument ? Is it no object to them to reap , like others , the fruit of their industry and talents , and to be capable of filling the highest offices in the law , in the army , and in the civil government of the state ? It is the pride , the glory , and the advantage of this country , that the avenues to honour and profit are open equally , waving these disabilities , to all ; and can it then be said , that to deny them to the Catholics is no grievance to this part of the community ? But , Sir , the learned gentleman has argued , that the lower ranks of society labour under what he calls a `` moral incapacity '' to avail themselves of the proposed concessions . Now , without stopping to shew the absurdity of this assertion , I must say , without , I hope , causing offence to the learned gentleman , that I think , considering the circumstances of his life and history , that he is one of the last persons in this House , from whom I should have expected such an opinion . The learned doctor who spoke second in this debate , and who told us that Buonaparté has trampled upon the boundaries of right and wrong , has , I think , himself trampled upon the boundaries of sense and nonsense . The learned doctor told us , that he proposed to himself two objects in his speech to-night ; the one , to state the merits , the other , the demerits of the Catholics . His view of their merits has consisted in a fruitless attempt to depreciate their wealth and their numbers ; and his view of their demerits has consisted in the recital of certain oaths of spiritual allegiance to the Pope , which are taken by their bishops , and of the obsolete doctrines of certain ancient councils , some of which have never been adopted , and others have been formally disclaimed by the Irish Catholics . But upon these points full and satisfaclory explanation has been afforded to the House by the worthy baronet who spoke after him . The learned doctor has been kind enough to interpret for the Roman Catholics their tenets and principles according to his own judgment and construction ; but I suspect that if some Roman Catholic divine were to undertake a similar task for the benefit of the learned doctor , he might perhaps , by too literal an interpretation , so explain the thirty-nine articles which the learned doctor has subscribed as the profession of his own creed , that he might not be very willing to accept such a construction , and might find sufficient occupation in reconciling the difficulties of his own system , 832 without engaging to expound for others , according to an interpretation disclaimed by them , and contradicted by their practice , the tenets and doctrines of their faith . The learned doctor , however , not content with his serious and solemn argument upon this subject , and disclaiming altogether what he calls `` apophthegmatical argument , '' has condescended to be facetious , but has discovered , perhaps , that it requires a skilful fencer to wield the weapons of irony . If , however , he has failed in his attack upon my honourable friend behind me , he has at least the merit of appearing undaunted and unhurt by the recoil of his own artillery— `` While peals of laughter , Codrus , round thee break , Thou unconcern 'd