home until evening , was on his return arrested ; the other was of a woman , whose cause was decided on a Friday , but who , waiting until Saturday for a stage in 185 which to return home , was arrested in getting into the stage . In both those cases the courts decided , that the individuals were entitled to protection . said , that this was a novel case ; but the inclination of his mind was , that Mr. Palmer ought to be protected . He had been ordered by the Committee to do a particular act before his return home , and was therefore not released from his attendance at the time of his arrest . doubted , in the first place , the power of a Committee to appoint a messenger . If , however , they had that power , his protection ought to describe him as a messenger , not as a witness . Otherwise a sheriff 's officer might be involved in endless perplexities . For suppose a sheriff 's officer met a man against whom he had a writ , going to Hampstead , and that man were to tell him , that he was sent on a message by a committee of the House of Commons , although the letter , which he might shew as his protection , was merely a summons as a witness before that committee , it would be hard to impose on the sheriff 's officer the necessity of believing such a statement . It might perhaps be expedient to postpone the further consideration of this case , in order to afford time for deliberation . observed , that if the case were to stand over , it must be on the principle alone . No new circumstances could appear . In old times , even before the Revolution , it had always been held to be the undoubted right of the House of Commons to protect from arrest , witnesses summoned either to the House , or to a committee , in coming , staying , and returning . In his view of the present question , the character of Mr. Palmer as a messenger , seemed to be a secondary consideration . The House must first dispose of his quality as a witness ; that he had been in attendance as a witness before the Committee , was clear : that he was not to re-turn to the Committee in the capacity of a witness was also clear . The question for the House to consider was , whether Mr. Palmer was bona fide on his return home when he was arrested . If he had not taken a more than lawful latitude—if his departure from the direct line of his return was satisfactorily accounted for by the intervening act which had been described—the House would have to decide whether in that case they would cut short his protection , and by doing so , forbid their witnesses 186 from returning home by any other than the straight course . was of opinion , that had the suspension of Mr. Palmer 's return home been his own choice , he would not have been entitled to the privilege of protection ; but it was evidently the act of the Committee . also trusted , that the House would consider the deviation of Mr. Palmer from the straight line of his return sufficiently accounted for , and that they would give him the benefit of protection , , if such were the wish of the House , expressed his entire acquiescence in it . thought it enigmatical that two brothers , summoned to attend the same committee , should be arrested on the same day , and on writs issued by two different attornies . bore testimony to the character of Mr. Campbell . He understood that Mr. Campbell was a man of great worth , and considerable property . He had been a settler in New South Wales , but had been compelled , about eight years ago , to come over to this country to give evidence on a trial