or my conduct , have ever varied for a moment . The learned lord refers you to a printed letter of mine to lord Fingall , and following the 696 early example and daily practice of his colleagues , he quotes it in unfair and garbled extracts . In one thing , however , he differs from them , and I thank him for it ; he has at least the manliness to make his personal attacks upon me in a place where they can be answered . My lords , I adhere to that letter , to every phrase which it contains , to every sentiment which it expresses ; nor have I this night uttered a single word which does not perfectly accord with it . I desire you only to read it before you judge , to take your impression of its contents from the paper itself , and not from such misrepresentations as the learned lord is pleased to make of it . When you have so done , I will gladly appeal to yourselves whether it be true , that I have in any part of that letter , spoken of the king 's negative upon the appointment of the Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland as an indispensable condition , without which the disabilities now attaching on that body can never be repealed ? The learned lord asserts it , but he has read to you no such passage . None such is to be found . You will find there on the contrary my recorded opinion , that to insist on such points `` in opposition even to groundless prejudice , would be the reverse of legislative wisdom . '' You will find my humble but earnest exhortations that no such partial and precipitate decisions `` should prejudge any of the separate branches of this great question , or limit its unreserved discussion . '' You will perceive , I trust , in every paragraph and line of that publication the general and pervading spirit of the whole ; the same wish which I have this night expressed for national conciliation above all other things : the same deep sense which I have ever entertained of the importance of this great cause , the same unwearied solicitude for its success ; the same earnest recommendation to sacrifice to it all minor considerations , all petty jealousies , all groundless fears , and to confide without reserve in the wisdom and patriotism of the legislature as our best securities for the interests of every member of the empire , and for the safety of the whole . Are these the sentiments I am now called upon to disavow ? Is this the opinion which I can be afraid of comparing with any language ever held upon the subject by the learned lord himself Or can any man point out in any part of these suggestions the smallest variation from my present conduct ? 697 The learned lord has entertained himself with a long history about Dr. Milner and the Veto . For what purpose ? would he insinuate that I deceived you on the subject ? He knows the contrary . If he had read the letter which he quotes , he must have learnt from it that I spoke in the presence of those whom he supposes to have contradicted me , and that I received from them on the contrary their immediate and full acknowledgments of `` satisfaction in all that I had stated . '' An impression hostile to that measure has since prevailed in Ireland . Am I accountable for this ? The impression was produced by the unjust and irritating conduct of the British government . To them , therefore , if any evil ( which I expect not ) shall follow from the rejection of the Veto , to them that evil is solely to be ascribed . But , however raised , such feelings do certainly exist . That proposal , which at the period of the Union was sanctioned by the most considerable of their bishops , is now considered by a large proportion of that people