purpose , they would reflect how liable they are to the influence of ancient prejudice upon this subject , and would follow the example of the Stagyrite philosopher who is so much studied and celebrated in that place , and like him endeavour , `` Inter sylvas academi quærere verum . '' Not however adopting Mr. Pope 's translation of this line , `` And hunt for truth in Maudlin 's learned grove . '' For I am afraid that this is not the grove , where , what I consider the truth upon this subject , would be discovered . That truth , however , is rapidly unfolding and developing itself to the mind and understanding of the people ; of which I may say , as Milton describes the English nation , in his Defence of the Liberty of the Press , `` Methinks I see it as an eagle , moving its mighty youth , and kindling its undazzled eye at the full mid-day beam , purging and unscaling its long abused sight at the fountain of heavenly radiance , while the whole noise of timorous and flocking birds , with those also that love the twilight , flutter about , amazed at what she means , and in their envious gabble prognosticate a year of sects and schisms . '' —Mr . Speaker , I should not have presumed to offer myself to your notice , in a debate which never fails to bring forward a display of the greatest talents in this House , but for one circumstance , which probably is peculiar to myself , that it has happened to me to be an eye-witness of the effect of the two different systems of policy , I mean a liberal and illiberal system , adopted at different periods , towards his Majesty 's subjects of the Roman Catholic persuasion . The island of Grenada , where several of 842 the early years of my life were passed , and where the transactions to which I allude look place , was ceded by France to Great Britain by the treaty of 1763 ; and the great lord Chatham , then minister , with that liberal policy which distinguished his character , advised his Majesty to admit his adopted French subjects into a participation of political rights and privileges . Accordingly , some of them were called into his Majesty 's council , others were elected as members of the House of Assembly , they sat as magistrates , and held commissions in the militia , indiscriminately with their British born fellow subjects . The British constitution being established in the colony , they had the strongest possible inducement to study those laws , in the administration of which they were permitted to share , and to acquire a knowledge of that language which was necessary to qualify them for the discharge of their duly in those public situations which it was their ambition to fill . Thus , by the united force of habit and education , they gradually and imperceptibly became Englishmen ; though they still continued Roman Catholics . In 1779 , France being again at war with Great Britain , Grenada was attacked by a powerful armament under the command of the marquis de Bouillé , and lord Macartney , then governor of the island , gave all the French inhabitants who served in the militia , the option of returning to their own homes , but many of them , feeling that they enjoyed a constitution and privileges worth fighting for , chose to remain in the ranks . The Hospital hill , which they assisted in defending , was taken by storm , after an obstinate resistance , in which the assailants lost as many men as the garrison consisted of ; and then lord Macartney was obliged to capitulate ; but not a syllable of complaint was heard of any treachery or disaffection among the French Roman Catholic subjects . Whether , as the right hon . and learned doctor behind me ( Dr. Duigenan ) asserts , it is part of their creed that no faith is to