right hon . gentleman was not inclined to take such a step , but as he had thrown out a hint to that effect , he thought it his duty to express his sentiments of the evils which were to be apprehended from it . said , in explanation , that the right hon . baronet understood him in a stronger sense than he intended—he merely meant to state in fairness , that the difference in price might make it a question whether some limits should not be put to it . said , that the consumption of grain in the Irish distilleries was prodigious , as besides the consumption of that country , Ireland exported near a thousand puncheons of spirits a week . He thought that in determining this question , the price of corn in this country ought to be attended to as well as the price of corn in Ireland . It was evident that while there was a free intercourse of corn between the two Countries , the price of it in Ireland must be affected by the price of it 36 in Great Britain . He thought that it was due to the poor manufacturers of Great Britain , who were now living on reduced wages , and with an increased price of pro-visions , to take measures for preventing the unnecessary consumption of grain in the Irish distilleries . If this waste of grain were stopped , our manufactures might be sent out to pay for West India sugar , and the manufactures might be restored to their former wages . observed , that it was not unusual , when a motion of great magnitude was brought under the consideration of the House , for the noble lord who intended to make it , to preface his speech by dwelling on the purity of the motives by which he was actuated , and by declaring , that a strong sense of public duty impelled him to offer himself to their lordships ' notice . On no occasion , by no individual , he could justly say , were such expressions ever made use of with more entire sincerity , than by him who then had the honour of addressing the House . The motion which he should have to submit to their lordships , originated entirely with himself—it was not suggested by any man , or set of men , either in that House or out of it ; it had arisen from feelings of a purely public nature , from an anxious wish to make an exertion which might dispel the gloomy prospect that surrounded the country , and avert the occurrence of the worst calamity that could befal the empire . He knew he had made use of a bold expression . But the calamity he referred to fully justified it—that calamity was nothing less than the separation of the two sister countries—the dismemberment of the empire . Of no less magnitude was the evil which he fearfully contemplated—and which , in his opinion , reasoning from cause to effect , the system pursued at present , must necessarily produce—and , at a period far less remote than was , in all probability , imagined by the generality of persons . It was under the strong and serious apprehension of this calamity , whether that feeling were erroneous or justly founded , that he earnestly solicited 37 the indulgent attention of the House . On this occasion , it would not be necessary for him to carry their lordships back to the commencement of the melancholy illness of the sovereign , who , for more than half a century , had swayed the sceptre of those realms ; nor would it be necessary to do more than to advert to those amiable sentiments , those refined principles of duty and affection , which , at the commencement of the restricted Regency , and throughout its duration , had induced his royal highness the Prince Regent , to adopt and pursue that course to which his royal father was known to be attached . While any hope remained of his Majesty 's