, been a communication made on the subject of the scarcity of this article , in consequence of which , in all licences since granted , the word `` Rice '' had been excluded . How far it would have been proper , as rice was not a prohibited article , to prevent the exportation of any cargo already shipped under a licence previously granted , he thought was a matter of serious consideration . It seemed to him to be extremely doubtful how far , in these circumstances , a merchant ought to be deprived of the best market he could get ; and it even seemed to be of serious consideration , whether the knowledge of such a regulation might not prevent the importation of the article , particularly from America . thought the first question was , what would be the best mode of applying the rice now in this country , whether to keep it to ourselves , or to export it for the use of our enemies ? As to what had fallen from the right hon . gentleman in regard to America , he confessed he was surprised that the right hon . gentleman should have made any reference to that country , when he considered in what istuation he himself stood—who he was—and what had been his conduct in regard to America . He really thought , in the situation in which the right hon . gentleman stood , he needed not have applied any of his general principles to America . said , he had not forgotten who or what he was , but had thrown out what he had said only as reasons against interfering with licences already granted . hoped he should have received a more pointed answer , whether licences were , in the present circumstances of the country , granted for the exportation of so necessary an article . said he had already stated , that many licences had been granted generally , which comprehended rice , as not being a prohibited article . Since communications on the subject had been made to the Board of Trade , the article of rice had been uniformly excepted ; but if the hon . gentleman meant to contend , that where the licences had been granted generally , and cargoes of rice had been shipped , the exportation ought still to be stopped , he had not the smallest doubt that the hon . gentleman would require an act of parliament for that purpose . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move for copies of the Patents , under which lord Melville , and the earl of Buckinghamshire , were appointed to the office of President of the Board of Controul . He observed , that in 1784 , when the Board of Controul was nominated , none of the members belonging to which were to receive salary , but the President had been allowed 2,000l . per annum , which he received up to last year . In that session , a Bill was brought in for its augmentation , and 22,000l . had been voted for that purpose . His object , therefore , by this motion was , to ascertain what further sum had been given to lord Melville who lately held , and to lord Buckinghamshire , who now filled the office of President of the Board . The former of these noblemen had been in possession of a a Scotch sinecure , producing 2,500l . per annum , of the place of lord privy seal of Scotland , yielding 3,500l . and of 5,000l . under the act of last session , making together 10,000l . a year . The earl of Buckinghamshire had a sinecure and salary , as having served the office of chief secretary for Ireland , of 11,000l . per annum , besides 1,500l . given to him by the East India Company , in consideration of his having served the office of governor of Madras , and his lordship now 260 was in receipt of 5,000l . as President of the Board of Controul , ascending together