Prove the purpose , open or covert , direct or indirect , to withdraw from the state any portion of its temporal supremacy , and no man shall be found more forward in resistance than myself . What I ask for my fellow-subjects is religious freedom , the liberty to serve God in the way in which they have been trained up , to worship him according to the dictates of their own conscience , to adhere to that form of Christianity which they profess , without incurring any legal penalty , or being stigmatized by any civil disability . I trust they have no wish to withdraw their allegiance from the state ; I am sure they have no interest to weaken its authority . They solemnly disclaim the intention . And were they so far misled as to deviate in their practice front these their pledged opinions and principles of loyal and dutiful obedience , they would find in me not an advocate in this House , but an impartial legislator , ready to concur in every measure of necessary restraint upon them , not as Catholics but as subject ? , not for their errors in religion , but for their offences against the state . These are the grounds on which we recommend the deliberate examination of these Petitions . The King 's ministers advise a more summary proceeding . To examine into the grievances of Ireland would be troublesome , to redress them might be embarrassing ; the enquiry tedious , the remedy complicated . Their conclusion , therefore , is to leave the matter where it stands . The inconvenience affects not them . There are only four millions of our fellow-subjects who complain : and why should their Petitions be considered now , which have always hitherto been rejected without examination Two other arguments , indeed , the noble earl has urged , not so much for resisting enquiry , as for inducing you finally to refuse what these petitioners solicit . He tells you first , and he has learned it from high and grave authority , in a Petition this night presented to us , that the dangers of Popery were never so alarming as at present ! The power of the Pope never so formidable ! More to be dreaded now than at any antecedent period ! Shall I apply myself seriously to examine this assertion ? Shall I remind your lordships of the history of your own country and of Europe ? Whole nations 671 armed against each other , kings and emperors deposed , and crowns distributed by that authority ? Shall I ask you , it might appear an insult to unmerited suffering , where the object of these fears is at this hour existing ? In what corner of Europe , in what solitude , in what prison we are to look , for the possessor of this inordinate and overwhelming power , now so much augmented beyond all its former greatness ? Well may we judge from such vain imaginations what is the true character of the counsels which they inspire . Another spirit , a very different temper this great question demands . In the contemplation of reason , in the balance of justice , in the sobriety and wisdom of an enlightened legislature , what are all these passionate assertions , these visionary dangers , these exaggerated or simulated alarms ? They are trifles light as air , in themselves contemptible , but unworthy even to be weighed in the scale against the happiness and freedom of a nation the union and safety of an empire . That the noble earl should adopt these idle declamations was indeed surprizing . It was scarcely to be expected that one of your ministers should , in such an hour as this , fear nothing from the increasing discontents of Ireland , fear every thing from die growing influence of the Pope ? Does he identify that influence with the power of your enemy ? He himself had but a few minutes before , commended the firmness of a persecuted man , whom terror had not