make it manifest that there was no danger from illicit distillation . The right hon . mover had last night stated from the commissariat returns , the prices infinitely lower than the market prices in the adjoining district , which was certainly no great proof of their accuracy . He was far from wishing to oppose the present measure , except on the ground that it led the House to suppose that they had applied a remedy , where , in truth , they had not . If the prohibition of distillation from corn took place , there would be no suffering , because the distillation in a great measure took place from raw com , which could be brought to market , and was still applicable to other purposes . said , he concurred in opinion with the hon . member for Dublin , that this measure would not diminish the consumption of grain in the distilleries , but alone injure the distiller . The right hon . gentleman had wholly omitted , in his opening statement , to shew in what manner it would realize the declared object of it . For his part , it seemed to be quite plain , that the distilleries being compelled 242 by law to work oft nearly as much spirits as it was in their power to make , the same quantity would continue to be made—and that the only result of the Bill would be , to lower the price of spirits in the home market , by shutting up the foreign one . The right hon . gentleman had stated very candidly , that his principal object was to allay the apprehensions which prevailed ; but if he really believed that those apprehensions were groundless , he should abstain from a measure which must injure the distillers . He ought to remember that they have necessarily purchased grain at the late very high prices , calculating on being able to obtain a sufficient recompence , by fulfilling the orders they had received for sending spirits abroad—and that , if this vent is taken from them , they will probably sustain a very heavy loss . He ought also to recollect , that if such loss can alone be attributable to the interference of parliament , they will have a just claim upon parliament for an adequate compensation . The right hon . gentleman should also consider , that his measure will deprive Ireland of the benefit of a newly established trade , which promised to be of the greatest advantage to her—for it could not be expected , that the distillers would again undertake all the risk and expence of retaining their trade , if the just reward of their skill and industry was thus suddenly and capriciously taken from them . At the same time , the hon . member begged the committee would not suppose , from these observations , that he , as others did , wished the government to stop the distilleries altogether—on the contrary , he gave credit to them for the accuracy of the statement of the quantity of provisions in the country , and believed that it was altogether unnecessary for them to interfere . replied to the different objections urged against the proposed measure , many of which he was quite surprised to hear . It was said that no relief would follow , as the quantity exported was not so great as to cause any difference in the price of corn ; but be could state , that the quantity exported had been from 1–4th to 1–5th of the whole quantity of spirits distilled in Ireland ; and it had been increasing during the last six months . He was not so sanguine as to expect all the relief he wished from this measure ; but it was a little unfair to say that it was absurd on the face of it—One hon . gentleman had spoken of it as unjust to the 243 distillers , but parliament was not bound to consider the interest of a certain number of individuals at the expence of the community . He spoke