recollection of the House the sums paid to the exiled catholic clergy and laity of France , which amounted , in the year 1794 , to 99,548l . 7s . 6d . 1795 , to 135,890l . ; 1796 , to 199,890l . ; 1797 , to 177,480l . 9s . 7d . ; 1798 , to 161,333l . 7s . ; 1799 , to 187,886l . 10s . 11d . ; 1800 , to 195,713l . 5s . 1d . ; 1801 , to 180,772l . ; and that , though the petitioners presume to be of opinion that , in the season of their distress , they have as strong a claim upon the public purse of the nation as any foreigners whatsoever ; and though they are apprized that the precedent of the special distribution in the year 1801 of 24,226l . to the parishes where the weaving of silk is carried on in London , would justify them in applying to the House for direct pecuniary relief , they deem it more becoming them as Englishmen , to declare to the House , that they would far prefer , to the receipt of any extraordinary assistance , a dependence upon their own unimpeded industry ; and that they therefore do respectfully , but earnestly , call upon the members of the House well to consider the premises , and by the powers by the constitution vested in the House , to check and restrain the extravagant expenditure of the public money , which , by occasioning the imposition of enormous taxes , in- 1158 creases the price of the necessaries of life , and to compel his Majesty 's ministers to adopt a line of policy which , by conciliating neutral nations , may affect the revival of trade , which alone , by renewing the strength of the nation , can , under the Divine Providence , finally secure to it the blessing of an honourable and lasting peace . '' Ordered to be referred to the Committee on the Petitions against the Orders in Council . gave notice of a motion for Monday , for an account of the quantity of French silks , laces , cambrics , & c. imported into this country under Licences , within the last two months , with the amounts of each to the latest period . said there could be no objection to the motion . said , then , if agreeable to the House , he should make his motion now . It was a fact that French silks , I shawls , laces , & c. were to be seen on sale in this country at the present moment , in quantities , to the great prejudice of our own manufactures . It had always been esteemed a wise policy in this country , to prevent the importation of French manufactured goods ; and even to give to other foreign goods an advantage over them . He understood , however , that there were , at this moment , to the amount of several hundred thousand pounds of French manufactured goods in the river ; and the only clause in the licences , under which those goods were suffered to be imported , which went to secure any reciprocity whatever to this country , was one requiring that sugars or coffee , to the value of 5l . per ton burden , should be exported in lieu of those rich manufactured goods . If this was the policy of our ministers at the present period of unexampled distress to our manufacturing interests , his lordship was not surprised , that the manufacturers were in a state of great dissatisfaction . If such measures were resorted to , for the purpose of the better recruiting our armies in Portugal , he hoped they would fail in producing that effect . He concluded by reading his motion . said , that as the paper would be shortly before the House , the production of it would afford the best contradiction to the statement of the noble lord . There was one part , however , which he