now adjourn . '' took the opportunity to offer a few general remarks on the nature and tendency of the measure adverted to in terms of approbation by the noble earl , which had been proposed by a right hon . friend of his ( sir J. Newport ) in another place ; the effect would be more to qualify and render Ireland a grand granary for supply , and almost an 157 inexhaustible source of supply to the empire at large . A system of frequent and reciprocal commercial intercourse between the sister islands , was one , he thought , the most to be wished for , as the system likely to be productive of the greatest reciprocal advantage . made a few remarks in support of what had fallen from the earl of Clancarty . shortly observed , that from what had transpired of the subject , he felt it rather difficult to understand upon what principle , and , with reference to the degree of scarcity to be apprehended , upon what ground it was deemed advisable to stop the distilleries in England , that would not equally apply to Ireland . moved , that the order of the day , for taking into consideration the matter of the Complaint made to the House , that Mr. Campbell being summoned to attend the Committee appointed to enquire into the manner in which Sentences of Transportation have been executed , and into the effects which have been produced by that mode of punishment , had been arrested by a Sheriff 's Officer yesterday , on his way to the House , be now read . was ordered to remain at the bar , and Mr. Hindson to be called ; but on Mr. Wilson , a Member , rising to ask information from the Speaker , as to the proper course of proceeding , the witness was ordered to withdraw . then stated some objection that appeared to him ? In reply to which . said , it was the established course of the House first to ascertain , by evidence , the nature of the facts , and then it was competent for any hon . gentleman to propose what course he thought fit to be adopted . The parties were then called in , and Hindson , the officer , examined : Your name is Hindson ? —Yes . You are a sheriff 's officer ? —I am . Did you arrest Mr. Campbell yesterday ? —I did . Where , and at what time ? At No . 1 , Wacot-place , Lambeth , about 12 o'clock . On what process , a civil or criminal action ? —On a special Capias for debt . Did he at the time allege any reason why the arrest should not take place ? —Yes , he did . He stated that he was called on to attend a Committee of the House of Commons , and produced a written paper to that effect , such as I had never seen before . My writ included two persons of the name of Campbell ( John and Robert ) , and the order did not specify the christian name . 159 What did you do accordingly ? —We walked together to Blackfriars-road , where I procured a special messenger to go to Mr. Campbell 's attorney , to desire him to attend the Chairman of the Committee . I went myself to Messrs. Dan and Crossland , the solicitors , who employed me , and stated the case to Mr. Dan , whom I saw , and shewed him the order which I had procured from Mr. Campbell for that purpose ; Mr. Dan said he did not think it was a ; legal protection , and directed me not to discharge my prisoner till a proper enquiry should be made . From him I went to Mr. James , the under-sheriff of Surrey , who informed me , that no similar case had occurred during the time he had been in office , and requested to go for information to Mr. Burchell , the under sheriff of