that he would be as ready to guarantee the bank of Ireland as the bank of England . There did not exist the slightest suspicion against it ; and , he was sure , the honourable men who conducted its direction , would , at all times , be ready and willing to submit to the strictest examination and scrutiny the government or the House should think proper to institute . shortly opposed the second reading of the Bill , on the ground of its making bank notes circuitously a legal tender . Mr. Burke had said that these notes were of value on the Royal Exchange , because they were of no value in Westminster-hall ; but this measure went to reverse the case , and make them of more value in Westminster-hall than any where else . He conceived it would be much better to make them a legal tender at once between man and man , than through the intervention of courts of law and attornies . maintained that the measure was calculated for the protection of the liberty of the subject , who , but for this Bill , was in his person liable to the payment of a debt in gold , which , so long as the Bank restrictions continued , it was not in his power to obtain . 206 The emptiness of the House had been frequently alluded to in the course of the evening . He ascribed it to an understanding which had gone forth , that it would be most proper to debate the question , with regard to its extension to Ireland , after the recess . The hon . and learned gentleman who opened this discussion , had confessed that it was quite impossible to leave the currency of the country as it now was—of course he could not oppose their going into a Committee on the subject , to see what currency was possible to be made . They had also heard a great many general arguments , fending to prove , that by the system now pursued , the country was in the high road to ruin . This mode of reasoning was not only applied to the present Bill , but had been applied to every circumstance and occasion since the period when the Bank restrictions were imposed . Yet those prophesies had turned out to be false and groundless , which he hoped would be equally the fate of the predictions now poured out upon them . He could not help being surprised at his hon . friend 's ( Mr. Thornton ) notion of the beneficial effects to be derived by Ireland from keeping up a practical standard , by double prices , of the relative values of gold and paper currency . He could not think such a standard so desirable , as that it should be maintained to the great injury of the country . And , after all , what kind of a standard was it ? One unsettled and fluctuating , from 5 to 20 per cent . at the pleasure of the landlord in this or the other field—on this or on the other side of the hedge . Much had been said of the examples afforded by the history of nations , of the fatal and ruinous tendency of ell such systems as that now embraced in England . But he contended , that there never had existed an instance in point ; and he defied any gentleman from those histories to show him a case , in which the paper currency of any other country bore the slightest analogy or resemblance to that of Britain . It was absurd and most ridiculous to compare them together , or bank notes to the assignats of France . These assignats , within two years after their first issue , had exceeded , by a hundred-fold , all the issues of the bank of England during a long period of years . They had , therefore , the experience of a number of years , from 1797 , when the restrictions were imposed , to convince them , that