was chiefly owing to the failure of the harvest , and not to the Orders in Council ; and he could never believe that the people of this country were so dead to those maritime rights by which they had been elevated to their present state , as ignorantly to surrender them to the enemy , or even to neutral nations . The Berlin and Milan decrees were the fundamental law of France , not to be departed from , until we should abandon our Orders in Council , and what was called the new blockade , which was the measure of the late Mr. Secretary Fox , adopted in the year 1806 . They were to be enforced against us as long as we refused to recognize the system of an armed neutrality . Such was the spirit of her last decree . He denied that there was any disinclination on the part of ministers to discuss the question ; they had refused the committee before , thinking it to be unnecessary , but they were prepared to meet the subject on its own grounds . It was not by florid descriptions of distress that the country could be carried through its difficulties . His Majesty 's ministers felt these difficulties as much as any one could feel them , but still they would not sacrifice the real interests of the country to any temporary 439 pressure ; they acted upon more enlarged views , for the ultimate advantage and prosperity of the empire . observed , that something more was due to the Petitioners than merely to lay their petitions on the table ; they ought to be taken into consideration . Under this impression , he should consider it to be his duty to make a motion on the subject . So far from encouraging the violent measures which had been pursued in various parts of the country , he strongly reprobated them ; but conceiving that the Petitioners ought to be heard , he gave notice that he should , on Monday , the 27th , submit a motion to the House for that purpose . , adverting to what had fallen from an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) respecting the commercial loan , the payment on the next instalment being due to-morrow , wished to state , as chairman of the committee , that great numbers of the subscribers would have been glad that the day of payment was further postponed ; but they were ready nevertheless . , in explanation , observed , he had merely stated , that the right hon . gentleman had refused to give the extension to the subscribers . But whether there was more or less of distress he did not know . wished to correct a wrong impression which might have been made by some statements in the Petition . He much doubled whether all the manufacturers were employed He knew that previous to the meeting a kind of census had been taken of the number of manufacturers , and on the average nearly one-half were out of employ . It appeared also , that in some of the great manufactories only one-third were then employed ; but in no instances were more than two-thirds employed.—With respect to parochial relief , there was no place in England where the poor were better off than in Birmingham . There were many friendly societies and clubs ; from these they received consider-able benefits . He understood , however , that in the course of a few months there would be out of employ 70,000 manufacturers . He was aware that those who stated facts of this nature might be taxed with having inflammatory designs—with want of patriotism but the statement was true . attributed the distress in trade to the Orders in Council ; the highest and the lowest , the richest and the 440 poorest , were equally aggrieved by them . He condemned the manner in which the Petitions had been received , as turning a deaf ear to the complaints from all parts of the country . He had expressed his feelings in respect to