, no definition of duties , no copy of appointment ; nothing but a vague Treasury minute . To be sure , it is said that the Prince Regent can not listen to bad advice , and that colonel M'Mahon is incompetent to give it . I speak not of George Prince of Wales , nor of colonel John M'Mahon ; but , Sir , we are to consider Regents and Secretaries in general , and in so doing we are justified in assuming the possibility of weak princes and dangerous secretaries , and of the most mischievous consequences resulting . The House of Commons has once prevailed lately , on the question of another appointment , against the right hon . gentleman , who does not yet seem to have finished his ministerial arrangements . I observe , indeed , many old faces in new parts of the House , and I hear of others who are willing to accept of place , if their wisdom be only duly estimated by the present cabinet.—It has been announced too that one right hon . gentleman ( the Vice President of the Board of Trade ) has offered to give his gratuitous assistance to the government . Surrounded therefore as the Prince is by interested and disinterested advisers , how do we know that colonel M'Mahon may not in a few days be a cabinet minister ? We see one man give up his place on condition of being allowed to advise , and we see another refuse to advise unless he receives a place . Col. M'Mahon has been already dislodged from one situation by the advice of parliament . I think the House of Commons redeemed much of its character on that occasion , but I am sure it will lose much in the estimation of the country , and of its constituents , should it sanction this appointment of the noble lord , whose fortitude in entering upon office in these times of hard labour and warm debate , can not be too much admired , and who told us in one 357 breath that he was equally 'ready to maintain and to deny . ' The noble lord has referred to the reign of William , as if to compare his labours with those of the ministers of that monarch . Undoubtedly the Somers 's , the Godolphins , the Marlboroughs of that time , were pigmies contrasted with the giants of the present day in politics , although perhaps in point of military merit there is BE necessity for degrading comparisons.—But still it would be a very bold thing to say that king William , who only reduced the power of France , which the giant statesmen of the present day have extended and confirmed , that he and the ministers who were the aid and instruments of his commanding wisdom , deserve to be put in the scale against the noble lord , or any of his right hon . colleagues.—The noble lord found on his admission to office , that during the administration of his predecessor , two ambassadors had been kept a year at home , as it were to season them in their new characters , and by a magnanimous effort he sent them to their destinations . The noble lord 's hands must be full indeed . An Austrian messenger is said to have just arrived , and I dare say , there is a prodigious ferment in the foreign office , and that the noble lord 's mind is too much heated and occupied with other and grander speculations , to think that any time should be lost , in considering whether the public ought to pay 2,000l . per ann . to colonel M'Mahon for tying up and docketing papers . Notwithstanding , however , these pursuits and occupations of the noble lord , it is not to be forgotten that this is a new case , such , perhaps , as is quite worthy of this new æra . It behoves the House to remember that which is manifest , that the Prince Regent , in the full