he had fought bravely—Not whether he had bled in the cause of his country—but what were his religious tenets ! `` Do n't tell me of his gallantry , '' exclaims this Mr. Giffard , `` I was born a Protestant ; I had a Protestant nurse , I sucked Protestant , ism in with the first breath I drew , I was brought up in the Protestant faith , these principles I have always professed—the principles of the thirty nine articles—the principles of Luther , Cranmer and Locke , nay , of the immortal Shakespeare . '' Sir , Mr. Plymley himself could not have pourtrayed the character of Mr. Giffard , and in him have personified the whole class of which he is the representative , in terms more satirically ludicrous than those in which this gentleman has pourtrayed himself . I have often thought that all the traits of character given by the immortal genius whose name Mr. Giffard has so woefully prostituted were simple transcripts of what the poet had seen or heard , not invented or even exaggerated . Mr. Giffard has confirmed me in those notions . Had any inattentive observer of nature read such a scene in a play of Shakespeare , he would have said the poet was extrava vagant . Here you have Mr. Giffard himself . It is beyond the power of human ingenuity to make any representation more extravagant than the original . But mark the proceedings of the court ! Thanks were voted to major O'Donoghoe , `` thanks enough you may have , '' says Mr. Giffard , `` but bare thanks—no Protestant honours 1003 for Catholic wounds . '' The sword was also voted . `` Return with it , '' says Mr. Giffard `` to your regiment , wield it against the foes of your country , gain new victories and shed fresh blood in our cause , but never indulge the hope , whatever military glory you may acquire , to have the honour of your freedom in our Protestant corporation . '' The freedom of the corporation was actually refused to this gallant soldier . And this . Sir , is the enlightened Protestant corporation of Dublin , to whose single Petition against the just claims of four millions of the gallant and loyal people of Ireland you are required to pay more deference than to all the other Petitions of the people of Ireland , Protestant as well as Catholic . It may be said , that the Irish government had nothing to do with the proceedings which I have described . But do not ministers know that this Mr. Giffard is the bosom friend of the learned and right honourable Doctor—that he is connected with the Irish government ? Have they set their faces against such proceedings ? If not , is it not fair to conclude that they approve and adopt them ? It is objected to us , that if these concessions shall be granted to the Catholics , all the disabilities under which the Protestant Dissenters labour must be repealed ! God forbid they should not ! ! I have had the honour of presenting numerous Petitions to this House , signed by thousands of respectable and enlightened men of all denominations of Christians , praying for full liberty of conscience . I earnestly hope their prayer will be granted ; and that each making common cause with the other in this truly glorious struggle , it will be successful to the destruction of ail the shackles which have been forged , and all the temptations to act in contradiction to the dictates of conscience which have been thereby created , to controul or to warp the mind of man in the performance of his most sacred duties . Sir , notwithstanding the miserable efforts of rancour and intolerance , I would say to the Irish Catholics , `` Persevere in your moderate and dutiful Petitions to parliament ; do not despair of the ultimate success of your cause . Have confidence in those who have always stood by you . See , there is no defection .