could not be applied to large establishments . With respect to the Bill , it should have his support in the state in which it came up from the Commons , standing as it did on the express ground of suspending for two years the power of granting offices in reversion , with a view to the inquiries now pending in the House of Commons . called upon their lordships to consider what would be the effect of the amendment , with a view to the prerogatives of the crown . To grant offices in reversion was one of the undoubted prerogatives of the crown , and the object of the amendment was to suspend this prerogative for twenty-eight years , a period which , it was possible , might extend beyond the duration of the present reign . The sovereign on the throne was unhappily , at the present moment , incapable of personally exercising his prerogatives , or of giving his assent to any measure relating to them . Those prerogatives had been wisely entrusted to the person the most competent to exercise them , as a trustee ; and were they now , by suspending a prerogative of the crown for twenty eight years , to place that illustrious person in a situation in which he must either do an act greatly to be deprecated , and which had not taken place for fifty years , that of refusing his assent to a Bill agreed to by both Houses of Parliament , or in giving his assent to it , become an unfaithful guardian ? spoke to order . He conceived the noble lord to be pursuing an argument inconsistent with the order of debate . Did the noble lord mean to assert , that the exercise of all the prerogatives of the crown was not vested in the Prince Regent , or that he had not a will of his own . What was this but to say , 270 that the acts passed , or to be passed , during the unhappy affliction of his Majesty , were not legal acts of parliament ? said he had no intention of contending , that the Prince Regent was not invested with the full power of exercising the functions of sovereignty , or that the acts to which he had given his assent were not legal acts of parliament ; neither did he intend to dispute , that if this Bill were to be amended as proposed , and so amended were to receive the assent of that illustrious personage , it would not be a legal act of parliament . What he desired to urge was , that the prerogatives of the crown were vested in the sovereign , and that it was not consistent with the constitution , that the illustrious person exercising the functions of sovereignty , should be placed in the situation of refusing his assent to a Bill agreed upon by both Houses of Parliament , or if he assented to it , of having to deliver up to the sovereign , in the event of his recovery , the prerogatives of the crown , diminished and impaired by an act done in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty . To the Bill as it came up from the Commons he had no objection . contended , that the noble lord , in refusing his assent to suspend for 28 years the power of granting reversions , on the ground that a demise of the crown might possibly in the mean time take place , must be prepared in supporting the suspension for two years , to say , in conformity with his argument , that in that time a demise of the crown could not possibly happen . With respect to the Bill , he thought it was of great importance to shew to the people , that there existed a disposition in the House to make a commencement of reform which was so much wanted , and was so highly desirable to adopt ; this principle was of essential importance , however trifling the immediate saving that