that period , I would suggest the saving of 600,000 quarters or 3 weeks ' consumption , by the renewal of the Act of the 41st Geo . 3 , ch . 16 , by which , it will be recollected it , was provided , that bread should be made only of one quality . Taking the Winchester bushel at the usual weight of 60lbs . it is calculated that it loses by grinding something more than 9lbs . so that when the bran is extracted there remains only about 51lbs . of flour . I think , that by leaving in a part of this bran to the quantity of perhaps only 2 lbs . another saving might be effected , while the bread made would be perfectly wholesome and nutritious , although not so palatable . It would also very much lessen the consumption of bread , if flour were applied solely to that purpose , and were banished from the kitchen as an article of luxury . By these expedients , I should imagine , that one twentieth part of the grain used might be rescued from waste , and applied to the sustenance of the inhabitants of the country . I am quite sure , that upon this subject there can exist no party feeling , however it may be displayed on minor occasions ; there can be but one opinion , and that is , to secure by every prudent means that can be adopted , the comfort of the lower 275 classes of the people , who , when they see their legislators exerting themselves so strenuously for their welfare , will cheerfully bear many privations which at present are more than irksome to be indured . I conceive that a few slight alterations , in the statute I have named , would completely effect the object I have in view , and if any assistance were required by the right hon . gentleman , I should be extremely happy to afford it in any way that is within my power . I have not the slightest difficulty in admitting that the hon . gentleman did , as he has said , acquaint me with the apprehensions he entertained , that the harvest of last year would not be so productive as some persons imagined , and that he did besides pledge himself to support with his interest any measure government might be disposed to suggest , in consequence of the information he so conveyed to me . But I can not help thinking , whatever may be the scantiness of the harvest of last year , that there is no reason to fear any thing like a famine in the country , and it appears to me neither to be well founded nor to be consistent with the candour I should have expected from the hon . gentleman , that he should accuse as he has done , the government , of supineness with regard to the agricultural interests of the country , with which he is so largely connected . Does he recollect the measure which was , during the last session , introduced by me into parliament regarding the distilleries , and which , by the influence of the hon . gentleman and his friends , was rejected ? The object of that Bill was to allow the distiller , when grain should rise to a certain price , to employ sugar in the production of spirits.—Was this an instance of that supineness of which to-day we are told , or rather was it not an instance of a great anxiety on the part of government to guard against circumstances like those now brought under the notice of the House ? —With what wisdom that measure was thrown out ; on what solid reasons , it is not for me now to speak , because parliament sanctioned the opposition given to it by its vote ; and yet in the very same year , and after this successful resistance of the measure I proposed to remedy the evil , the hon . gentleman gave me to understand that he apprehended