taken place , where the most important temporal effects have arisen out of offences , if they were offences—but offences which , in a fair sense of the word , were of a mere spiritual nature , and which became subject to that punishment ? It gives the power of personal confinement , and corporal punishment , to the persons exercising it ; and , therefore , no man will say that is not a temporal power ? I will next call your lordships ' attention to the important powers of absolution and auricular confession : —I do not direct your lordships ' attention to that power as it is understood in its spiritual effects—but to the temporal power with which it invests the priesthood of Ireland ; and it gives more temporal power and authority to those persons amongst the populace than can be claimed by the state My noble friend has alluded to the doctrine respecting the Pope , at this day . He believes 634 that the tenets of the Catholic religion are different from what they were formerly . I believe the statement of my noble friend was not made without foundation : but , I think , it goes to this effect , that you are the more seriously called-upon , before you make these concessions , to know what is the state of these opinions , and whether any , and what securities can be obtained from the Roman Catholics ? But I have stated generally what are my sentiments upon this subject ; and in putting an interpretation upon the principles of the Roman Catholics , I do not wish to refer you to opinions of a remote period , or to ancient authorities ; but the authority to which I wish to refer you , is the Roman Catholic authority of an Irishman and a priest at the present day ; a person of most respectable character , of great learning , in a synod of February 1810 , the doctrine to which I will now allude , was recognized and published through the pamphlet of that learned man . And if that doctrine be truly stated , it will follow that the resolution in which it is recognized , expresses the sentiments of the Catholics themselves at this day . That learned man states that there is a great deal of flesh and blood in this spiritual power ; that the bishops claim the power of imprisoning in episcopal matters , of whipping and other tortures , of settling the fees of the inferior clergy on baptism , & c. And will any man say that these are not powers of a temporal nature ? These , my lords , are not the opinions of any prejudiced Protestant , nor the opinions of an authority of any remote time but they are the opinions of a man learned in the knowledge of the subject , a pastor of the Roman Catholic religion , and now in existence ; and if the opinions of the Catholics of former times were different from what they are now , these are , however , the sentiments and opinions of persons most anxious for the furtherance of this great object . But until the opinions of Catholics are further explained more at large by themselves , and we are to judge of this question with reference to-present times and sentiments , we must act upon the information we have , I now wish to know what is the effect of these doctrines , and the difficulties , and , I may say , almost the impossibilities of drawing any distinction between spiritual and temporal power . I wish noble lords , who support the motion , to say how a conscientious Roman Catholic can act 635 with respect to those disputed points of authority ? In a thousand questions of daily occurrence , the Roman Catholics may be placed in a situation where there are two conflicting authorities . Is it not natural , therefore , for him to prefer the higher duties to the lesser ? May not a Homan Catholic who considers himself