and reversions he considered a monstrous abuse . In point of principle therefore , he thought this Bill of importance ; and he would vote for it , and for any extension his noble friend thought fit to propose . did not intend to have addressed their lordships on the present question , on which he had so repeatedly delivered his sentiments ; but he thought it indispensable , not so much to argue that which had been so often argued before , as to disclaim any participation in the opinions stated by his noble friend ( lord 265 Lauderdale , ) on the great question of economical reform , always of importance , but particularly so at the present moment . His noble friend 's view of this subject , and his reasoning on it , he thought extremely erroneous . He was not one of those who attached much importance to the immediate operation of this measure—but to the principle he attached a great deal . Because , in times like these , he would wish to shew to the people of this country , suffering under excessive burdens , that parliament were anxious to relieve them—and , when a question of reform was agitated , it was of great importance that it should be carried into effect . He knew three offices in reversion , which , on that very account , could not be regulated by parliament . The places thus held , he believed , produced an annual sum of 60,000l . Being held in reversion , parliament looked on them in the light of a freehold property , which they could not touch—but , if it were not for that circumstance , they would , probably , have been abolished . It might be said , that at the time those reversions were granted , the emoluments were not so great as at present—but had become large , in consequence of the increased revenue of the country , and the enlarged scale of expenditure , which were not contemplated at the period of the grant . But how did he know , that there were not others of a similar nature , and subject to a similar increase , if they persisted in permitting the system to be continued ? A variety of considerations convinced him of the propriety of abolishing reversions and sinecures . Such a measure would lessen the expenditure of the country , and diminish the influence of the crown . He , therefore , would much rather see a permanent Bill than that which had been introduced . The noble earl ( Lauderdale ) had told them , that the influence of the crown in parliament was diminished—that was the direct influence . He was aware of that—But his noble friend , he was sure , was too accurate a reasoner on the circumstances of the present time , not to know , that , in point of fact , the influence of the crown , in both Houses of Parliament , had greatly increased . The increase of the army and navy , the increased expenditure , and the enlargement of the public establishments all contributed to produce this effect ; be-cause numbers would be swayed by the hope or expectation of procuring provision for themselves or their families . 266 Looking to these circumstances , he considered the influence of the crown , as twenty times greater than what it was at the periods spoken of by his noble friend . The army and the navy were greater now than at any former area in our history . Looking to the power of France , they could not be reduced . Even if peace were restored , ( if indeed , the country should ever witness its return , ) could they , under all the circumstances , diminish the military establishment ? Could they look to a reduction of the revenue necessary to support that establishment ? Certainly not.—What then could be done to lessen the influence of the crown , which was thus supported ? Could the right to make appointments connected with those establishments be