; I well know that if the Catholics of Ireland were now tendering at your bar the very pledge which the noble earl demands from them , you would reject it with indignation . No such compact , you would tell them , can be made either on our part or on theirs . It is our duty to exercise an unceasing attention to their prosperity ; it is theirs to look to us alone for the removal of every successive grievance , which either in present or in future circumstances shall cramp their industry , or dis-spirit their exertions , shall obstruct the improvement , disturb the harmony , or prejudice the liberties of their country . But the noble earl pursues this reasoning farther , and assigns a motive such as I think was never before alleged for the rejection of such Petitions . He not only apprehends a farther demand , but he anticipates its nature , and almost admits its justice . Dismiss this claim , he says ; seek not to remedy this grievance ; it occupies the attention of the Catholics . Relieved from this pressure , their complaints will next be directed to another question which we may find it more difficult to argue with them . '' What a consideration to be offered to a just and wise legislature ! what a picture has the noble earl exhibited of the principies on which our government is conducted ! what an instructive lesson to the subjects both of this country and of Ireland ! These tests , these disabilities , these penal disqualifications , are retained it now appears , not as being in themselves either just , or politic , or reasonable , but as the outworks of some other , and in the noble earl 's judgment , some weaker cause . What then were all the alarms , disseminated throughout your country ? The reiterated appeals to the blindest prejudices and the worst passions of the people ? What were all the dreadful apprehensions this night so solemnly repeated ? The fears of Popery , the dangers which threaten the Protestant establishment , the Hanover succession , the principles of the Revolution , the Toleration act itself ; pretences , put forward only to cloak and veil the truth , artifices to distract the attention , 674 disguises to cover something which is still behind , and which the noble earl even now seems afraid to name . Need I characterize this wretched system ? Its liberality , its wisdom , its honesty ? To stave off the pressure of one difficulty , your ministers interpose another ; to pro '' long one cause of discontent , they seek to perpetuate a thousand ; to delay the dreaded statement of a grievance which they fear to meet , and know not how to remedy , they pertinaciously insist on the causeless degradation of a whole community . And now , in the close of all , conies the noble Secretary of Slate himself , unveils the hidden mysteries of this crooked policy , and thus provokes that very discussion which he is most anxious to avert . Was any government ever yet administered upon such principles ? Are these the councils upon which the existence of my country must depend ? I wish not to disguise the difficulties of the subject to which the noble earl alludes . I know , and have repeatedly considered them ; never once believing that by shutting my eyes against any public evil I could prevent its occurrence , or lessen its embarrassment . Instead of shrinking from those difficulties behind the cover of another question , your interest requires you to face them boldly , and to provide against them by mature and temperate deliberation unmixed with prejudice , uninfluenced by clamour . As much as foresight is preferable to blind security , as much as prudence and resolution are superior to negligence and fear , so much is the policy of full and early and deliberate enquiry into , these important questions , to be preferred to the fine-spun artifices of your