of no great liberality who is ashamed to name his offer . It is an odd sort of a bargain , where the receiver is to be paid in full , and afterwards trusted to for an abatement . Here we are to set our hands to a bond , in which ( what is most material ) the amount of the sum , and the nature of the security , is to be left blank ! would any creature upon earth treat upon such terms ? Are Catholic dealings to be as contrary to our reason as Catholic mysteries , and are we to dispute neither one nor the other , because they are above our comprehension ? But we are told , in particular with respect to the Veto , that there was a time when we might have had it ; that that lime is passed ; that we must concede more in proportion as we have deferred longer . What ! is there a sort of compound interest gathering upon these claims ? Are they like the Sybil , the oftener rejected , the higher in their demand ? In the present state of things there must be no preliminaries ; the offer must be altogether upon the part of parliament , the Catholics will make none ! Perhaps there may be some prudence in this , since offers have come of late to be considered matters of insult and of aggression . But really in any other times , I should not have thought it unbecoming a petitioner to be explicit . Let us attend to the reason that is assigned for this reserve ; their terms are to be kept secret , because they would else be picked and pulled to pieces , and cried down upon this side of the House . Are they then never to be examined and weighed at all ? Surely , if they ever are , the hon . gentlemen opposite , feeling so conscious that these securities are so very unsatisfactory , and certain to be rejected , must see in common with the rest of the House , that it is better this should take place in an earlier stage than one more advanced . Besides , that it would be so much a handsomer mode of dealing , both by the Catholic body , and by the parliament . Can any thing be conceived more productive of ill humour and disgust , more likely to bring things to an ill issue , than to hold out the full expectation , and then , from the insufficiency of the security , be obliged to retract ? 805 Do not those hon . gentlemen know what clamour and irritation arise from baffled expectation ? Alas ! they do know it . They know it , and are not ashamed to urge this clamour and irritation as arguments for immediate concession . Their speeches are full of the peculiar state of disappointment that presses on the Catholic body at the present moment , they can magnify its bitterness , and enlarge pathetically upon its frightful consequences . And whom have they to thank for this : whom but themselves ? Thinking , as doubt ' less they do , the cause they have espoused a rightful one , it does them honour to espouse it , to urge it , to persevere in it : but is it justifiable to resort to this , to raise expectation to make a handle of disappointment ? What they held out in prospect , no doubt , they believed at the time : but , be this as it may , why hold : it out at all ? What possible good could it do ; Instead of quieting , it has quite a contrary effect : does not anticipation increase impatience and restlessness ? Does not long expectancy make a boon come , if granted , with the less grace ; and if refused , with the more aggravation ? And those hon . gentlemen in particular , who are so alive to the terrors of popular disappointment ; are