exclusions have run their race . I trust that more liberal notions are now gaining ground every where ; and that it will be impossible long to keep the people of Ireland in this state of civil bondage . We have been told that these restrictions are not continued for political purposes , but for the purpose of maintaining your Church Establishment . The Church is dear to all of us : but I must confess , that if the Church is to be maintained by degrading and stigmatizing the people of Ireland , it is purchased at a very dear rate . Under all these considerations , and the consideration of the eloquent and powerful arguments , urged on this side of the House in favour , of the motion , I am per 849 suaded that if this House does but consent to entertain the question , you will have gone a great way towards the conciliation of Ireland . Sir , an hon . gentleman who spoke on the other side of the House , ( Mr. Bankes , ) has told us , that history and experience were against us . I deny the fact , and he has not brought one proof of his statement . He told us , indeed , that if these materials , ( speaking of the various , and , as he contends , clashing interests , in the state ) were brought together , they would be more likely to explode . Now , is the hon . gentleman not more afraid of this explosion in the situation in which we now stand ; are we not much more liable to the dangers he talks of , as long as you have four millions of irritated people to contend with ; than after you have endeavoured to unite and conciliate them ? The fact is , that history is against him . Even within the memory of persons here present , he will find powerful arguments against him . Let him look at America ; let the House consider well that important lesson . To her small and equitable demands England opposed what we were pleased to terra firmness . America persevered in her demands , and England in her firmness ; the pretensions of the former grew with the resistance of the latter , till war and separation terminated the contest . May the parable not be complete ! But surely , no man can doubt , but , if England had known how and when to yield , America might , at this hour , have been a British colony . To the same spirit of firmness we owe , in a great degree , our contests with the Irish Catholics ; for the fact is , that in cases of this kind , men who have once embarked in a system of error , continue to cherish it , thinking that by perseverance , they may , as it were , turn wrong into right . Now , at the present moment they can not think of abandoning their erroneous opinions with regard to Ireland , favourable even as the results might be , for fear of encouraging the imputation of contradicting themselves . Upon all these grounds , therefore , and seeing no danger whatever to the Church , the alarm about which is a mere bugbear to the people , I can not but give my cordial assent to this motion . In the cry that has been raised upon this subject in favour of the Church , and to warn us of its dangers , I can assure the right hon . gentleman over the way , that I believe him to be very sincere . He is , 850 perhaps , out of all those who oppose this question , or who make use of it for their own purpose , the only man to whom I do ascribe sincerity . But I much doubt whether the same quality can be ascribed to all of his subservient colleagues , some of whom have accepted office under circumstances the most peculiar . How