for its support ; and when you have done that , I do not imagine that the slightest danger can follow . That religion is one of the primary motives of human actions , I will not deny : but will any man say , that it is the sole motive ? will any man say that there are no other motives in human society , or will dispute that there will be individual motives excited , when an individual interest is held out ? Will any man say that a priesthood can have the same influence over a body that is connected with society in all the common and ordinary relations and advantages that the state holds out ? or that such a body will unite with any priesthood so disposed , for the subversion of that state ? This I take to be impossible ; and here let me add one of the nicest points of the whole . The Roman Catholic Church of Ireland , I know , it is said , are ready not only to admit , but ready to assert , the spiritual 618 power of the Court of Rome , in a fuller extent than any other Catholic country in Europe . But it must also be remembered , that the cause of this is , that the Catholics of Ireland never received from their own government the protection afforded by every other state in Europe , to separate them from the usurpation of the Pope , and hence the greater dependence of the Irish Catholic Church upon the see of Rome . I know that in all other Protestant states of Europe , the Catholics have been admitted to much greater privileges than this : and I do in my conscience think that to be the reason why the danger which is apprehended in Ireland is greater ? It is because the Catholic Church in Ireland is not more under the protection of the state ; and if we had made any arrangement for the purpose of supporting the Catholic priesthood of Ireland , the concessions to whose laity now are supposed to be dangerous , we should restore to the country a greater increase of safety to its establishments . But by keeping them from the common benefits of the country , you risk that security for which you now are alarmed . It is , therefore , my firm opinion , that if you would have real security against spirituals in the Roman Catholic Church of Ireland , you must give them temporals . Believe me , it is through temporals that you will secure yourself against the mischief of spiritual usurpation . Here then , I present to your lordships the ground upon which I think the Catholics are entitled to their claims , and I do believe , that in this statement alone consists the whole of the danger . I now ask you , therefore , will you not take these claims under your consideration ? Will you not do it , when you consider the present state of this country and of Europe ? I call upon you , my lords , as you value your duty towards yourselves and your country , to embrace the proposition now before you . And if you refuse to take it under your consideration , with such a body of danger as this existing in the very bosom of your country , it is not for me to anticipate , but for succeeding events to shew , the impolicy and imprudence of such conduct . The next question which I would put to your lordships is the danger that is apprehended from the removal of these restrictions upon the Catholics . A great deal has been stated this night by a noble friend of mine upon this subject . But the duty of your lordships will be to compare 619 the real danger , which I have staled , with the alleged danger , which has been slated by the noble lord . And , in the first place , I must commence by asking again , what is