future times could be found capable of choosing his ministers solely on account of private services or private friendship . The Prince Regent , he felt assured , was above any such temptation ; and he believed that any person offering such advice , poisoning his ear with such doctrines , would receive a contemptuous dismissal from his royal 349 presence as a reward for his pernicious sentiments . The right hon . gentleman himself was a proof that his Royal Highness was incapable of acting from motives of that description , for he had never heard that the right hon . gentleman aspired to the honour of being the early friend or companion of the Prince . With regard to the legality or illegality of the office under discussion , neither the hon . mover of the question , nor the hon . member who spoke on the same side , had `` aid any thing respecting it : but for himself , he should like to know who could give a positive opinion upon the one or the other , upon its illegality or its unconstitutionality , without more knowledge than the House yet possessed ? If the right hon . gentleman would give them sufficient evidence upon all those particulars relating to that appointment which it was material the House should have , then they would be able to form a fit conclusion ; but were they to come to a decision upon the propriety of the office , merely upon the assertions of the right hon . gentleman that it was expedient , that it was not new , that it was not illegal , and that it was not unconstitutional ? If , however , they were to come to any decision upon those assertions , his decision would be , that the office , from the right hon . gentleman 's description of it , was , most probably , unconstitutional , if not illegal . For what did he say , `` that colonel M'Mahon was to communicate the answers of the Prince Regent to the high officers of the government upon all matters submitted by them to his Royal Highness . '' If it was so , then he was prepared to say , that it would soon be found that the private secretary of the Prince Regent had become the prime minister of England . The case had been paralleled with colonel Taylor 's appointment , and the right hon . gentleman had insinuated his surprize at the supineness of parliament in letting it pass unnoticed at the time . He could tell him why it had passed so unnoticed . Besides the severe calamity which rendered that appointment necessary , there were sanguine hopes entertained of his Majesty 's recovery , and it was understood that nothing would be more likely to hurt his feelings , in the event of such recovery , than to hear that any public enquiry had taken place as to his right to the assistance of col. Taylor . And was it the rt . hon . gent , who had been so long employed under his Majesty , who complained that steps had not been taken to question that appointment ! 350 But the House had also been told , that the business of the state had so increased , that it was impossible for any king to discharge it , without the subordinate services of a private secretary . This he confessed was something new . His Majesty discharged that business for five and forty years without such services . `` Aye , '' said the right hon . gentleman , `` that is true ; but then the King came to the throne at a very early age , and habits of application became gradually formed in him , and besides , the public business was then much less than it is now . '' Was there indeed little to do at his Majesty 's accession ? Did he not succeed to the throne in the middle of the seven year 's war , and at a period when the foreign correspondence