not view that circumstance without serious alarm . A noble lord has referred you to a monarch of France , Louis 14 , who , he tells us , was the eldest son of the Church , and the champion of Popery in Europe ; but his strength was weakness , and his hostility peace , compared with the power , and avowed hostility of the present ruler of France ; and . Sir , when I consider that the Pope himself , to whom the Catholic priesthood and people of Ireland profess the most implicit submission in their ecclesiastical government , is , at this moment , the prisoner and slave of Buonaparté , will any man say , that there is no danger to be apprehended from the influence of the Pope so circumstanced , to our Protestant state , if power be extended to Roman Catholics ? This is the quarter . Sir , from whence the great danger is to be apprehended , and therefore , I would ask those gentlemen , who advocate this question , if while such an influenee exists , and that you place Catholic generals at the head of your armies . Catholics representatives in your Houses of Parliament , and Catholics to fill the offices of ministers of state , you can expect permanent safety to your Protestant constitution , or that you may not one day have he crown of England held up as a prize for Catholic adventurers ? Our ancestors , Sir , had woeful lessons of experience , and some respect is sorely due to the weight of that policy by which they were actuated , and which ultimately led to the Revolution , under one of the most illustrious monarchs that ever dignified the throne of these realms . I can not , therefore . Sir , by voting for this measure cast a 830 censure on the memory of that great monarch , and the memory of those illustrious characters who accomplished that glorious work . I can not consent to abrogate the policy under which we have flourished for above a century , nor to pull down with unhallowed hands those sound barriers , which have so long defended our constitution . Sir , the question before you is a new experiment upon the constitution , which I thins inadmissible , and to which I therefore avow my resistance in the first stage , and on this account . Sir , I feel it my duty to oppose the motion , and I also think it the most honourable and fair mode of dealing with the Catholics , not to go into the committee , for to do otherwise would be only to disappoint and to irritate . Surrounded , as we are Sir , on all sides with dangers and with difficulties , yet I turn with confidence to our glorious constitution as a land-mark to guide us safe through the troubled ocean of these times , and I conclude by giving my vote against the motion . —I am sensible . Sir , that in rising at a time when so many other persons , much more worthy of audience than myself , are desirous of addressing themselves to the House , I may owe it , perhaps , some apology , for obtruding myself at all upon its attention . And , indeed , the subject of our present consideration has been so frequently and so fully discussed , so much argument has been employed upon if , and that argument has been urged with so much eloquence , that a person much more competent than myself might well abstain from the hopeless attempt of adding to it either novelty or interest . But at the same time it is a matter of such high importance , and respecting which opinions so various are entertained even by persons agreeing in their vole ; and above all it is a topic which subjects those who think and act as I think and must act upon it , to so much calumny and misrepresentation , that I am desirous of offering a