he should be prepared to meet the right hon . gentleman on this subject , whenever the proper stage for doing so should arise . Leave was accordingly given to bring in the said Bills . rose for the purpose of moving an Address to his Royal Highness , on the occasion . He observed , that in a case such as that before their lordships , he felt it would be unnecessary to call their attention but very generally to it . He felt confident it must be the intention of parliament to enable his Royal Highness to make a due and suitable provision for the illustrious personages adverted to in the Message . The more so 105 when the present peculiar situation of those illustrious ladies , and their exemplary conduct upon every occasion , were considered by parliament and by the country . Under ail the circumstances of the case , he felt assured there must exist an anxious desire that such a provision should be made for them as was deemed suitable and adequate for the occasion . The Address , which he should move for the concurrence of their lordships , would not go to pledge the House to any specific grant ; yet he was aware it might be desirable on this occasion , that he should , for the information of noble lords , state the nature of the grant which it was proposed to bring under the consideration of parliament . Their lordships were aware , from the communication of his Royal Highness , that as the law now stood , the sum of 30,000l . per annum was appropriated for the purpose in question , but this was not to take place until the demise of his Majesty . From the circumstances of the case , a new arrangement and farther provision became necessary . What it was proposed now to do would take place immediately , and in addition to the sum he had mentioned . According to the pending arrangement , that sum divided between the four Princesses would yield an annuity of between 7 and 8,000l . to each , and in case of a reduction in the number of those illustrious personages to be provided for , that income would be so divided , that if three remained , each Princess would have 10,000l a year ; and the same sum to each , if reduced to two ; but in case only one should remain , then the annuity to such remaining princess would be only 12,000l . It was now proposed , forthwith , to increase this pending annuity of between seven and 8,000l . to 9,000l . a year each , subject still to the advantages of survivorship , by extending it to the sum of 10,000l . in case of reduction to three or to two ; but in case one only should remain , then the annuity not to exceed 12,000l . The operation of the measure would be to render the pending arrangement immediate , and to increase the respective amounts from between 7 and 8,000l . per annum to 9,000l . This was the general outline of what was proposed . And as it was not competent to that House to originate a measure of the kind , the Address he should move would be of a general nature , not pledging the House to any specific sum . The noble Secretary concluded by moving an Address to that effect , and assuring his Royal 106 Highness of the cheerful concurrence of their lordships in measures to enable him to make the desired provision . certainly did not mean to oppose the grant . He only wished to know out of what fund it was to be paid . answered , that it was to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund . expressed his wish to be informed , whether in the Bill which it was intended to introduce on the occasion , it was proposed to make any arrangement with respect to the provision of her royal highness the Princess of Wales ? observed , that he had