the riots at Nottingham , and called for enquiry ; but his call was disregarded , and what was the consequence ? The spreading of those riots into other counties . Convinced of the necessity of enquiry , he should support the motion of his noble friend ( lord Stanley ) whenever it might be brought forward . thought that attempts had been made to inflame the minds of the manufacturers against his Majesty 's ministers by circulating a report that the licences were issued only for the purpose of increasing the fortunes of a few private individuals . moved the second reading of the Sinecure Bill . did not rise to oppose the progress of the Bill , but to state that he conceived it was not framed on a right principle , and therefore it was but fair to the hon . gentleman and to the House to state , that when the blanks were filled up , he should discuss the principle , and endeavour to convince the House that it was so erroneous that it ought not to be adopted . thought the principle of the Bill was not objectionable . He stated that he should propose in the committee to fill up the blanks on that day se'nnight . rose , for the purpose of stating as shortly as he could , the objections that had determined him , however unwillingly , to resist the question just put from the chair . He acknowledged that from the very first there had been such a mystery thrown about the whole of the measures proposed to parliament for the establishment of the royal household , that he had had from the beginning no small distrust of them—that distrust , however , had not prevented him from looking at them again and again , and using all his industry to understand them—but in vain . He was as much in the dark as ever . The more he had considered the subject , the 441 more difficult he had found it . As to the mere increase of 6,000l . a year , in addition to the 30,000l . settled by the former Bill , to that he had no objection ; but if the former Bill was the professed model of the present , why did the present Act depart from it in the most essential provision ; the time at which the Act was to take effect ? He could very well understand , how a Bill giving 30,000l . a year to the Princesses might be not essentially different from one giving but 30,000l . a year , but what he felt it difficult to comprehend , was , why the present Act was to take effect immediately , when the former was intended not to take effect till after the King 's demise ? Had any thing occurred since the enactment of the former Bill , that rendered an immediate provision necessary ? Was there any thing in the present state of the country that made it desirable to increase its expenditure ? One might suppose that the straitened state of our finances , the distresses of our manufacturers , and the calamities that marked the present times , did not particularly recommend the present as a period at which we should be more prompt to impose a charge upon the public than we were disposed to be at a former and much more favourable period . Unfortunately , however , the right hon . gentleman thought otherwise , and as he never thought without good reason , he would see why the right hon . gentleman thought so . He had given two reasons , one , the present state of the King ; and the other , the present state of the Prince . The right hon . gentleman had spared himself the trouble of shewing why the indisposition of his Majesty made it necessary for the Princesses to have more money to spend , and he had been quite as satisfactory in his explanation of his second reason . For after having been urged in some measure to explain what he