What to debate upon ? The simple and naked question is , whether you are prepared to give all they ask , for less than all would not satisfy them ? If this were done , I could not but see great insecurity in it ; 603 for if there exists a religious sect bound by implicit obedience to their priests , that obedience did not leave them free agents . How is it possible that a set of persons holding together in such a manner , and possessed of the power they aspire to , should not greatly influence the government of the country ? Was it likely that the Roman Catholic clergy would be satisfied without their share of the emoluments of the Church ; and , if so , would not the establishment follow ? If then , you are prepared to vote for the motion , you must be prepared to abandon that establishment— ( Hear , from the ministerial side . ) —Nay , you would be bound to do so . In the year 1793 , the late lord Clare prophetically said , that if the legislature yielded one point , they should go on step by step , until they conceded the whole ; for that nothing short of that would satisfy the Roman Catholics . For these reasons , and under the impression that entire concession was dangerous to the establishment , he felt it his duty to resist the motion . [ When lord Redesdale sat down , the marquis Wellesley and the earl of Selkirk rising at the same moment , some confusion ensued as to the right of precedency ; when , after some observations from the earl of Lauderdale , the Lord Chancellor , and the duke of Norfolk ; the point was decided by the Lord Chancellor declaring , `` upon his honour , '' that the earl of Selkirk first caught the eye . ] —My lords , I feel extreme regret in for a moment retarding the speech of the noble marquis ; but I was anxious to declare , as briefly as possible , the grounds on which I shall give my vote this night . And , first of all , I must object to the doctrine just laid down by the noble and learned lord who has preceded me , that if you make the proposed concessions to the Roman Catholics , you will , as a necessary consequence , surrender to them all the power of the state . But , my lords , for the test of this doctrine , I refer you to the case of the Scotch Dissenters , and I ask you , has any such consequences followed from the arrangements in their favour , and even the establishment of their religion , as the national Church of their country ? The noble and learned lord has said , that every religious sect is a political party , and that will always continue to act together for their own particular interest : this , I admit , will be the case , so long as by any peculiar exclusions 604 attaching on that sect , they are debarred from enjoying the benefits of the constitution , because , such exclusion interests them in a separate interest , and forms a common bond of union for their mutual support . But , I ask , is the Church of Scotland , now that is delivered from such exclusions , a political party , with interests or feelings hostile to the state ? Now , if the Roman Catholics were admitted , as I sincerely think they ought to be , to an equal participation in the benefits of the constitution , what inducement can they have to form separate or distinct interests from the rest of their fellow-subjects ? Depend on it , if you place them on the same footing with the rest of their fellow-subjects , you will hear no more of them as a separate body , with different feelings or interests.—But to suppose , as a necessary consequence , if the proposed concessions to