ship-building connection between Tomlinson and Tanner , subsequent to which Tanner became a bankrupt . The assignees made a demand of a debt due from the captain to the latter , which demand he resisted , stating that he had no transaction with Tanner so far back as 1795 . The assignees brought their action , and it was necessary to prove the signature of the captain to a document : a blacksmith from Dartmouth was put in the witnesses box , and was shewn a paper from the Navy Board , as of work done by him , and he was asked was that his signature to the Bill ? To which he replied `` No . '' The counsel expressed his astonishment , and said , `` it must be , for it was a voucher from the Navy Board . '' The blacksmith replied , `` Though it is a voucher from the Navy Board , nevertheless , it is not my writing . It is a forgery . '' Upon this evidence the prosecution was grounded . So much for the malice . When Tanner was taken up for his share in the transaction , there were found in his desk certain remarkable papers , as of bills for work done by order of captain Tomlinson ; on one side of the papers was the real number of days charged , and on the other fictitious ones , in order to defraud government , so that instead of five or six days per man , there were charged 14 days . When the false gains were summed up , there appeared a remainder of a bill in favour of Nicholas Tomlinson for 20 guineas ; finding these fraudulent papers , was it malice in the Navy Board to institute enquiry ? He proceeded to state 177 various other circumstances of a suspicious nature , which at the time seemed fully to justify the proceedings of the Navy Board in the case of captain Tomlinson . condemned the opposition given by the honourable Secretary to the Admiralty to the motion of the hon . gentleman . That motion was for papers , not to criminate or exculpate , but merely to enquire into the conduct of government towards an officer who had been engaged in seventy-two battles . defended the character of the Navy Board . He attempted to shew that they had been guilty of no neglect of duty in furnishing articles to captain Tomlinson ; stated , that they did not know of the subject of the prosecution , till within three days of its being commenced ; and contended , that in ordering the prosecution , they had been actuated by no vindictive spirit . He sat in company at the Navy Board with eleven as honourable men as any in this kingdom . from the high character which he had heard of the gentleman who was the subject of the motion , and the observations which had fallen from the Secretary of the Admiralty , wished to make a few observations . The speech of the honourable Secretary was certainly calculated to make an impression on the House , which made it so much the more necessary to accede to the motion . He would not allude to what had been said about malice ; but that there was an unfavourable impression on the mind of the Secretary of the Admiralty , against capt . Tomlinson , was very evident . If he himself were to speak on such a subject , where a captain of the British navy had been acquitted by the sentence of a judge , when not a tittle of evidence had been produced , he certainly would , at least , have observed a more decorous mode of speaking of the gallant officer . He would not , with the levity used by the hon . Secretary , have so coupled the names of Tomlinson and Tanner , and Tanner and Tomlinson . He was acquitted , not because the indictment against him was ill laid , nor because Tanner could not be prosecuted , but because there