to beg his bread , with his wife , and not unfrequently , an infirm and infant family . Was it to be wondered at , that in a country where there were no poor 's rates , such a man should be discontented , as he must be beggared ? It might not be so here , where there were poor 's rates , and where the whole parish would exclaim against the landlord whose cruelty should expose them to such a burthen of pauperism : but , in Ireland , this happened frequently , the peasant was forced to seek his daily bread from cabin to cabin ; and was it to be wondered at , that he should seize the first rusty pitchfork , and use it vindictively at the moment , or treasure up his revenge till it could be certain ? The noble earl said he would instance a case communicated to him , on the credit of a great land-proprietor . He should arrange the classes of lessors in the order of the alphabet , and they stood as follow : B paid to A , the original lessor , a rent of 90l . : B let this to C for the sum of 700l . C to D for the sum of 750l . ; and D to about twenty tenants , who might be called E , for about 940l . The whole of these sums might be demanded by distress , from the tenants E as the law now stood . Was there any thing more necessary to be said on the subject ? The noble earl said he was most anxious to see this grievance taken up by the legislature : but , in bringing it before them , he had only the merit of intention , —the great merit was due to counsellor O'Dedy , the author of a most excellent and feeling pamphlet upon the subject.—He would then state as the substance of the first clause of his Bill , that it should be enacted , that no remedy of distress should he against any tenant but : at the suit of his immediate lessor , saving the original lessor of the land . The second clause was one which provided , that what-ever 395 sum the tenant paid to the original lessor by distress , should be accounted as part payment to his immediate lessor . The noble earl proceeded to reason at considerable length upon this part of the Bill . He trusted , that nobody would be so whimsical as to say that the original landlord would be injured by this proposal , when in reality , he would be benefited . By this measure the under middle-man could not distrain till he had paid the original rent , and the other could not distrain at all . He concluded by moving , that the Bill be read a first time . admitted the existence of the evil , but whether an adequate remedy could be applied , he very much doubted . While he resided in Ireland , his mind had been very much occupied with this subject . He had often reflected upon it , and endeavoured to find out some suitable remedy ; but it involved so many important considerations , and was altogether a matter of so much difficulty , that he had never been able to come to any satisfactory conclusion . From the difference , as to improvement in the state of Ireland some time ago , and now , and from other circumstances , he could very well conceive that land might , at no very distant period , have been let at 90l . per annum , which might now yield 940l . a year . He himself knew an instance , where a gentleman had let 13,000 acres for lives , or a long term of years , reserving 800 acres of demesne lands ; and now he had a greater rent from the 800 acres , than from the 13,000 . But these grants of long terms at low rents , had been very