it was , he felt perfectly convinced ; and he 25 stated it only for this reason , that the principle which many persons considered those schools as established on , and which feeling was calculated to do much mischief , might be officially disproved.—The noble earl next adverted to the compulsion which had been used to force the attendance of the soldiery at those schools . Undoubtedly , by the law , they might be compelled , by their commanding officers , to attend to their military duties ; but that law , in his opinion , could scarcely be considered more powerful in compelling them to attend school , than it would be to force them to learn to dance , or to become masters of any other acquirement , not necessarily connected with their regular duties . But as the education which the soldier was likely to receive , must be extremely useful to him in every situation of life , he thought all disgust at attending military schools would gradually subside , and , therefore , no enactment appeared to him necessary on the subject.—His lordship then called the attention of the House to a subject which , at the present moment , was extremely important—he meant the mode of recruiting for the army . He lamented , most deeply , that the system which had been formed , in 1806 , by a great statesman , the late Mr. Windham , was not pursued . If the House looked to the enlistment in the year he had mentioned , and compared it with the returns in the present , the falling off in the latter , if they took away from the account the numbers who had been drafted from the militia , would be found lamentable indeed ; and the more so , as , by the volunteering system , the militia , the constitutional force of the country , was likely to be ruined . He would ask the noble Secretary , what course he intended to pursue ? Whether he intended totally to discountenance that system , which his predecessor in office ( lord Castlereagh ) declared he would not discourage , but which , in reality , he had discouraged ? After the short trial that system had had , which led to very great advantages , that noble lord professed , that he would not do it away altogether ; he would not completely discourage it . But it was impossible not to feel , that the strong opinions expressed by that noble lord on the subject , must have had a powerful effect throughout the country ; an effect hostile to that system to which he was known not to be friendly . He demanded of the noble Secretary whether he intended to revive the system of 1806 , 26 or to oppose and discourage it , as had been done ? —He would now shortly advert to a subject , which had occasioned very general anxiety , he alluded to the practice of corporal punishment , which , for the last century , had been carried to such an extent in the British service . He confessed , while he was in the command of a militia regiment , such exhibitions were disgusting and shocking to his feelings , and he did all in his power to prevent its frequent occurrence . It was a practice condemned by many most respectable persons who had written on military subjects ; and , in the last year , a clause had been introduced in the Mutiny Bill , by which an option was given to courts martial either to inflict corporal punishment , as the term was generally understood , or imprisonment . He knew not how far that well-intended clause had occasioned a relaxation of the more severe punishment . To ascertain that fact , it was in vain to enquire how far it had been acted on in general courts martial . Without the noble Secretary informed the House what effect the clause had on regimental courts martial , they must remain ignorant of the effect occasioned by