had received their money , of which , as the emoluments had so considerably decreased , they were , in fact , cheated and swindled . He should move therefore , for an account of the number of clerks in the Navy-office , specifying their salaries , periods of service , and their respective emoluments . Also for a copy of the letters of the Navy Board , and of the Clerks ' Memorial respecting an increase of wages , the subsequent letters relating to this subject , and the Prince Regent 's order thereon . seconded the motion . said , that it was not usual to accede to such motions as the present , unless some strong ground was shewn to the House to induce them to take the matter into farther consideration . He thought that the hon . baronet had not made out a case sufficiently strong . As to the buying of places , and lord Barham 's implication in such traffic , he did not know how it might have been ; but nothing of that sort , he apprehended , could now happen , as the sale of a clerkship would subject the seller to a high responsibility . He could not allow the peculiar hardship insisted on by the hon . baronet , as the clerks had all consented to the present arrangement . said , that these clerks did not ask for privileges above others in similar situations ; they wished only to be put on precisely the same footing . He could not conceive that this application would induce other clerks to lay their case before parliament , as the present was one of a peculiar nature . It was , in his mind , an additional motive for acceding to his proposition , that the conduct of lord Barham might be enquired into ; especially as , from what had fallen from the right hon . gentleman , it appeared that such conduct was now properly stigmatised by the government . Lord Barham 's 410 conduct ought certainly to be investigated , as through his means the clerks had been completely swindled out of their money . It was illiberal and unjust to talk of the consent of these clerks to the new arrangements . What could they do ? Could they resign ? Were they in a condition to contend or make bargains with government ? thought it inexpedient , in the present hardships of the times , to encourage any hopes of increase of salary which could not be realized . Other clerks might also be induced to come forward with similar applications . , on rising to move for the production of certain papers connected with the trade now carried on under the Licence system , observed , that he had refrained from bringing the subject forward at an earlier period , only from a wish that his right hon . friend , the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty , should attend in his place on the discussion of a question in which , from the office he held , he must feel so deep an interest . He now wished that these papers should be laid before the House previous to that grave decision which they might expect soon to be called on to make with respect to the numerous petitions against the Orders in Council.—He had communicated his intention to submit this motion to the right hon . gentleman opposite , who desired to consult with the Judge of the Court of Admiralty before he answered as to the objections which he might have to make to the motion . After consulting with that right hon . and learned gentleman , the right hon . gentleman bad acquainted him with the necessity which he felt of opposing the production of these papers . He should have imagined , there fore , that his right hon . friend , the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty , would have deemed it necessary on this occasion to attend , and inform the House on what general grounds it was , that he was