be kept with heretics , I know not ; but this I know , that in the hour of danger , they fought bravely and loyally by the side of their heretic fellow subjects . Whether they had taken the oath , of which the right hon . and learned doctor has told us , to be true to the Pope and the royalty of St. Peter , I know not ; but this I know , that they were true to their Protestant sovereign king George 3 . 843 Let us now reverse the scene , and see how they conducted themselves under a change of system . Grenada continued under French government till the 1st of January , 1784 ; and during that period the British subjects were certainly treated in a very arbitrary ' and unjust manner . The injuries they received excited a great degree of resentment in their minds against the French inhabitants in general ; and some representations were made to his Majesty 's ministers , in consequence of which , when the island was restored to Great Britain , instructions were sent out to put the Test Act in force . This act imposed oaths on the French Roman Catholic subjects , as the conditions of their qualification for office , which they could not conscientiously take ; and consequently they were excluded from all situations of trust or emolument . They could neither sit in the council , nor the House of Assembly ; they could neither act as magistrates , nor bold commissions in the militia ; and even the glebe lands attached to their churches were taken away , and given to the Protestant ministers . Exasperated at this treatment , they withdrew from almost all friendly intercourse with the British subjects ; they brooded over their wrongs in sullen seclusion , as long as the peace lasted ; and when the war was renewed , with the assistance of Victor Hughes , governor of Guadaloupe , who furnished them with arms , ammunition , and some troops , they broke out into open insurrection . At the commencement of this insurrection , a great number of the British subjects were massacred ; in the course of it , the whole island was ravaged and laid waste ; eleven thousand negroes lost their lives ; and in the conclusion , the whole race of French inhabitants was exterminated ; they perished almost to a man , either in the field or on the scaffold . After having witnessed this example of the dreadful extremities to which men may be driven , by political disabilities imposed upon them , on account of their religious opinions , I can not but look forward with the most serious apprehensions , to the system we are now pursuing towards our Catholic fellow subjects in Ireland ; and I felt it my duly to give the House this detail of facts , which bears so strongly and decidedly upon the present question . I was anxious too , knowing the feelings and passions of mankind to be the same in all countries , to relieve myself from that awful responsibility , which , in 844 my opinion , will rest upon those , who , by the vote they give this night , may contribute to call those feelings and passions into action in Ireland , which produced such disastrous results in Grenada . The example of Grenada , Sir , furnishes a complete refutation to several of the arguments that have been used against taking the Catholic claims into consideration . An hon . member behind me , ( Mr. Bankes , jun . ) whose speech I heard with great pleasure , as giving a fair promise of future fame , referred us to history and example . But he neither quoted history , nor produced an example ; and indeed history and example are both against him ; for though history furnishes abundant examples of the misery and ruin that have been brought upon slates by religious intolerance , it furnishes none that I recollect of any state having suffered by indulging