known to the right hon . gentleman , and who entertained for him a high regard . , in pursuance of the notice be had given , rose , to move for the addition of six members to the committee for examining into the state of the revenue and expenditure in Ireland . Among the names he should propose , were those of Mr. Shaw , of Dublin , Mr. Johnstone , and lord Archibald Hamilton . On the name of the first of those gentlemen being pot from the chair , said , the fact was , that there 257 were several documents which were necessary for the committee to have before them , which were not yet produced , and that the thin attendance was not attributable to any neglect on the part of the members . He considered , therefore , that any addition was wholly unnecessary . said , that while the right hon . gentleman admitted the fact of non-attendance , he seemed to consider it no evil . It was extraordinary that he should appear to suppose that the committee were to meet or not as he pleased to direct . hoped the right hon . baronet had never found any disposition not to accommodate , and he was quite sure that if the right hon . baronet had any proposition to make at any time to the committee , he , for his part , would be most desirous to meet his wishes . He was satisfied that a sufficient number of members were present if any business was before them . , though he should not press a division , yet he protested against the opposition made to his motion . The committee had been appointed last session , at the recommendation of the throne , and nothing had yet been done of any consequence ; it was a delusion upon the country , and he therefore hoped , as the right hon . gentleman was about to propose lord Castlereagh 's name to be added to the committee , that he would substitute it in the place of his , as he could not remain a member where he could be of no service . expressed his concern at the wish of the right hon . baronet , whose services on the committee were so highly valuable , and whose absence from it would be so severely felt . He assured him that as far as his business would permit , he would give his attendance to the committee , and endeavour to meet his wishes . not seeing the Vice-President of the Board of Trade in his place , begged to ask of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer whether he was correct in certain information he had received , that there were at this moment ships in the river , having cargoes of rice on board , with licences to proceed with the same to ports in France . said , that though the Vice-President of the Board of Trade was not present , still he thought , when the appearance of scarcity was so alarming as it was at this moment , that it would be becoming in the right hon . gentleman to give some answer to the question which had been put to him by his hon . friend ; or , if he was not prepared to do so now , that the matter should stand over till to-morrow , and that , in the mean time , the sailing of any vessels in such circumstances should be suspended . said , he understood the question to be , whether there were not some vessels in the river , having licences to France , with rice on board ? He was not aware whether there were or were not any vessels in that situation . There , no doubt had been licences granted to export articles not prohibited , and as the law stood there being nothing to prohibit the exportation of rice , that article of course would be comprehended under the general licence . There had recently , he believed