, but 309 against the government ; and that too , at a time when we were engaged in war with an enemy who , if the hon . gentleman was not aware , intended our destruction , he must he ignorant of what was known to every body else . From this country he had met with his most effectual check in the pursuit of his insatiable ambition , and in his progress to universal empire and universal tyranny , his certain disappointment . If the hon . gentleman did not see this , and he trusted in God that he did Hot , when he called upon the country not to look to Buonaparté and to France , but to its own government , with indignation , and ascribed the inflictions of Providence to them alone ; if he did not see this , but could make such statements with a conviction that he was doing right , he was sure that such sentiments would meet with little sympathy and little support.— ( Loud and continued cheers . ) rose , evidently in great agitation , and began by declaring that if it was not in that House , he would ask the warmest friend or the loudest cheerer of the right hon . gentleman , whether the whole of his speech was not a gross misrepresentation ? The right hon . gentleman was mistaken if he supposed that he had obtained a victory over him . No ; it was a victory over his own invention . The House of Commons was a fine place—the constitution of England was a great thing—every thing was to be admired , respected , and supported , when an adventurer from the bar was raised by his talent for debate to a great situation , but a great situation which nobody but himself could have accepted under such circumstances . here signified his dissent from the statement that nobody would have accepted the situation but himself . repeated the statement , maintained the truth of it , and added , `` If you doubt me , I refer you for information to a Letter signed Spencer Perceval . '' ( Loud cries of Order from all parts of the House , followed this expression , and Mr. Whitbread attempted for some time in vain to be heard ) . rose to order . The hon . gentleman had just made one of the most outrageous personal attacks on his right hon . friend , which had ever been heard in that House . With respect to the justice or propriety of the attack thus made , he rose to order— ( Here the disorder became general , and cries of 310 Chair ! Chair ! resounded through the House ; at length Mr. Ponsonby obtained a hearing ) —I call the right hon . gentleman himself to order , and on this ground , that he having risen to call my hon . friend to order , did not confine himself to that point , but thought proper to advert to other topics , thereby transgressing the regulations of the House . I speak this before high authority , who will contradict me if I should be incorrect . , the chairman , then declared his opinion to be , that Mr. Whit-bread had been out of order . got up again , and confessed he had risen in some heat , and unconsciously at the time had exceeded the limits of debate . He would however say , that if he was described as having told the people that they were to regard the government rather than Buonaparté as their enemy , it was a gross misrepresentation . Unfortunately it was too much a practice to identify the government with the minister , and convert the fair claims of the former to support and attachment , into a blind approbation of the measures of the latter . Whatever might be the construction put upon his words ; he was determined ever to speak out in the House of Commons , to conceal no part of the truth , and to