. Let the country now see who were the real friends of the Prince Regent . He did not mean any disparagement to lord Grey and the duke of Bedford ; but they chose to load themselves with the Grenvilles . If they would tie a mill-stone about their neck and sink , it was not the fault of the Prince , nor of the country , but their own . replied , when the House divided , objected to the Barrack Estimates . He said , that the barrack to be erected in the Regent 's Park was estimated to cost 133,500l . which was only to contain 416 men , which would be at the rate of 350l . per man . That at Liverpool , which was to contain 2 regiments of infantry , would cost 82,000l . ; and that at Bristol , for only 800 men , was estimated at 60,000l . making a total of 275,000l . for three barracks . He then argued at length on the general extravagance of expenditure in the barrack system , which had 365 since the commencement of the war , cost the country upwards of 15 millions . When this enormous sum was taken into consideration , he was convinced the House would pause before they voted such a large additional sum as that now required , till they saw the estimate and the plan , and could thereby form something like a correct idea of the real expence . contended , that the hon . gentleman had mixed the barrack expenditure with the building of barracks , and that the whole expence of barracks since the commencement of the war , did not amount to within two millions of the sum he had stated . proposed instead of the word `` now , '' `` this day se'nnight . '' A conversation took place , in which Mr. Ponsonby , Mr. Wilberforce , Sir J. Newport , and Mr. Bankes , spoke in favour of the amendment ; and it was at length agreed , on the suggestion of Mr. Bankes , that the report should be agreed to , with respect to all the articles , except those which related to the barracks , and that they should be deferred till this day se'nnight . said , that be held in his hand a Petition from the Catholic inhabitants of the county and city of Cork , praying , that all persons professing the Roman Catholic persuasion , might be relieved from the pressure of those disabilities and disqualifications under which they at pre sent laboured : it was not his intention to go then at all into the discussion of a question , which was soon to be treated in a manner so much more suitable to its importance , but he begged the attention of the House , to the language and character of the Petition itself . It was every way 368 worthy of the great cause in behalf of which it was preferred ; in bold and constitutional language ; it called upon that House to make the British constitution stronger than it then was , by extending it to every British subject . It spoke a language worthy of men , who knew how to value the rights they applied for , such as freemen should at all times use , and a British parliament should at no period be unwilling to hear . He had also to state , that every signature to the Petition was the hand-writing of the person whose name it specified , comprehending almost all the Catholic respectability , weight , influence , and property of the county . He could also assure the House , that there had been no sort of interference made use of to swell the number of the signatures , every man was left to do as he pleased , a circumstance that must have created rather an awkward sort of contrast , to that feverish anxiety evinced in other quarters to procure signatures to a Petition of a very different tendency . He strongly deprecated every interposition of this