to excite our fears , and to persuade the House , there is great danger to be apprehended from the Irish Catholics , because the present Pope is in the power of Buonaparté . But how is the power of Buonaparté over the Pope exercised ? Thus , —Buonapariéc his body in prison , because he can not subdue his mind , and render him subservient to his will . Can the right hon . gentleman persuade the House that the Irish Catholics are dangerous , because the spiritual head of their Church prefers the strictest confinement to the prostitution of his spiritual power to the command '' of his gaoler ! This is what the right hon . gentleman calls `` having the Pope in his power ; '' and it is on this ground he declares the venerable Pontiff to be dangerous , when he is suffering a spiritual martyrdom to prove , he will not make his spiritual power the instrument of the political purposes of the emperor of France . The right hon . gentleman has happily added , that even if there were no danger to be apprehended from the influence of the present Pope , who could answer for the conduct of his successor ? Sir , in order to dissipate all the terrors of this bugbear , I refer you to the solemn declaration of the Irish Catholic bishops published in 1810 , in the following words : — '' That if the present Pope shall die in prison , or under the controul or coercion of the ruler of France , they will never acknowledge any other Pope , unless he be canonically elected according to the rules of the Roman Catholic Church , free and 991 independant of all foreign controul . `` —This , Sir , is I think a sufficient answer to the question of the right hon . gentleman . The right hon . gentleman next talked of elections in Ireland , and of the influence which the Catholics threaten they will exert , not to have returned any Irish members to the next parliament but such as are friendly to their claims . Sir , this is the very game played by the ministers themselves on no very remote occasion . They propagated the cry of `` No Popery , '' and endeavoured to persuade the elective body not to return any representative friendly to the Catholic cause ; the principle is not new , —can they quarrel with its application , warranted as it is by their example ? The truth , however , is , that ministers feel exceedingly sore because the Catholics in one or two counties of Ireland have at their public meetings resolved not only not to vote for any candidate who will not pledge himself to support the Catholic claims ; but also not to vote in support of any administration , of which the present Chancellor of the Exchequer shall be a component part , because they know him to be the bar , and the only bar , to the removal of their disabilities . Really , Sir , if such a Resolution had been adopted by the Catholic constituency in every county in Ireland , ( and the transaction is stated to have occurred only in a few of the counties ) it could not be matter of surprize , or blame , that the Catholics had resolved to use the sole political influence in their power exclusively in favour of their friends , and in hostility to their avowed and determined enemies ? Is it wonderful , after the promises they have received , and the confident expectations they have been taught to entertain in the event of the Prince of Wales coming to the first office in the state , that under the severe disappointment of those sanguine hopes , the Catholics should thus mark their feelings towards that person whom his Royal Highness has selected as his prime minister and who now stands forward as the only obstacle to their wishes ? ( A cry of `` No , no '' —from the Treasury benches