the Catholic claims , he has changed his opinion with the change of circumstances , and very much to his honour , has candidly avowed that change . He is totally unfounded in supposing that this Petition has been produced by any such agency or management . It has been most respectably signed , by persons of the utmost independence and above any influence . said , that a great proportion of the Protestants of Limerick was not favourable to Catholic Emancipation . 494 The Petition was then read ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners do most humbly petition the House in favour of their brethren and fellow subjects , the persons professing the Roman Catholic religion , who apply to parliament to be admitted to the privileges and franchises of the constitution ; and that the petitioners , their Protestant brethren , do consider such application to be just , and they do most heartily join the Catholics in this their loyal and reasonable request , and , convinced of its policy as well as its justice , they do most zealously implore the House to comply with the prayer of the said Petition , and to relieve the persons professing the Roman Catholic religion from all civil and political disabilities . '' . I have the honour of presenting to the House the Petition of the Roman Catholics of the county and city of Waterford , from a very numerous , opulent , and respectable body of his Majesty 's subjects , praying to be restored to the full participation in the privileges of the constitution with their Protestant fellow subjects . Possessed of large landed and monied property , feeling their best interests intimately connected with the welfare of the state , they claim from the justice of this House a candid and dispassionate consideration of their Petition . They pray that at a crisis of unexampled danger to the empire , their efforts in its defence may not be impeded by unjust restrictions ; that their tried loyalty may not be sullied by unmerited degradation ; that no bar of separation may remain to alienate them from their native country , but that sharing in her dangers , they may share in her honours also . I have peculiar pleasure in presenting this Petition , as I am enabled here to disprove , both from the magnitude of property , and the nature of its tenure , the un-warrantable assertions which have been hazarded in this House by a right hon . and learned civilian , as to the intentions entertained by the Roman Catholics of Ire-land . I know that 200,00l . have been vested by some of the petitioners , with-in these ten years past , in the purchase of landed property , principally on those very titles which the learned doctor has accused them with a wish to subvert . It 495 is impossible to furnish a more complete refutation of the learned doctor 's assertions than the petitioners have done , supplying by their practice the most unanswerable commentary upon the monstrous theoretical opinions with which he has so often attempted to mislead this House . called the right hon . baronet to order , conceiving it to be irregular to allude to former discussions . .—I contend that I have not been out of order , as the right hon . doctor had published his speech , and sent it into general circulation , which made it public property , and of course subject to comment ; especially as the Catholics of Ireland generally , and my constituents in particular , most justly complained of the unfounded , calumnious assertions contained in that publication . .—In any thing I said against the Roman Catholics of Ireland in any former debate , I said against the whole body , and not against those of Waterford , or any other corner of Ireland ; therefore I can not see why the right hon . baronet should have made any allusion to me . He reminds me of Harlequin in the pantomime , building up a castle of pasteboard that he might