arsenals garrisoned by Irish Catholics ? Are not your prisoners of war guarded by Irish Catholics ? Are not then Irish Catholics fighting your enemies abroad , and fulfilling at home the various trusts which you have so justly reposed in them ? It can not then be true that you are under any real apprehension '' respecting the Catholics . On the contrary 995 their loyalty is so tried that you dare in use them , and yet confide in them . Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has told us that the Irish Catholics have free liberty for their own mode of worship , which is all they ought to have . I deny the fact . In the army , the Irish Catholic soldier in Ireland may worship God according to the forms of his own religion , but the instant he transfers his services to Great Britain—for your defence—he forfeits that privilege , and becomes obnoxious to the penalties of the law . When the Bill for the interchange of the militias of the two countries , was in its progress through this House , and a clause was proposed to exempt the Irish Catholic militiaman from the operation of the penalties attached in this country to the exercise of his religion , that clause was resisted ; and we were told that the purpose would be answered by an order issued from the Horse Guards , to dispense with the observance of the law in this respect ; so that the Irish Catholic soldier or officer in England , enjoys the exercise of his religion as a matter of indulgent regulation , revocable at pleasure , and not as a matter of undoubted legal right . It has been said . Sir , that this question has been so often before debated , that nothing new has been advanced during the whole discussion . This can not be asserted by those who heard the powerful speech made by a noble lord on the other side of the House ( lord Binning ) in support of the motion of my right hon . friend . Can it be made by those who heard the able refutation which proceeded from my noble friend behind me ( lord Milton ) of the arguments of the learned and right hon . gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) who spoke early in the debate ? In the van of the anti-Catholics once more appeared that learned doctor . His substitute , ( Sir J. Nicholl ) seems glad to have escaped , and to have withdrawn his vicarious back from the chance of a second chastisement from a right hon . gentleman on the lower bench ( Mr. Canning ) . The learned doctor was received , like a general returning to the head of his brigade , with the loudest acclamations of his troops . He repeated his old assertions . He produced his old effect . How gratifying did the speech of the learned doctor appear to the Chancellor of the Exchequer ! How he hung upon his accents ! How delightful , Sir , it would have been to the Regent to have heard the learned doctor speaking , and his prime- 996 minister applauding every word that he uttered , applauding himself too , and exulting in his choice of a privy counsellor for his sovereign ! But I will leave the learned doctor to travel hoodwinked round and round the same circle of absurdity , in which for so many years he has been moving , and I will proceed to the more pleasing task of enquiring whether , among the defects in point of novelty , of which the supporters of the Catholic cause are accused , is to be enumerated the speech of ray young and hon . friend behind me ( Mr. Vernon ) whose able exertions in support of that cause , if equalled within these walls , has rarely , indeed , been surpassed . His speech has done him immortal honour : if he proceeds in his parliamentary career as he has begun it , he must soon obtain