employed by any member on a former debate , as a ground for calling for documents to prove the veracity or falsity of the assertion . then gave notice , that tomorrow he would move for any documents on which the right hon . gentleman had founded his assertion . observed , that by the Gazette it appeared , that colonel M'Mahon had been appointed to the office of Keeper of the Privy Purse and Private Secretary to the Prince Regent . He wished to be informed by the right hon . gentleman opposite , what salary was attached to these places , and what were the duties belonging to them , as he was completely ignorant upon the subject , not knowing until now that any such situation as Private Secretary to the Regent existed ? admitted the fact of the appointment . He presumed that the hon . member was not ignorant that colonel Taylor had held the same 121 situation under the King for many years , and the same salary that was given to that gentleman had been continued to colonel M'Mahon . Undoubtedly it was to be deemed a new office ; and if the question were put to him with a view to ascertain whether it were his opinion that the nomination was such as to vacate colonel M'Mahons seat in that House , he should answer that it was included in the act of parliament . remarked , that his object was to obtain information as to the duties of the office . said , that the duties were various and important , although the offices would carry with them no official sanction , as the Secretary of state for the Home Department would still continue to be the fit organ for receiving and communicating the pleasure of the Prince Regent . wished to know whether , before the nomination of colonel Taylor as private secretary to the King , any such place had existed ? Under the infirmity of sight of his Majesty , no one could doubt of the necessity of such a confidential servant , but as little hesitation could be felt in conceding that no such officer would be required by the Regent . He was anxious likewise to learn ( the place having been made a State Office by The Gazelle , ) whether the nomination of col. M'Mahon was to be paid out of the same fund as that from which col. Taylor derived his salary ? observed , that the hon . member being in possession of all the facts , he could , if he thought fit , bring the matter formally under the consideration of the House . He admitted , that before the infirmity of the King no private secretary had been appointed ; but from the great accumulation of public business , from various causes , those who expected that the person occupying the throne could fulfil all his functions without assistance , would look for impossibilities . inquired whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have any objection to mention who advised the appointment ? I have not the least difficulty in stating , that I advised it . suggested the propriety of passing a special enactment , by which it should be provided that appointments under 122 the Regent should vacate seats in the House , as well as appointments under the King , to which the statute now applied . replied , that he thought the act , as it was now worded , would include both : if not , however , the defect could be remedied . He was not at all prepared to say that appointments to offices under the Regent , as duke of Cornwall , were , or whether they ought to be embraced by it . remarked , that his question referred to appointments of lords of the bedchamber , & c. under the Prince Regent . In such cases the act might perhaps be evaded . moved the order of the day , for the House going into a Committee of Supply , to take into consideration the Message of the Prince