not done his duty.—With respect to the establishment of his Majesty , neither he nor any of his friends wished to detract from whatever might be necessary to the King 's Comfort or splendour . But why pay four grooms of the chamber , for instance , when , of those four , there was but one could do the duty—three of them , general Legge , sir Harry Neale , and general Campbell , being now abroad on foreign service ? Did not these appointments shew that ministers themselves did not think so many necessary ? —For his part he thought some of those officers might well be paid out of the civil list—on the same principle that he had thougnt that the Prince Regent ought to have paid his own private secretary out of his own privy purse— '' I have heard , '' said Mr. Whitbread , `` that the Queen is about to hold a drawing-room , of course no hopes can now exist of his Majesty 's recovery , because if there were any , such a step , I presume , would not be resorted to ; but in case that drawing-room is held , I would wish to know , is there to be any public appearance of the Princess of Wales ? —This is no private concern—the public have a right to demand why the acknowledged consort of their Regent does not appear in public as such . No affectation of delicacy can be permitted to stand in the way of a nation 's anxiety upon a question of such national importance.—If any man can satisfy the public upon this topic , it is the right hon . gentleman . They know him to have been at one time the zealous adviser and devoted adherent to the Princess of Wales . They believe him to have conscientiously undertaken her defence , to have written her vindication—to have published it . That vindication is said to have involved in it an attack upon her royal consort . It is known to have been an attack upon his Royal Highness , and the Regent 's first minister is known to have been the author of it , and after he had published it , after it had been read by one and by one hundred , it was bought up at an enormous expence ; bought up by the private secretary of the right hon . gentleman . I ask him now , 447 does he retain his former opinions of the unexceptionable conduct of the Princess of Wales ? I ask him if he did not lately in this House solemnly record his confirmation of that opinion ; and if it is now what it was the the other night , I call upon him to explain , if he can , his apparent desertion of her just claims to that respect , notice , provision , and consideration due to her ? These are questions , which , as he ; values his own consistency , as he values the character and claims of the Princess , and as he respects the Prince his master , he is bound to answer . opposed the Bill , and asked why the right hon . gentleman had deviated from the former proceeding of charging the annuity to the Princesses on the hereditary revenue , for the purpose of charging it on the consolidated fund . replied , that in the former Bill the grant was to take place at a future period , but that in the present Bill it was to take place immediately , and must therefore be charged on the fund immediately applicable . In 1806 , when an additional grant was made to the Princes , the ministers of that day naturally proposed that it should be charged on the consolidated fund ; and he believed no instance could be found of a grant which was to take place immediately having been charged on the hereditary revenue . confirmed the statement just made by the right hon . gentleman , and supported the Bill . said , that the present