the existence of an unseen and separate influence which lurked behind the throne . An influence of this kind had too long prevailed , not less incompatible with the constitution , than with the best interests of the country . An influence of this odious character , leading to consequences the most pestilent and disgusting , it would be the duty of parliament to brand by some signal mark of condemnation . It was his rooted and unalterable principle , a principle in which those with whom he had the honour to act fully participated , not to accept of office without coming to an understanding with parliament for the abolition of this destructive influence ; which consolidated abuses into a system , and by preventing complaints from reaching the royal ear , barred all hopes of a redress of grievances . Holding these views and sentiments , he had thought it his duly to submit them to the House , and however various might be the opinions entertained of them , he had at least to congratulate himself on his own self-approbation . He had , however , the pride and satisfaction of reflecting that he still continued to enjoy the esteem of those friends for whom he felt the most sincere respect . All the arts and intrigue that had been attempted , in order to seduce many of those who had previously concurred with him on most of the great public questions of the day , had failed , except in one solitary instance , and that was scarcely worth notice . He trusted he had sufficiently explained the reasons by which he had been induced to sign the Letter so frequently alluded to in the course of the debate ; and with respect to his noble coadjutor in that proceeding , he must say of him , that the sentiments which that Letter conveyed , were in strict conformity to the whole tenour of his noble friend 's political life . denied the existence of that secret influence , to which such power was attributed ; but without laying too much stress on the arguments adduced in debate , it was evident , as a noble friend of his had stated it , that the aim of the motion was to remove the present administration ; and the proposed Address could have no other effect than that of dictating to the Prince Regent the choice of his ministers , which would not be a fair and constitutional proceeding towards his Royal Highness , who had already endeavoured to form an adminstration on a liberal and extended basis . Adverting to several of 86 the political grounds on which a difference ; of opinion subsisted—the conduct of the war on the peninsula , the Orders of Council , the state of the currency , & c. he asked whether the noble lords opposite were so rash as to propose at once a radical change in all the measures adopted on those important subjects , or whether they were inclined to follow the same measures , and only to change the administration ? It should be recollected , besides , that in every thing they had done , the present ministers had repeatedly obtained the sanction of parliament . And now the House were called upon , without any solid ground , to present an Address , which would go to operate an entire change of administration , and a complete alteration of the system hitherto pursued . The great question , which divided the opposition from the ministry , was not only the general policy of the country , but more specifically the state of the Irish Catholics . He wished , however , that it should be distinctly remembered by those who supported the justice of Catholic emancipation , how great was the difference between the present state of the Catholics and that in which they were when the concessions were granted in 1793 . Every heart in the empire rejoiced then at the partial removal of their disabilities ; they had deserved that favour by their constitutional deportment , and every one hoped that by