. He should be sorry to see a contest between the aristocracy and the active talent of the country , for in such a strife it required little sagacity to foresee who would be victorious . It was to guard against any such fatal alternative , that be wished meritorious service of a certain duration to be rewarded ; not , however , by the objectionable mode of sinecure , but by what he conceived a far better substitution ; His motion contemplated the establishment of a fund , which in the first instance was to be begun by the profits of the sinecure which would soonest drop . The fund would be recruited by the very saving of the plan he had to propose . If any inconvenience should arise from no sinecure office becoming in a short time vacant after the adoption of his plan , the House would not , he was confident , be backward in supplying the deficiency . Something ought to be done towards the destruction of the principle on which sinecures were now bestowed ; and if the principle were once destroyed , those sinecures which might remain , would only be considered as exceptions to a general rule , and would lose all their deformity . The Irish pension list also deserved to be looked into . This pension list was enormously extravagant , when added to the burthens which Ireland had to bear in contributing her 2–17ths to the expences of the whole country . Its pension list alone was 80,000l . a year . He would not now occupy more of the time of the House , as the time for discussing the principle of his Bill would be more properly on the second reading . The hon . gentleman concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing and regulating sinecures and offices executed by deputy , and for providing other means for recompensing the faithful discharge of high or effective civil offices , and for other economical purposes . `` —Leave was accordingly given , and Mr. Bankes , Mr. Wilberforce , and Mr. J. W. Ward were ordered to prepare and bring in the same . said , he held in his hand a Petition on which he found it necessary to make a few observations , before he moved that it should be brought up . The House would recollect that previous to the expedition against Buenos Ayres sailing from the Cape of Good Hope , sir Home Popham , who had the command of the naval department , had by a mistake in his own judgment , illegally , as it had since been determined , hoisted a broad pendant and constituted himself a commodore . In consequence of this self-promotion , he had appointed the Petitioner , captain King , a most deserving and capable officer , who was then a lieutenant in the navy , captain of the Diadem , the commodore 's shi and in this capacity of captain , and with all the great responsibility attached to the situation , the petitioner conducted safely the Diadem , and the fleet under her command , from the Cape to Buenos Ayres . When the expedition arrived there , the petitioner at the instance of the commander-in-chief , took the command of a body of marines , and acted on shore as a lieutenant colonel ; in the execution of which service , as well as that of the captain of the Diadem , he received the thanks of his superior officers . He had since been fixed in his command as captain of the Diadem , and acknowledged at the Treasury as a lieutenant-colonel : but when the prize-money came to be distributed , the petitioner was named in the warrant only as lieutenant King , and only entitled to a share of prize-money as applicable to that rank in the navy . This was a very serious injury to captain King , in point of pecuniary interest but besides that , he felt it as a kind of slur on his character , which