commands in his own army , and he secured the affections of the people , by laying open to them the opportunity of holding places of trust in the state . By those means the great Frederic , notwithstanding the threatened dangers of the Papal see , found in the Silesian Catholics the most attached and well affected of ail his subjects . Sir , there is a mode of conduct adopted on this question , which appears to me , upon a subject of this kind , most uncandid and unjust . Is it just by looking into the tenets which constitute their religious faith , taking them in their strictest sense , and then ascribing to every person professing that faith , the adoption of that tenet and of all the most odious consequences which can be inferred from it . Should we think that we who are of the establish-ed religion were very candidly treated if we were dealt with in the same way ? If any person looking into the articles of our religion , and finding there that the Athanasian creed is adopted and declared to be of undoubted authority , were thence to infer that every member of the Church of England professes that an all merciful God has doomed to never ending torments all those who do not firmly believe what he has not given them understandings clearly to comprehend ; and yet this is exactly as the Roman Catholics are dealt with by those who ascribe to each individual of that faith , all that they can find most objectionable in the doctrines established by the councils of Lateran or the council of Trent . Now , Sir , often and often as this question has been brought before parliament , the same frivolous answer has been given to the Catholics . The excuse has always been , and for what reason I never could discover , that the time was not proper for the discussion of the subject . We are again told that these claims ought not to be entertained now . I would ask . Sir , whether any man could have anticipated two years ago that such an answer would have been given to the Catholics this day , under all the consideration of times and circumstances that their claims are brought before parliament ? The excuse which 945 might formerly appear a plausible objection to the discussion , has no longer any foundation . Every thing conspires now to make the time favourable for carrying this question . The temper and conduct of the Catholics is entitled to your confidence and respect . We see them at this moment submitting themselves with the utmost humility to the existing law of the land . And not with standing the character given of them to the contrary , yielding their opinions to the decisions of courts of justice : and with all their passions and prejudices roused by the apprehension of some new attack upon their privileges and liberties , yet , submitting with all humility , to that which was stated to them to be the law of the land ; and yielding to its consequences with deference and obedience , under the conviction of its reason and justice . We have now those very Catholics who have thus submitted themselves calmly to the administration of the law , at the present time petitioning to be admitted to the rights and privileges of British citizens , with humble submission to your wisdom and your sense of justice . We have not alone the Catholics , —coming as bumble suitors to your bar , but we have the Protestants of Ireland themselves , whose apprehensions of danger have always been represented to us to be the great obstacle in the way of the Catholic concessions , —now seconding the Petition of their Catholic brethren , and beseeching you to admit them to the benefits of the constitution , as the only way you can give them that security which you profess to promise them . In opposition to these Petitions , you have on the other hand—who ? All