property to so large amount in the king 's warehouses . Upon the whole , he was at a loss to conceive what was the complaint which the right hon . 255 baronet intended to make against the government of Ireland . The case of this individual had been examined with the greatest care and attention , and it was not pretended that the revenue had sustained the slightest loss . Under these circumstances , he should certainly oppose the motion . condemned generally the policy on which the financial concerns of Ireland were conducted . said , this was the most extraordinary motion he had ever known to be attempted to be brought before the House . No ground had been laid before them , no character had been given to the resolutions either of praise or blame ; and as so much of the time of the House had been already taken up to no purpose , he felt it his duty to move the previous question . insisted that a character had been given to the resolutions . One of them particularly complained , that the regulation of the duties on excise and customs bad been assumed and acted on by the executive power , without any application to the board of treasury , to which department they belonged . That when be shewed this to the late Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer he was absolutely amazed at the transaction , and could scarcely bring himself to credit it : but the fact was , that of which another of the resolutions complained , namely , that the right hon . Secretary had a preponderating influence in Ireland , —that he was the sole organ of government , and no other person had any will under it . The right hon . gentleman himself had frequently proclaimed it to the House , and it was now folly evinced . He was therefore surprised the right hon . gentleman should have slept in with the previous question . intreated government not to protract any measures which they might have in view for the relief of the people of Ireland in the present scarcity of grain . Every day 's post brought additional proofs of the existence and the pressure of that scarcity , and he hoped the 256 right hon . gentleman opposite was sensible of the serious responsibility under which he laboured on this subject . assured the right hon . baronet , that he was fully sensible of the serious responsibility which attached to him in the discharge of his official duties . To be reminded of this , he need only look at the public prints in Ireland , in which , while on the one hand the distresses of the people of Ireland were exaggerated in the most unjustifiable manner , a kind of proclamation was issued on the other for visiting all those distresses on his head . Still , however , he was firmly determined not to come forward and propose to parliament what he could not but consider a most calamitous measure , namely , the total stoppage of the distillation from grain , until he should be in possession of documents of so cogent a nature as to shew the indispensable necessity of such a proceeding . Whenever that might be the case , he trusted that he should not be found disposed to shrink from his duty . He admitted that every post did bring additional information on this subject of an unpleasant nature , and that the post of this day had conveyed to him the unwelcome intelligence , that corn in Ireland was still higher even than he anticipated it would be ; but he repeated , that government kept a watchful eye on what was passing in that country , and that they might perhaps soon feel it to be their duty to propose further measures to counteract the evil . disclaimed all intention of throwing any censure on the right hon . gentleman . His information had been derived , not from the Irish newspapers , but from respectable individuals , some of whom were