a scarcity.—Although I was disposed to give every degree of credit to the information then afforded to me ( particularly receiving it from a 276 quarter in which I was sure it would be reluctantly stated ) yet I felt , after the determination the House had come to that session , that it would be highly improper for government again to attempt to interfere . It will be recollected , likewise , that it was by no means a conceded point at that lime throughout the country that the harvest was so defective , and the measure proposed and successfully resisted was , I thought , all that could be reasonably expected . I trust , therefore , upon the charge of supineness , at least , we shall stand completely acquitted . The statement made yesterday , that the production of two bushels of corn an acre through out the country , would fully supply its necessities , might perhaps be true ; but I am at a loss to imagine how it is to be accomplished , unless the hon . gentleman can prove that the bringing in of an act of parliament would produce the miraculous effect of immediately causing two bushels more to grow on every acre of land ; and in thinking that it would not , I do not apprehend we are justly chargeable with supineness . I admit that some benefit might perhaps be done by the suggestions and operations of vigorous and enlightened minds ; but the act itself could certainly afford no remedy . As to what the hon . gentleman has advised on the subject of the act of parliament , the House will not expect that at this moment I should be able to give a decided opinion either one way or the other ; but I appeal to the experience of every gentleman , whether the advantage derived in 1801 from the Bill then passed , if any , was not very inconsiderable ? The impression upon my mind , and generally I believe throughout the kingdom , was , that more mischief than good resulted from the interference of the legislature on that occasion . Discussions in parliament , such as are now brought under our notice , attempting to lower the price of human food , defeat their own object . The act of the 41st of the King was hardly passed , before it was discovered that its execution was utterly impossible . I therefore trust , that if we have not now introduced a Bill , or appointed a committee to enquire into the subject , the House will rather attribute the neglect to a mistaken view with which we have been impressed , than ascribe it to inattention to our duty , or to supineness in promoting the welfare of the country . It has been truly said , that this is a question which can give rise to no party feelings ; every 277 man , whether his station be high or low , can have but one object , not only from motives of humanity and kindness , but from the most obvious motives of personal interest . The measure usually adopted in such occasions of stopping distillation from grain , was resorted to almost as soon as parliament was convened . The consideration of government has also been directed to the distillation of spirits in Ireland , in order to decide whether the period be not arrived , at which an attempt should be made to prohibit the use of grain , but they have been convinced of this , that unless there be in that island a strong and universal sense that the measure is absolutely necessary , it would be a vain attempt ; the economical regular stills would be prevented from working , and the wasteful mode by private and illicit distillation would be substituted . The consumption of the article would not be diminished , and thus the revenue would be injured without any advantage to counterbalance that injury . The diminution of the revenue , I admit , ought not for a moment to