, I would ask , have we , if we granted all they now ask , that they would stop here ? I would beg to say one or two words upon this subject , and refer your lordships to the conduct of the Catholics , at a former period . In the year 1792 the elective franchise was demanded upon very different conditions from those on which it was held by the Protestants . It was not at all demanded upon equal terms with them ; but in the year 1793 that privilege was conceded to them upon the same terms as the Protestants , in virtue of the reasons then assigned . How long did those concessions keep them contented ? I do not mean to cast any injurious reflections upon them ; but your lordships are aware that in the year 1795 they applied again to parliament for the purpose of removing all their religious disabilities . I have already slated that I completely acquit the Roman 637 Catholics of all those immoral tenets that have been laid to their charge ; and I believe most sincerely they have no foundation in fact ; but we can not forget that they consider that theirs is the only legitimate Church in the world ; we can not forget ( hat they are adverse to our ideas upon this subject , not by doctrine only , but they consider that their Church has an universal jurisdiction , not in one particular country , but in all countries ; and that this forms an essential and vital part of the Roman Catholic religion . Now , is it in the course of human nature to suppose , that were you to make these concessions of political power , they would rest satisfied , or that they would not look forward to the furtherance of their own religion , and the establishment of that religion in these countries ? What temptation , my noble friend asks , have they , more than any other man , to injure the present establishment ? When you come to the question , you will find what motives they would have ; you would find a very powerful interest created , prejudicial to the Protestant establishment . With regard to the present question , however , and I wish not to be misunderstood , my sincere opinion is , that the immediate effect of this measure would be merely to benefit a small proportion of your Roman Catholic subjects directly and immediately ; but at last it would begin to be considered by them , with respect to their Church establishment , whether they shall pay for the maintenance of two Churches or one ? Your lordships will see the consequence of that . The question would be then , whether they shall pay their own clergy instead of the Protestant clergy ? And , I would ask , is there a man in Ireland of any rank or description who is not directly and intimately interested in that question ? Therefore , out of this , arises as soon as this question is disposed of , a second question—namely , as to the policy of this proceeding . By this measure there is no doubt you will directly benefit a few ; but the instant you would pass such a measure as this , you would have all ranks and sects of the people laying claim to that privilege to which I have alluded . My lords ; in considering the interests of the parties who would be affected by this measure , you would not lose sight of the interests of those whose very circumstances from the nature of their situations , would , above all others , be most affected by the measure—the great body of the clergy of Ireland—who would feel a direct and immediate 638 interest in the question ; whereas the Roman Catholics have only an indirect interest in it . But my noble friend , I really think , was a little misled in this part of his argument , and departed not a little from his premises