. Surely , if parliament should confine its investigation to the mere quantity of priests necessary , without any reference to their quality , it will leave the best half of its duties unperformed . On the whole , then , being greatly dissatisfied at the present footing on which the Roman Catholic Church stands in Ireland , and being fully aware of its prodigious influence , I can never advert to the prayer of the Petition , without thinking the whole policy of the question to be involved in this consideration . I would wish distinctly to be understood , as not adverting to their religious tenets , considered as matters between man and his Creator ; —with them I have not the least concern : I look solely to their political situation ; a situation the most anomalous that can be conceived ; —possessed of great real power ; —bound together into one solid mass by a most ingenious system of machinery ; —actuated by one mind , and totally unconnected , indeed studiously dissevered from the state ; —much strength already in their hands , great objects tempting in their view ; —and holding in their hands the great mass of that body whom it is now proposed to introduce as an immediate acting power in the constitution . I am far from thinking that , individually , the Catholics who might be returned to sit in this House , would look to their clergy for any rule of political conduct : but I think I am justified , by all that is passing before our eyes , in saying , that it would be the fate of those gentlemen to follow , and not to lead the impulse of the great mass of the Catholics of Ireland . And of that mass I do distinctly believe , that the moving power would be their Church , if that Church chose to act ; and I can not suppose that with such means and such 921 temptations , it would abstain from acting , without supposing the individuals who compose it to be divested of all the common feelings of human nature . Sir ; —I am also far from believing , indeed I have good reason for utterly disbelieving , that many of the respectable persons who now stand forward as the leaders or at least as the organs of the Catholic body , approve of the violent course of conduct which they lately have pursued : but they feel and they know , that the whole of their own power and influence depend upon their consenting to lead in the direction which their followers point out ; and that if they dared to express their true feelings , from admired leaders , they would instantly become proscribed deserters , while the great mass would move forward as before . It has been urged with confidence that the example of moderation which the Catholics have evinced under such a length of trials , is a sufficient earnest of the temperate use which they would make of any powers that may be conceded to them : but here . Sir , considering the Catholics as a political body , and allowing them every merit as individuals , I must dissent not merely from this conclusion , but even from the premises from which it is drawn . For , from the long period of moderation to which we are referred , I feel obliged by all views of sound reasoning to exclude from consideration , that time during which they had no power to exercise , that is , from the Revolution , till the relaxation of the penal laws . During all that time the political action of the Catholic was physically impossible . God forbid that I should be understood as saying any thing in the defence of that system . I trust I have already said enough to obtain credit from the House , for sincerely reprobating its whole policy . But the very reason for which I condemn it , namely , that the Catholics of necessity lay bound and prostrate under its