the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) ; and I find , I was not mistaken . But with that impression , I confess I have been at some loss to understand many of the arguments that have been recently advanced in opposition to the motion : and I was therefore desirous to refresh the recollection of the House , as well as my own , before I should venture to animadvert upon those arguments , as I shall have occasion to do in stating the grounds of my vote this night . ( amidst the general cry of Question , question . ) —Sir , I rise only for one moment , to ask a question of the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , whether at the time he made his communication to the Catholics of Ireland , be was himself lord chancellor of Ireland , and the duke of Bedford lord lieutenant . I was at the time lord chancellor of Ireland , and the noble duke lord lieutenant . . Then , Sir , I can only say , that under those circumstances , such a communication was , in my opinion , to say the best of it , a piece of high indiscretion . But , however , convinced as I am of the necessity of going into the proposed enquiry without delay , I shall give my vote for the motion . waved his right of replying , observing , that the right hon . gentleman who had lately sat down , ( Mr. Canning ) had so ably , and so eloquently and swered every argument against the motion , that he should hurt the cause , was he to add another word to his eloquent oration . adverting to the object of the Petition , observed , that the right hon . gentleman who was the Vice President of the Board of Trade , ( Mr. Rose , ) had in a conference with a deputation of manufacturers upon the subject stated , that England and France were like two persons with their heads in two pails of water , and the trial must be which could stand drowning the longer . The Declaration issued by ministers made the continuance of this system depend upon the pleasure of Buonaparté , and if he thought he saw the English merchant was more in danger of drowning than the 1042 French merchant , was it to be supposed that he would not still continue the system ? observed , that the right hon . Vice President of the Board of Trade had publicly contradicted the use of the expression which had been attributed to him , and which had been mentioned by the noble lord . contended , that the public contradiction of the right hon . gentleman , amounted only to this , that he had been hardly dealt with , with respect to the expression attributed to him , but not to a denial of the expression itself . adverted to the motion he formerly made relative to Informations Ex Officio , and stated his object now to be , to present a Bill or Bills to the House relative to this extraordinary and anomalous mode of proceeding . He was not , however , fully prepared , and he therefore merely now mentioned the subject , that he might not be thought to be acting unfairly if he introduced his intended measure at a very short notice . rose , pursuant to notice , to move the Thanks of the House to the Earl of Wellington , and those divisions of the army which were concerned in the capture of Badajoz . In calling their lordships ' attention to this gallant exploit , it was hardly necessary for him to observe , that the operation combined in itself the two circumstances which had always been considered as constituting the best title to the honour of their lordships ' thanks , —first , the importance of the object , and next the magnitude of the effort , and the obstinacy of the resistance encountered . If