either . And yet the Protestant corporation of London have voted an address to the Prince Regent , not only in favour of the Catholic Claims , but praying for the removal of that right honourable gentleman and his colleagues from office , principally on account of their resistance to 1001 those claims . I ask from what Protestant corporation or community in Great Britain ( except those which I have already mentioned ) has there been a single address or petition against the Catholics , although petitions have poured in from every quarter , and now load the table of the House against some of the favourite measures of the right honourable gentleman ; and although the approach of this discussion was ( to use words which have frequently been quoted ) `` as notorious as the sun at noon day . '' But , it is said `` the corporation of Dublin has petitioned against the Catholic Claims . '' I have in my hand an account which I am assured is correct , of the proceedings of that corporation on the very day when the Petition was signed . It was the day appointed for the election of sheriffs for the coming year ; and I find that among the loyal and orderly Protestant corporation , a test was proposed , by a Mr. Giffard , to be put to the candidates for the shrievalty . This test was , whether they would support the Protestant establishment by firmly resisting the admission of Catholics to the freedom of the corporation of Dublin , even though the legislature should relax the severity of the existing laws . I find a Mr. Warner , one of the candidates for the office of sheriff , weak enough to accept this test , and to promise to resist the admission of Catholics into the corporation , even to refuse swearing them in , contrary to the provisions of any law which may hereafter be enacted , Mr. Warner is returned . The circumstance is passed over by the worshipful board of aldermen . It occurs within the cognizance of his Majesty 's government , close to the residence of the viceroy ; yet , neither the right hon . Secretary for Ireland , nor the King 's Attorney General , nor the Chief Justice of the court of King 's bench , feel it necessary to take any notice of such a proceeding in that Protestant corporation , always boasting of its loyalty and its attachment to the laws . Nor is the declaration of a predetermination to resist the law deemed any disqualification of a man for the office of sheriff , whose duty it is , ( upon oath ) to support the law , and among whose functions be it observed is the very important one of selecting the jurors who are to sit in judgment upon the lives and properties of his Catholic fellow citizens . But , Sir , had a similar proceeding occurred in a Catholic assembly , the case would have been quite altered . We 1002 should then have had the alarm sounded from every quarter . What is the next step taken by this loyal and liberal Protestant corporation ? A gallant officer , and an Irishman , —a major O'Donoghoe , who had been fighting the battles of his country on the peninsula , and who had particularly distinguished himself in the defence of Tarifa , where colonel Skerret commanded , under whom the gallant major was second in command , returns to his country covered with honourable wounds . An achievement of such inportance in the estimation of ministers , and the country at the time , that the loss of Valencia sunk in oblivion before it . In this assembly it was proposed to compliment their brave countryman with a vote of thanks and the freedom of the corporation , accompanied with the present of a sword . But just as the vote is about to pass with acclamation , a question is put by Mr. Giffard , `` whether major O'Donoghoe was a Protestant ? '' Not whether