with the amount of duty paid thereon . '' said , that he had no objection to grant the information required by the hon . gentleman . In the general view which the hon . gentleman had taken of the subject , he perfectly agreed . He understood the hon . gentleman to state , that he did not think that there was any ground for apprehending that there was a scarcity of grain in Ireland . He had taken every means in his power to obtain the most accurate information upon this subject , and he was convinced there was no danger of scarcity . It was true that the prices of grain were very different in different parts of Ireland , but that Variety of price did not arise from any deficiency of grain . Very unpleasant circumstances bad occurred in different parts of Ireland , where 33 the people had endeavoured to prevent grain from being sent to the Dublin market , under a mistaken notion that it would cause a scarcity ; but when a free intercourse was opened between the different parts of the kingdom , the result was , that the markets were all supplied , and the prices lowered . He was therefore warranted in saying , that even in the districts alluded to by the hon . gentleman , there was no reason to apprehend a scarcity . He agreed with the hon . gentleman , that if there was any ground to apprehend a scarcity , it would become the duty of the Irish government to stop the distilleries ; but he knew , from information upon which he could place the most perfect reliance , that all the distillers in Dublin , Cork , and Limerick , were now amply supplied with grain to carry on their business to the fullest extent for ten weeks to come . The regular time at which distillers ceased to work was the 1st of June ; last year they ceased on that day , and he had no doubt that he could prevail upon them to cease at the same period this year . As they had therefore already a sufficient supply of grain to carry them on till within a few days of the time at which they would naturally cease working , there was no reason to apprehend that they would come into the market , and by their purchases increase the price of the article . It should also be observed , that the grain in the possession of the distillers was in such a state , being either malted or kiln dried , or in some such state of process , that it could not be made use of for the purpose of food , even if the distilleries were slopped . He hoped , therefore , that the hon . gentleman would see , that the measure which he had suggested could not tend in any degree to afford any relief to the people of Ireland . The price of grain had certainly risen in Ireland , but that was not owing to the distilleries , but to the free intercourse in grain , which subsisted between Great Britain and Ireland , and the price in the former country being so much greater than it was in the latter , a very great export naturally took place from Ireland . He most highly approved of the free intercourse in grain between the two countries . No man at all acquainted with the state of Ireland , could shut his eyes to the astonishing improvements which had taken place in the agriculture of that country , in consequence of the act proposed by the right hon . baronet opposite to him ( sir John Newport ) for fa- 34 cilitating that intercourse . But when he stated that the price of wheat was 16s . a barrel more in London than it was in Dublin , it was impossible to suppose that a great export to this country should not take place . Whether , if any serious scarcity were to take place in Ireland , it might not