it is stated that this is not a question of toleration , —but whether political power should or should not be given to certain individuals , I would ask , can it be contended that the disqualification of men from holding places of trust is not a penalty ? Can this be contended , while we have so many acts of parliament which punish different offences with incapacity to hold offices . It is not true , however , that the disabilities to which 937 the Catholics are subjected can be justified on the ground of any-expediency of withholding from them political power . Some situations from which they are excluded possess to them no political power what-ever . Catholics in Ireland , for example , who are of the same profession with myself , are not permitted to hold the office of King 's counsel ; long as I have held that situation , I have yet to learn what is the political power that belongs to it . They have the privilege indeed of pre-audience in courts of justice—the privilege of leading in a cause , and addressing a jury , instead of being restrained to opening the pleadings , and examining witnesses ; but power of any kind over any living being they have none ; and this important privilege of pre-audience it seems in Ireland can not be safely allowed to those whose religious opinions happen not to be the same as those of the makers of the laws . Can it however be truly said , that being disqualified from rising to the highest situations , to those situations to which political power does belong , is no injustice done to them ? What , is it no hardship to the Catholics of Ireland to be told , you may enter indeed into professions which are highly honourable to others , but by you they must be followed merely as the means of gaining a subsistence for yourselves and your families . As to all the proud objects of honourable ambition ; as to every thing which can ennoble your labours in your own eyes and in the eyes of ethers ; as to the hope of ever rendering yourselves eminently useful to mankind , or gloriously distinguishing yourselves by services rendered your country ; as to the prospect of establishing a reputation which shall live in the memory of a grateful posterity ; of becoming an example which shall be held up to others , and serve to kindle the virtues of a future generation , and of leaving a name , which when your children hear it pronounced they may glow with an honest pride and a pious exultation , as to ail these animating hopes and prospects , they must by you be for ever relinquished . You may toil on in the humble situation where gain must be your only object : you may see honours and distinctions distributed to those around you : but you must be for ever precluded from them . That profession which to your colleagues leads to the most eminent station , shall be to you an unhonoured though profitable trade . Can it be possible that these distinctions should not operate in some de- 938 gree to humiliate and degrade a man in his own eyes , and in the eyes of those around him . What was the profession of the law in France previous to the Revolution , compared to the same profession in our country ? Why , it was comparatively a degraded profession , and for this very reason , because it was one in which emolument only was to be gained , and no eminent honours to be acquired in it . I would appeal to the right hon . gentleman opposite , and I see many gentlemen opposite who were once in the same profession , but now in possession of some of the highest offices of the state , —I would appeal to them—and I would appeal to you , Sir , for I remember you were once in that profession , —and , I would ask any