provisions of such a measure in detail in the present stage of the question.—He regarded it as a partial fulfilment of some of the many pledges which that House had given to the country , and considering that it had now to decide whether it would do any thing or nothing , he should certainly vote in support of the motion . professed , that he looked at the opposition given to this measure as not a little insidious . That House had been long engaged in exciting expectations and feeding hopes in the people , which , whether they were for ever to be disappointed , the vote of that night would probably determine . They had been told , that they ought to consider this measure with reference to past , not to present times , and to try it by principles abstracted from any immediate considerations . Was it then possible for them to shut their eyes to all that was passing in the country ; to those grievous burdens under which almost all classes were now suffering ? Was it possible that the peasant , who could scarcely procure the loaf that was to sustain the lives of his children , should not feel impatience at finding himself compelled to contribute to the gratification of the luxurious appetites of those , whose only recommendation was , that they were the favourites or the creatures of a minister ? The time was now come when something must be done . They had indeed that night been told , that they could not with propriety enter upon this subject without an instruction from the crown . Good God that it should be stated even in that House itself , that they had no right to enquire into , or to provide for the redress of public grievances , except in the case of a message from the throne : such a proposition carried with it its own refutation in the mind of every man . Much had been said of the necessity of furnishing reward to service , but was no other motive expected to operate , at least with 1169 members of parliament , in stimulating them to their duty , than to the certainty and the amount of the pecuniary compensation they might have to receive ? The hon . mover had doubtless laboured a long time with a commendable perseverance , but he must say that he had yet done nothing . He had himself some objections to the mode pursued by the present Bill , and should have greatly preferred seeing every separate office put to the vote , and a Bill subsequently prepared conformably to that decision . But at least it was incumbent on those who talked of the necessity of remuneration , to shew the reality of the service . So far from believing them to be always concomitant , he was convinced it would be difficult to point out ten in the whole list that partook of this character . The public money was too often given , rather as a consideration for accepting office , than for the labours or the services performed in it . Pensions were allowed on all occasions , however , to those who had filled office , let the period be ever so short ; the mere fact of having been in office , being held an indisputable title to a sinecure or a pension for life . Looking at the present situation of the country , he knew not what consequence might ensue , if parliament did not exhibit to the people some proofs , that they had the interests of the country rather than their own at heart . He implored the House therefore , to attend carefully to the real circumstances of the times , and to evince a disposition to protect , and act a guardian part to the people , by adopting at once a vigorous system of retrenchment and œconomy . opposed the Bill ; every provision of which he contended would be inefficacious . objected so much to the Bill in its general principle , and in