of the noble earl , that orders had been given not 28 to enlist Irishmen . Surely he must have known , that the people of that country formed the great strength and stamina of the British army , and to imagine that an-order , such as the noble earl had spoken of , could ever have been issued from head-quarters , was really ridiculous . With respect to those which were termed favourite regiments , every person must know , that their commander could not be prevented from refusing some individuals , and receiving others ; and they certainly had a right to look minutely into the characters of those whom they enlisted . As to what the noble earl had said on the subject of education , it appeared to him to apply rather to diocesan than to military schools . But , it was his firm belief , that if any improvement in those schools were suggested , it would be carried into effect . The noble earl had expressed his regret , that the system of a much-lamented friend of his had not been followed up . ' He certainly thought with his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh , ) that that system was most prejudicial to the recruiting service ; and , in answer to what the noble earl had asserted , he would observe , that , under the present system , the army was more numerous , and better disciplined , than it ever had been . As to the drafting from the militia , from which the noble earl foretold such evils , he believed , and he was borne out by many experienced officers , that it would have a directly contrary tendency . Although , in the last year , many bloody battles and sieges had taken place , which necessarily induced a great loss of troops , yet , on looking to the returns , the British army would be found stronger now by 10,000 men , than it was at the commencement of the year , notwithstanding all those losses . He , therefore , had a right to infer , that , by adhering to the system which had produced such results , it would answer the most sanguine hopes of the country.—On the subject of corporal punishment he coincided with the noble earl , who seemed to think , that however much it was to be deplored , it could not be done away altogether . In the last session , a new clause had been introduced in the Mutiny Bill , leaving it optional with courts-martial to inflict imprisonment or the usual punishment ; but , an adequate provision had not been made to carry that intention into effect , as no authority was given to confine offenders in the county gaols , which rendered it very difficult , in many situations , to exercise that discre- 29 tionary power . There was also a defect in the Bill of last session , as no power was given to deduct part of the offender 's pay , while suffering imprisonment ; without which power , he was convinced , imprisonment would do more harm than good . The Bill on the table , however , had been altered , to meet both those cases . The delinquent was now liable to imprisonment in the county gaol , and only a certain sum was allowed for his subsistence.—Much had been said on the subject of enlisting foreigners . Parliament had decided , that , in the present state of affairs , part of the force of the country should be composed of persons of that description ; and , when they contemplated the exertions which had been made by the enemy with the natives of foreign states ; when they considered that France could not have done what she had done , without foreigners—the House would not deny , that we also had a right to repel her ambition , by making use of similar assistance . The noble earl , though he made the assertion , had not adduced a single instance of a foreign