unfavourable state of the exchange , combined with a paper currency , enabled the country to carry on a profitable trade in the export of gold , until , from the demand here the price rose so high that the export ceased to produce a profit , and then the gold naturally returned . His lordship then entered into a history of the recoinages in 1695 and 1774 , and of the acts of parliament and proclamations respecting the coin , for the purpose of shewing the effects then produced upon the circulation of the country and the state of the exchange , chiefly in answer to the arguments used by the earl of Lauderdale , in a book published by his lord-ship , and with the view of controverting the statements of the latter noble lord . Calculating the Gold Coin of the country at 39,000,000l . and subtracting from it 9,000,000l . exported in 1798 , there did not now remain in circulation , his lordship observed , out of the 30,000,000l . more than about 12 or 13,000,000l . The deficit , therefore , was to be made up by a paper circulation , and he contended , that under all the circumstances of the increased trade of the country , there were no more Bank notes issued than were necessary for the circulation of the country . If , therefore , there was no excess in the issue of Bank notes , and he maintained that there was , it rested with those who supported the argument of depreciation , to prove that there was an excess . observed , that the noble earl had entered into a variety of minute statements , but had carefully kept out of sight the real object of the Bill , which was to-make Bank notes a legal tender . By the measure of last session , Bank notes were made a legal tender out of court , and now 1083 they came to be made a legal tender in court . Thus , whatever title they might choose to give the Bill , it was neither more nor less than to make Bank notes a legal tender . His lordship then adverted to some of the arguments used by earl Bathurst , and observed , that it was fallacious to state that an increased issue of Bank notes was in consequence of an increased trade and revenue ; the revenue was in 1810 , 65,000,000l . and the issue of Bank notes 22,500,000l . whilst in 1811 , the revenue decreased to 62,600,000l . and the issue of Bank-notes increased to 23,400,000l . The depreciation of the paper currency was in fact acknowledged by ministers themselves in their conduct , though not in words . What was the reason for passing the Bill which had been that day read a third time , for increasing the annuity of the Princesses from 30,000l . to 36,000l . but because 36,000l . now was only equal to 30,000l . ten years ago ? The same argument applied to Bills which were continually coming before them for increasing allowances of different descriptions . Was it not , therefore , manifestly unjust to pass such a Bill as the present , to compel persons to receive payments at a depreciated rate ? His lordship alluded to the action he had brought against a Bank Director for 50l . for rent , for the purpose of trying the question , and read a notice which had been served by his agent upon the officer of the court , cautioning him against taking Bank-notes in any payment into court , that being the question at issue , whether he ( lord King ) was to be compelled to receive Bank-notes , or could insist upon good and lawful money . The officer of the court did , however , notwithstanding this notice , receive the payment in Bank-notes ; and his lordship contended that this was a power of dispensing with the law , which no officer of a court had a right to assume . His lordship maintained that this Bill would be characterized