acted with him must be guided by similar views . If then the welfare of the nation depended upon concession to the Catholics , ( which few were bold enough deliberately to deny , ) was not this a sufficient motive for acceding to the address proposed ? With regard to the Letter of the Prince Regent , it was impossible in discussing this subject , not to advert to it . He wished to be as perfectly respectful in his language as he was in his feelings , but if that letter meant anything , it meant this— interrupted the noble lord by rising to speak to order . He wished , he said , to prevent the noble earl from making further progress on a 58 subject which he thought was generally admitted to be irregular . The letter alluded to was not a document before the House . If it were an act of state , it was not regularly brought before the House so as to entitle any peer to comment upon it . It merely bore upon the face of it the character of a private communication , of which no notice could be taken . If it were necessary to the motion of the noble lord , it ought to have been moved for in the customary mode . said , that he wished the noble earl had condescended to state how such an allusion was disorderly , or what order of the House it violated . It was very easy for any noble lord to get up and say , `` this is not in order , or that is not in order , '' but he thought it was necessary for them to do something more , and shew what order of the House was violated That it was disorderly to introduce the name of the sovereign in a manner to influence the decision of the House , was a thing which every body knew ; but how it was disorderly to allude to any paper , merely because it was not a document already before the House , was a point which he wished the noble earl to explain . If he meant to say , that any of the standing Orders of the House was violated by so doing , he wished that he would have that Order read which he said was violated . As to the noble earl 's supposition , that it was disorderly for a noble lord in his speech to allude to any matter of general notoriety , or to any paper that was not absolutely made a document by having been regularly laid upon the table of the House , he believed that such an idea was perfectly novel . If this were to be the case , a noble lord would not be allowed in future even to make a quotation from the classic authors . If he were to attempt it , he would be immediately called to order by some of his Majesty 's ministers , who would exclaim , '' What do we know of the classics , were they ever laid upon the table of the House ? '' No more quotations must ever be made from Virgil , or from Horace ; or the noble peer who ventured such quotation would be told , that Virgil and Horace were no regular documents , —that they were not state papers , and that it was unparliamentary to quote from them . He wished that the noble earl would point out what order of the House had been violated in the allusion of which he complained . maintanied , that the ob- 59 jection of his noble friend , was to the introduction of the name of the person exercising the sovereign authority . The other side of the House assumed a great deal too much when they asserted , that the letter published had been signed by the Regent , since there was no proof of the fact ; at present it appeared only to be a private letter , which had been published in the newspapers . If