support and clothe himself and family and pay his house rent , he was at a loss to conceive . In other parts they were rather higher , but they were obtained only by working over hours and beyond the usual habits . He then referred to some letters from different parts of the country , confirming these statements . A magistrate of one district , whose letter he held in his band , declared it was impossible in his neighbourhood , that a weaver , with a wife , and two or three children , even though they were in good health , could earn a subsistence , not so much from a depression of wages , which were rather higher than at the same time last year , but from the great increase in the price of provisions . Another letter from Liverpool , stated that the number of vessels in the docks was only 62 , the number of carts employed 66 , while 127 were idle , the number of ships in the graving docks 11 , though they were capable of holding 27 , and in the year 1810 were quite full , besides many waiting to go in , and many on the banks—not one-third of the sail makers were employed , and but 24 block makers , with a variety of other particulars , all showing the depression of commerce . The Petitions before the House , and the statements made by several gentlemen in the House , proved that the distress was not merely confined to the commercial and manufacturing towns , but extended to Leicester , Nottingham , Stafford , Birmingham , Kidderminster , Liverpool , & c. & c. and almost through the whole extent of that line of country . Under those circumstances , his lordship thought that there was but one course which presented it-self , namely , a committee to consider the Petitions which had been laid on the table . That appeared to be the only means to have a full , fair , and open view of the subject , and to obtain explicit information upon it . If the House should think it right to recommend to the government and to the Prince Regent , the repeal of the Orders in Council , which had been productive of so much distress , he would feel proud of having been , in any way , the 1097 humble instrument of bringing about so desirable an event . But if the House should decide otherwise , he would have the consolation of reflecting , that he had endeavoured to discharge his duly to his constituents and to the country . He might in that case regret the decision ; but he should submit to it , and he hoped that others out of the House would submit also , and that there would be no repetition of those disturbances which had disgraced many parts of the country . But at the same time he could not help saying , that it was almost too much to expect a starving population , deprived of the possibility of getting employment , to submit , without a murmur , to an accumulation of distress . It were much to be wished , that the people should always proceed by the proper and constitutional mode of Petition ; but he was not surprised at enormities committed by those who seemed to be influenced by no idea but that of their sufferings ; and as he believed they acted entirely from the impulse of the moment , in consequence of the distress they laboured under , he thought that there was much to be overlooked in the misguided conduct of those persons . He would not take up the time of the House any further , but would proceed to move , `` That the several Petitions which have been presented to this House , in this session of parliament against the Orders in Council , be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House . '' expressed his satisfaction that the time was come when the subject