places , but they had been studiously resisted , as interfering with the main principle of the measure . expressed his surprize at the objection which had been urged by the hon . baronet . The more especially when he considered that there had been but one single petition presented against the Bill , and that from the Merchant Taylors ' Company ; which , while it approved of the principle of the Bill , objected to provisions therein which did not in reality exist . The regulations proposed were extremely simple , and such as no honest man could fairly dissent from . stated , that he had received a letter from the Merchant Taylors ' Company , calling upon him to oppose the Bill , as unwise and unnecessary ; but on examining its merits , so far was he from concurring in the opinion that it was unwise or unnecessary , that he conceived it of great importance , and likely to be productive of the utmost benefit to the public , as it would prevent those abuses in the disposition of charitable donations which had so long existed with impunity . He should give it all the support in his power . conceived the Bill wholly unnecessary , and only calculated to put money in the pockets of the persons with whom the registries were to be made . supported the Bill . wished that royal hospitals should be exempted . said , the objection to the Bill did not arise with the corporation of London , but with the twelve companies . wished to ascertain whether it was intended to adhere to the accustomed rule of not permitting witnesses to be in hearing during the examination of others . It was right that this point should be settled at their outset . Upon this a conversation of some length arose , in which Mr. Brougham , the Speaker , Mr. Tierney , Mr. Ryder , and other members participated , and it was at last understood , that witnesses in hearing during the examination of preceding witnesses , should be liable to be objected to on that account . not having been in the House last night , rose to ask a few questions . He wished to know if the right hon . gentleman opposite meant to go into a committee merely to ascertain the distresses of the country , and not to endeavour to discover a mode of relieving them ? If so , it was to add insult and illusion to the misery of the petitioners . He asked if , consistent with the Declaration published within these few days by the government , it was possible for them to yield the relief of a repeal of the Orders in Council ? They could not ; and therefore he thought the Committee nugatory , and the hope of these unfortunate persons forlorn . He required explanation on several other points in the discussion of last night . said , that what he had stated last night was , that it did not follow that America would , of course , be satisfied with the repeal of the Orders in Council . explained a misrepresentation of his speech last night . He did not say that it would be necessary to have Vattel , and Puffendorf , and Grotius on the table of the committee , but that if every matter connected with the enquiry was gone into , as held out by gentlemen on the other side , that might be the natural consequence . With regard to the Petitions against the Orders in Council , he had said , that if it had been thought ministers were inclined to alter their system of policy , there would have been a number of counter Petitions . He had also maintained the doctrine , that a country might cease a retaliating measure , if it found itself hurt by it . , alluding to an expression of sir T. Turton , that the committee would be illusory and insulting , animadverted , in pointed terms , on the use of such language .