the statement of the hon . baronet , who had told there , that , at the present moment , the want of employment was not severely felt . The hon . gentleman had recommended that the subject should be referred to a select committee , but the House should recollect that this was a case involving a great political question , which it was not the practice of parliament to delegate to any circumscribed committee , but to determine in a committee of the whole House . A detailed examination of evidence did not appear to him to suit a subject of that kind . He knew what an effect the shutting of the American market must have ; but would the hon . gentleman state whether they would repeal the Orders in Council , and what they would expect from such a step ? There was one time when gentlemen thought that the Berlin and Milan Decrees were done away , but that time was past . No man who knew any thing of the subject would say so now . It was notified by France herself that they should continue to operate , that they should be considered as the fundamental law of the continent , until we abandoned our system of blockade ; and until Great 436 Britain conceded the doctrine that free bottoms made free goods . There was no man in that House who lamented the distresses that were felt in the country more than he did , but would any man say he was prepared to give up our maritime rights , by which Great Britain had risen to power and consequence ? When this declaration on the part of France , with respect to the continuance of his Decrees , was known in America , he was not without a hope that America would not charge upon this country an unnecessary strictness in the measures to which she had resorted . But whatever the effect in America might be , this country ought to know that those Decrees were in full force now , and were to continue so until Great Britain should yield-up those privileges upon which her prosperity was so strongly founded . The hon . gentleman had asked , him on the subject of the exchequer bills granted as a loan to commercial men , whether he knew that the next instalment due to-morrow would not be paid ? He would answer , that he anticipated no such circumstance ; so far was he from thinking so , that he was firmly persuaded , the instalment would be faithfully discharged . He had no doubt , indeed , that it would be an accommodation to the gentlemen concerned , to be allowed a further time for the payment , but this , consistently with the public interests , he could not allow . If the Orders in Council were repealed before the Berlin and Milan Decrees , the consequence would be , that France would have her neutral trade open with America , while we were denied the trade of the continent of Europe . Unless the House was prepared to say that this would be judicious , the present did not seem to him to be a period in which it was possible to do away the Orders in Council . expressed his surprise at the speeches of the Vice President of the Board of Trade , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , at a moment when Petitions signed by so many thousands and tens of thousands were presented to the House . They had treated it as a new question . He remembered , when , two months ago , he had given the right hon . gentleman an opportunity of detailing his sentiments upon this subject , that he was referred to the returns of Mr. Irvine from the Custom-house docks , and told , upon their authority , that there was little or no misery . He hoped the House would not refuse to the people the poor 437 satisfaction of reasoning with them under their sufferings , and enquiring into the causes by