are not what is there read , but that the lectures are delivered from manuscript courses , and a reason is assigned in `` the paucity of books . '' Now I must observe , that in the old colleges of France , not merely in the Irish seminaries , but in those destined for the education of their own clergy , the mode of instruction was entirely from written courses , read by the lecturers , and taken down by the pupils ; and as it is a fact that some of the principal professors at Maynooth were not only educated , but born in 919 France , it does seem that it is at least possible , that a natural adherence to the mode they were themselves accustomed to , maybe the cause of their adhering to the same method in Ireland , as much as the scarcity of Mr. Locke 's Works . But be the cause what it may , it is obvious that unless we have these written courses , we have nothing . I have already observed that most of the professors owe their education , and some their birth , to France . Surely they could have no objection to allow the system formerly adopted by the government of France for the purpose of securing the independence and immunities of the Gallican Church , to be the precedent for the intercourse between themselves and the government by which they are supported . The old government of France was as jealous as any Protestants , of the peculiar Roman doctrines relating to the authority of the Pope , and to some other matters ; these doctrines were designated by the peculiar name of the Transalpine doctrines ; and to keep them on the other side of the Alp '' , was the peculiar care of France ; —or rather , I should say , to exclude them from the colleges destined for the instruction of their own clergy ; for , to enter the seminaries appropriated for the education of the Irish , they were allowed to pass the Alps , I suspect , as freely as they pleased . To keep these doctrines from the French colleges , a peculiar officer was appointed , whose business it was to superintend the written courses to which I have referred , and who was responsible for the due execution of his censorship . In this free country , perhaps the mere publicity of the courses would answer every purpose . Why should we not have them on the table of the House , and print them for our information ? I have said there is a great ignorance in Ireland as to the actual studies of May-nooth , —I will add now , there is also a great curiosity upon the subject ; and the circumstance of this desire being left ungratified , allows the enemies of the institution , amongst whom I really believe there are more Catholics than Protestants , to indulge their conjectures upon the subject . I beg to be distinctly understood as not pretending to cast any blame upon the actual nature of their literary pursuits ; I acknowledge entire ignorance , in common I believe with every Protestant , on that subject . It is of this I complain . By some I have heard the studies represented , if not as very enlightened , at least as very 920 harmless : but others I have heard with equal confidence assert , that the course consists not of the logic of Mr. Locke , but of that logic which his writings overturned , curiously compounded with the theology of the Jesuits , and both administered under the discipline of Sparta ; with the object that the pupils shall laboriously be taught to be ignorant , and that a safe and final asylum shall be provided in Maynooth for those doctrines , to which Buonaparté and the ninteenth century allow no other refuge in the world . When the question of increased grants shall next come under the consideration of the House , this subject may perhaps be profitably considered