of the present ones , and was obliged to make a new agreement with the lessor , paying an annual addition of 950l . for the convenience of remaining in them two or three years longer , while others were built . The system of having the men diffused over the metropolis , away from their horses and accoutrements , he thought a very reprehensible one . What might have been the consequences , had such a system been in practice during the late disturbances ? Might not the men have been intercepted by the mob , from reaching their stables , and the peace of the capital have been most seriously endangered ? The hon . gentleman imagined , that it would be a work of bad taste , but he could assure him , that he was not conscious of any unnecessary ex-pence . With respect to the barracks at Bristol , it would be hard to ascertain what sort of building it should be which was to last during the war , if that was a principle of limitation which the House would be inclined to adopt . If a barrack was to be built there , considering the extent and population of the town , considering also the accommodation it would afford to the military passing to and from Ireland , he 305 thought it should not be built upon any I parsimonious scale . The money that was thrown away under this denomination of ; expenditure , was chiefly applied to the purchase of temporary barracks , which were now in want of repair . As to Liver-pool , it was considered to be a great inconvenience that there should be no barrack there ; and with regard to the expedient of hiring the warehouses for that purpose , he hardly thought that government would be justified in taking advantage , as it were , of the temporary suspension of trade in that place . said , that the right hon . gentleman appeared to him to have adopted erroneous views upon the subject , when he thought it of such little consequence to separate the soldiers from the people , as to be surprised at any objection to a grant for that purpose The right hon . gentleman had not argued that general question ; the time was gone by ; but he would declare it as his sentiment , that he was extremely jealous , and he was sure the country at large was jealous of the separating system . It had been said , that great advantage was likely to be derived from the labours of the Commissioners appointed to audit General Delancey 's accounts . Perhaps at the end of four or five years , if the country should exist so long under such financiers , that advantage would greatly increase with the practices that rendered it necessary . But whence did the advantage arise ? What was the necessity under which this boasted saving was made ? The want of care in the controuling power . The negligence and mismanagement of those who , by proper application , ought to have prevented the occurrence of evils instead of leaving us to be obliged to the commissioners for the ascertainment of their extent . It was expected that if the commissioners proceeded , many other defalcations would appear . To him this was not consoling . An hon . gentleman had stated once , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was the victim of the departments , and the public were given to understand that the hon . gentleman had left the Treasury through disgust at the want of a sufficient controul . But did the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer think , that he wanted military controul over the people of this country ? Even at the end of the war , which the right hon . gentleman seemed to think would last long , and which he was sure would last as long as the career 306 of the right hon . gentleman , would it be necessary for us to look forward to the prospect