there was not the slightest danger of an excessive circulation to 207 ruin the country.— '' But , '' said an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Smith ) , `` after this measure is passed , and thirty years hence , when you may not have such provident and honourable directors of the Bank as at present , the evil will increase . '' Why could not parliament , as they had done , continue to superintend the issues of the Bank ? During the last year , they knew the fact to be , that , so far from an increase , a diminution in the circulation had taken place , and they had no reason whatever to fear any danger from the sudden inundation of the country with bank paper during the recess . There was no danger of directors , heretofore so prudent , running all at once into a directly opposite line ; there was no hazard of an indefinite issue to ruin the country in the manner described in the histories referred to . The whole of the issues here amounted to about one-third of the annual revenue of the country paid into the Exchequer.—Had they an instance like this in any history of any other nation , where , if he might use the expression , the paper currency was thrice , in the course of one year , disgorged to the government ? But all this train of argument appeared to be mere idle declamation , and nothing could possibly be more absurd than to make these comparisons between things utterly dissimilar . He trusted the House and the country would therefore agree with him , that something of the kind now proposed was absolutely necessary for the protection of the subject . In framing the measure , they would , of course , direct their attention as much as possible to the prevention of evils arising from forgeries , and to save the people from being liable to receive them in payments . It appeared , from the account laid on the table , that this evil had not grown to an enormous magnitude , in comparison with the vast sum of 23 millions in circulation . The forgeries amounted , during the last eleven years , to about 9 or 10,000l . a year , including a number of foreign notes rejected at the Bank ; and this was perhaps not more than a circulation to a similar extent in gold and silver would suffer . From the vast foreign expenditure in which the nation was engaged , they were , no doubt , in difficulty , which it was the object of this measure to meet in what appeared to be the most advisable way.—But if they took the advice of gentlemen on the opposite side of the House , and called on the Bank to resume its payments in specie , then indeed , it 208 might justly be said , that they were throwing widely and directly open the door to national ruin and bankruptcy . It was their duty to make the best selection they could for the country , and not reject a measure merely because theoretical objections could be urged against its perfect expediency , while it was allowed , on all hands , that some step was necessary , and no other , at all feasible , was suggested . said , he had no intention of going at large into the question now , but as he had been absent during the discussions it underwent last session , and had no opportunity of delivering his sentiments at that period , he was anxious in a few words to express his firm conviction , that so far from this measure being calculated to promote the permanent interests of the country , it was calculated to bring the country to ruin . The right hon . gentleman opposite , had said that the predictions made on former occasions , when this sys tern began , '' and at various points of its course , of the progress to rain in which it would involve the