there is no danger to the constitution in Church and State in making that alteration . Now , Sir , I must say , for one , that having attended to all the arguments used on this subject , and having anxiously considered it myself , I am very far from being satisfied , that our system of government ought to undergo this chimerical change : and I think the honourable gentlemen , before they can induce this House to alter the fundamental laws of the land , must also bring forward much stronger arguments , and much more conclusive reasoning , before they can be entitled to call upon those who have doubts upon the subject , to admit the Catholics to what they claim . Having stated thus much , I have now to observe , that that which I always considered as another fundamental law in the act which makes the Protestant Church of Ireland , and that of Scotland , integral parts of the constitution of Great Britain ; but by acceding to the demands now made by the Catholics , this would be annulled along with the other bulwarks of the state . There are a great many topics which have been at different times more or less adverted to , but which I wish to dismiss from my view in my consideration of the subject . I shall content myself with adverting to some of the most prominent that hare been brought forward on the other 880 side . I confess that I can not agree with the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , and others who preceded him , in their arguments upon the two questions of right and toleration . And first of all , I deny that this is a question of right : and I also maintain that it is no question of toleration . In the first place it is no question of right ; because no subject of a state can be said to have any right that is inconsistent with the safely of that state ; and I deny that it is a question of toleration , because I hope in God that in the true sense of that word , there is no such thing known in this country as intolerance ; and I do solemnly declare , that if it can be shewn that there is any thing in the law with regard to the Roman Catholics in Ireland that prevents them from the decent and proper exercise of their religion , I will go as far as any man in this country to correct it . But I utterly deny that this is a question of toleration . The truth is , that it is merely a question of political power . Now , Sir , that that is a very serious question no man will venture to deny : and that it is essential on the part of those who support it , that they should satisfy us who oppose it , by the most cogent arguments of the prudence of its concession . That this is the question appears throughout the whole debate , because all the arguments for the measure as far as it has gone , go to that extent . Now no man living can doubt , that if this is done for the Roman Catholics of Ireland it must be done also for the Roman Catholics of England : and I must say , to do them justice , that I do not know any body of Dissenters for whom I should be so glad to bring forward such a question as the Roman Catholics of England ; because they have been the most quiet , the most contented , and the most loyal class of subjects in the kingdom . But if it is fit and proper to do this for the Roman Catholics , it is quite impossible that it should not be done in justice for the other Dissenters . I do not mean to argue that question now : but ail that I mean to say is , that the question is