committee for that purpose at all ; because if it is the sense of the House that the restrictive laws against Catholics should be repealed , it is perfectly competent for any hon . gentleman to move—that all those laws be at once repealed by Bill ; and therefore I say , that this is a proceeding which will have effect on many minds , certainly of an apparently powerful nature ; because the vote that most hon . gentlemen will give this night will be a blind vote , as they do not know what it is they are going to do . They do not know the precise and definite object at which they are aiming.—This obscurity , indeed , will have one good effect , in procuring many votes for that committee , which would probably be withheld if all were clear and distinct . Of this I am persuaded , that if they would tell us for what this committee is to be appointed , they would find very great difficulty in procuring any support . I do not mean to say that it is not very good parliamentary tactics , for it serves to catch votes that would otherwise be lost . But whether , on a grave question of this sort , upon which you can not vote for this first question , without necessarily pledging yourselves to go much farther beyond what the advocates of this cause are entitled to ; whether , I say , this is a fair mode of proceeding , it is for the House to judge . But for my own part , I say it is not fair by the House , nor the friends of the Catholic question in the House , to induce them to adopt the motion upon such a principle . The House , I am persuaded , must feel , that those who agree to give their votes to this 961 motion in its present terms , who vote that a committee be appointed upon these Petitions , will not all of them be supposed to be of opinion that there ought to be , at this moment , some relief afforded to the Roman Catholics . But that such will be the inference drawn from their votes , no man can doubt ; and a very fair inference it certainly is to be so drawn . Are those gentlemen who intend to vote for this committee , prepared to say that concession should be granted without terms and without conditions ? —Are they prepared to give the Roman Catholics so false an impression of what the sentiments of this House are , as to lead them to a belief that a majority of this House are of opinion , that any relief could be given to them without any terms or condition ? For that , in fact , will be the supposition drawn from their vote , without enquiry or previous discussion , all in the same night . Will gentlemen lead them into a misrepresentation that something is to be done for them , without discussion—without terms or conditions , and if not the whole of the prayer of their Petition , at least a part ? Now I would ask is that the situation into which gentlemen are to be led who wish to conciliate the population of Ireland ? —Is it fair or is it candid that they should be so dealt with ? Now with regard to the important question itself , namely , the question of the prayer of the Roman Catholics , in the discussion of it , the House seems to be pretty well united in their feeling that their prayer can not be granted , without conditions , without guards , and without securities of some sort . This question . Sir , can either be only a religious question , or a political one . The latter to be considered as a question of right or expediency . As to its being a religious question , I do not think any one will urge it in that point of view .