Protestant creed is no bar to their fully representing the Romish prejudices of their constituents . What then is the sum and the result of the matter ? —Precisely this—that if there is the smallest ground for apprehension , we gain no security whatever against the danger , be it what it may , by still withholding from the Catholics the only part of the elective franchise which they do not already enjoy ; and if our fears are chimerical , there is of course an end of the argument . I can descry no way out of this dilemma . The learned judge , with all his practised subtilty , can not escape from it . Either we may in perfect safety take the further step of concession , which is now recommended , or we have already gone many steps too far . We have done too much for the security of the Church , or we may , without the slightest danger to it , do something more . If our fears have any foundation , if the learned judge 's alarms are not purely visionary and fantastic , then the Church is really at this 897 hour in danger . The laws of 1778 , 1782 , and 1793 , those wise and humane laws as they have been called , I say those laws of strict justice and absolute necessity , the repeal of the code of persecution and blood , brought the Church into jeopardy , and they who affect to foresee an increase of danger from conceding the little that now remains to be given up , may exercise their ingenuity in explaining whence it is that the establishment has survived all the former concessions—the grand and substantial changes I allude to—not only without a total overthrow , but without even the slightest perceptible shock . But after all ; Sir , I would take leave to ask , are we in such speculations , taking the plain , fact , or any thing like the fact , along with us ? Really to hear the learned judge , and those who with less dexterous skill have enlarged upon the danger of Catholic votes in parliament , one is tempted to fancy that elections and worthy electors have changed their nature ; and that religious views and feelings are the only motives which are known to bear any sway on the hustings . Is it really so , Sir ? Is religion the only ground of voting ; the sole principle of selection in these pious and primitive times ? What has become of land , and money and family ? Has the relation of landlord and tenant all of a sudden lost its influence ? Do customers cease to be looked upon with favour by tradesmen ? Has personal kindness no sway ? Have long established family connections no longer any virtue ? I speak not of any undue employment of authority ; I allude to no illegal use of wealth ; all such means I place out of view ; but give me leave to ask , whether religion has now-a-days triumphed over every fair and legitimate source of influence , and placed itself paramount , nay sole , in the minds of all electors ? Or , if not , will the law which allows Catholics to sit here , suddenly abolish every other principle of election , make men deaf to all but religious considerations , and banish from their minds every prepossession and feeling in the choice of a representative , except the question , what is his form of faith ? No doubt , while your disqualifying statutes separate the Catholic from his fellow subjects , while by exclusion from the pale of the constitution , you draw a circle round one part of the Irish people , and ordain that those shall be kept distinct and insulated whom a common nature and allegiance and birth meant to consolidate with the rest of the 898 mass , there may be some pretence for apprehending that the religious diversity which forms their distinguishing badge , will exert a