and his seven sacraments ; they have not aggravated the calamities of the state , by denouncing an eternal hostility to the civil privileges of three-fourths of the people of Ireland : they have not petitioned for the perpetual weakness of the empire , by demanding an everlasting separation of interest.—The Church too ; I have not seen , in any great degree , its interference ; I have not heard the ecclesiastical horn of discord and sedition . Where are the ministers of the gospel , who have left their God to follow the court to damn their fellow creatures for pay ? Where are the numerous pulpits blasted by the flag of ecclesiastical prostitution ? Instead of one religion damning another for stipend and promotion , in the person of dull divines , instead of an ill advised-people coming down to Parliament with Petitions against their fellow subjects , in the character of mad metaphysicians , I see but three Petitions against the Catholics . I see , on the other hand , the address of the livery of London , with a clause , expressing a desire that civil disabilities should be removed . I see the sense of this the great capital favourable , or not adverse to Irish liberty and English justice . I see wisdom and justice , truth and security , speaking in the voice of many thousand Englishmen , petitioning in their favour . I see a Petition from the Protestants of Ireland , denominated a Protestant Petition , and signed by the greater part of the Protestant proprietors in Ireland . That Petition , unaccompanied by any counter Petition , may be called the Protestant interest of Ireland . The first name is Mr. David Latouche ; that gentleman had originally voted against the Catholics : but seeing the changes of time , and weighing well the public exigency , he now comes forward in their favour : ever a foe to violence ; and checking , by turns , the errors of the crowd , and the crimes of the court , independent equally of the king and the people , aloof from all party , and attached solely to the public good , he asserts to the last the integrity of his character ; and gives the authority of his name , and his house , to the service of his country . You have , in addition to this , the names of the house of Leinster , of Ormond , & c. You have the Protestant merchants , the Presbyterians , and coupled with the Catholics , 732 this Petition may be said to comprehend the property and population of Ireland ; in fact , the Petition of Ireland lies upon your table . I congratulate my Protestant brethren in Ireland ; they have asserted the true principles of the gospel , they have asserted the principles of civil liberty , and they give a warning voice to the British empire . If any misfortune should happen , they must share the evil , but they avoid the dishonour . Before you dismiss the Petitions , let us see who is the petitioner . The kingdom of Ireland , with her imperial crown stands , at your bar ; she applies for the civil liberty of three fourths of her children . She pays you in annual revenue about six millions ; she pays you in interest of debt about three ; in rent of absentees about two ; and in commerce about ten . Above twenty million of money is comprehended in that denomination called Ireland , besides the immeasurable supply of men and provisions ; you quadruple her debt , you add three-fold to her taxes , you take away her parliament , you send her from your bar without a hearing , and with three-fourths of her people disqualified for ever . You can not do it ; I say you can not finally do it . The interest of your country would not support you ; the feelings of your country would not support you : it is a proceeding that can not