of distress in the country . They did not prevent a supply ; on the contrary , they gave facility to the supply , in aid of the people . Grain principally came from the Baltic , 318 and with the ports there the Orders in Council had nothing to do . He was afraid , if gentlemen were sanguine in the expectation of getting supplies from any part of Europe , they would be disappointed . said , that the petitioners who had come to government , and also to parliament , complained that they were in a state of starvation arising from the want of employment , in consequence of which they were without money to buy food—a situation to which they were reduced in consequence of the Orders in Council . He had observed it stated , that the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) had , to some of those petitioners who waited upon him from Birmingham , compared France and England to two men up to their neck in water , who must try which of them could stand the longest without being drowned . He could not suppose that the right hon . gentleman had so expressed himself . He was satisfied the right hon . gentleman could not have used such a metaphor , conceiving as he did , the good ship of England to be so high above water . said he had been very hardly dealt with in the business alluded to . He confessed that some such comparison had fallen from him [ Laughter ] —but denied that he had treated the distresses of the Birmingham petitioners with any thing like levity . did not suppose that the right hon . gentleman could have thought of treating with levity persons in so perilous a situation as he himself had described . agreed that the Orders in Council had no immediate effect in producing the scarcity of food , though it was equally true , that by reason of those Orders in Council , the manufacturers were deprived of the means of purchasing food , were it before them in abundance . Every thing , in his opinion , depended on economy in our expenditure , and , therefore , he was against the present grant . would not consent to repeal the Orders in Council , though it were even true that he could get nine shillings a pound for his sugars in France . If the two countries must be like two fellows pumping , each striving to save himself the longest above water , let it be so ; but Old . England should never yield to France . said , he should move that instead of 534,000l . the grant be reduced to 400,000l . objected to a grant which 319 amounted to no less a sum than 380l . pr man and horse . In other barracks the estimate was 82l . per man . Was it to be understood that 300l . was for each horse 's stall ? said , the estimate only corresponded with other estimates . observed , that barracks had been built in his neighbourhood for 100 cavalry , at an expence of about 6,000l . said , that ground for exercising was to be inclosed to the amount of about 27 acres . objected to granting a larger sum than it was calculated the intended barracks would cost . said , that the sum proposed was not for procuring accommodation for the horses and men alone , but for the Staff also , for an inclosed exercising ground , and for temporary accommodation within the walls for a larger body of horse , when occasion should require . appealed to the Committee if there was a single man in the House who had had the smallest idea of the nature of this grant till now . Either the right hon . gentleman who spoke last knew more on this subject than the Secretary of the Treasury did , or the latter had not done his duty . He asked , would the hon . Secretary not now agree