. In such circumstances , he maintained , that the only effect of the Bill would be to take the money out of the pockets of the landlords and other creditors , to put it in that of tenants and debtors . It would not raise public credit , as had been asserted , but hurry down it rapid decline , till we were brought within the verge of bankruptcy . Notwithstanding all those strong objections to the measure then under consideration , the hon . gentleman would not vote for its absolute rejection at present ; he wanted only for delay , to enquire into the circumstances which might render it advisable to extend the provisions of the Bill to Ireland ; and he would in consequence move , `` That the Bill be committed this day fortnight , '' observed , that the matter under discussion was no longer susceptible of that variation of opinion by which its examination was distinguished last year . The question , whether depreciation did or did not exist , was now at rest : time , which solved every thing , had solved that ; and no one would now deny that it did exist . The fact had been with much candour admitted by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and if it needed proof he would ask whether , of any commodities , more might not be purchased for one hundred guineas than for one hundred and five pounds . The silver tokens too , which the Bank had issued , were another proof . These tokens professed to be worth three shillings each , while in fact they contained no more silver than what was contained in half a crown : The same quantity of silver that used to be put out for fifty shillings was now put out for three pounds ; and that he thought a sufficient proof of depreciation . Perhaps it would be said , that the half crown , worn and defaced as it was , did not contain more silver in proportion , than what was contained in a Bank three shilling token . This he would admit ; but then it should be remembered that 24 of those half crowns were exchangeable for 60 shillings in gold . Looking at these circumstances , therefore , no one could deny the fact of depreciation , and that fact being granted , what did the Bill then before the House propose to do ? that which Adam Smith , Hume , and lord Liverpool had stigmatized as an act of fraud , when done by any government whatever ; namely , to 283 force creditors to receive in payment a depreciated currency . By its operation the state proposed to pay its own creditors , in a paper professing to be worth twenty shillings , when in fact it was only worth sixteen ; while individual creditors would be placed in a similar situation . Yet he could be content to accede even to such a measure , if by its adoption the country could afterwards return to a metalic currency . This , however , there was no prospect of , for he saw nothing in the constitution of the bank of England , which should exempt it from the fate which had attended all banks that had been so closely connected with the government of the country . To shew what this fate had uniformly been , he would go into a history of all banks . He was aware the proposition sounded formidably , but he would do it with every possible conciseness . He then discussed , at some length , the history of the principal banks in Europe , from the first institution of the bank of Venice to the present day , drawing this inference , that banks of deposit were extremely beneficial wherever they were established , and that they had always remained perfect and entire where the stale had not interfered ; but that where the state had interfered they invariably fell , first into discredit , and then into ruin .