, and had since been involved in difficulties by the conduct of his agent . He repeated that he had un-doubted authority for stating , that Mr. Campbell was a man of most unblemished character . thinking it desirable , that Grace , the sheriff 's officer , should be called in , He was accordingly called to the bar , and being examined by the Speaker , stated ; that on Monday , at about half past four o'clock , he arrested Mr. Palmer in Charlotte street , Black-friars-road ; that Mr. Palmer came to his house to enquire for Mr. Campbell ; that he directed him to Hindson 's ; that he followed him to Hindson 's ; and that on coming out he served him with a writ ; that Mr. Palmer shewed him a letter , requiring his attendance as a witness before a committee of the House of Commons , but that never having seen such a thing before , and the writ being of such a nature as to expose him to the greatest risk , in the event of Mr. Palmer 's escape upon a false pretext , he had been compelled , with a view to his own security , not to allow Mr. Palmer to go.—The sheriff 's officer having with-drawn , moved , that the privileges of the House be granted to Mr. Palmer , and 187 that he be discharged from arrest.—Ordered . rose for the purpose of proposing the annual vote for the fulfilment of the treaty of his Majesty with the King of the Two Sicilies . He did not feel that it would be necessary for him to go at present into any details upon a subject , the line of conduct upon which seemsed so clear ; but if any hon . member should require further information , he should be happy to afford it . It was now four years since this grant had first been proposed and adopted , and at this period , it would be quite superfluous for him to detain the House by a justification of the policy on which the treaty was founded . He flattered himself that those individuals who on former occasions had opposed the vote , would now concede their objections , for he had the satisfaction to state , that his Sicilian Majesty had effected an important change in his government and councils , equally favourable to his own and to the interests of Great Britain . The whole military establishment of the kingdom had been placed under the controul of lord William Bentinck , who would be enabled from the confidence that was reposed in him , and from the power with which he was invested , not only to apply the various means he possessed to the protection of the island , but even to aggression upon the common enemy . It would be almost condescending too far to attempt by any detail , to refute the foul calumny originated in France , that Great Britain had imitated the conduct of the ruler of that country in their treatment of the government of Sicily ; that she had assumed all the authority of an independent state , for the purpose of appropriating to herself the resources and produce of the island of Sicily . The only design the British ministry had in view was , to discharge with strict fidelity the duties of an ally , whose anxiety was to stop the progress of an overwhelming tyranny , which would sweep away in its progress every vestige of liberty . With this design they fell themselves called upon , from circumstances of urgent necessity , for the protection not only of the independence of Sicily , but for 188 the security of our own army , to produce a change of the system of government ; and in consequence of the representation of the British envoy for that purpose , every thing that could be expected had been conceded by the king of that island . In future , therefore , we might consider Sicily secure in itself , and as a spot