benefit the public had given to the Bank by the restriction of cash payments ; what were the causes which rendered it so difficult to procure money for the public service ; and by what means the measures of parliament had thrown an immense sum 248 of money into the pockets of the directors . To elucidate these points he would move , 1 . For the average prices of Bank stock , half yearly , from the 5th July , 1797 , to the 31st December , 1811.—2 . For the rates of dividends , for a like period ; with a statement of the amount of increase since 1797 ; and the time at which the increase took place ; and , 3 . For the amount of sums paid to the proprietors of Bank stock , over their dividends , since July , 1797 ; with the amount of each bonus and its date . He could see no objection to this motion . It might indeed be said , that all this information could be gained without bringing the matter-before their lordships . He had himself made some calculations , but he knew not whether they were accurate . If they were , then the accounts he would move for would show , that while the people in general were suffering , the Bank proprietors had put nearly 17 millions into their pockets . He thought it was important this should be known , before they discussed a Bill which would nearly go to make Bank-notes a legal tender . In his opinion , there was not a more proper mode of taxation , than to take away part of their wealth from those persons who had profited by the public distress . On the suggestion of the earl of Liverpool , lord Lauderdale postponed his motion till Tuesday , observing , that when he brought it forward , he would move for similar accounts from the bank of Ireland . said , he understood no opposition would be given to producing an account of the total nominal amount of banknotes rejected as forgeries at the bank of England , from 1797 to the present time , but that an objection would be made to specifying the number and description of such notes ; he should therefore , on Tuesday next , propose his motion in an amended state . presented three several Petitions in favour of a Bill before the House , for the erection of Sea Water Baths in the vicinity of the metropolis . The first Petition was from the members of the royal college of physicians , setting forth the great utility of these Baths , as necessary to the comfort and convenience of the inhabitants of the metropolis , as being highly beneficial to the health of the inhabitants in the cure of cutaneous and eruptive disorders.—The next Petition was from the inhabitants of the city and liberties of Westminster , to the same effect , and the third Petition was from the inhabitants of the city of London , staling similar benefits as likely to arise , if the House would permit the Bill to pass into a law.—The Petitions were laid on the table . then moved the second reading of the above Bill . opposed it , principally on the ground that some of the landed properties in Essex , either were against it , or at least remained neuter . He therefore moved , that instead of '' Now , '' the Bill be read the second time this day six months . supported the motion . observed , that as the two hon . members had objected to the progress of the Bill in perfect good humour , and not having stated one real solid objection to the Bill passing into a law , and after the royal college of physicians and the cities of London and Westminster had come forward in favour of it , he thought the House would allow it to go into a committee . With respect to the Bill itself , of 209 persons slated to be interested in opposing its