in their wisdom shall deem best calculated to restore and preserve the trade of the United Kingdom , and in particular to open and establish our commerce with the whole continent of America . '' rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the production of the Appointment of colonel M'Mahon to the new office of Private Secretary to his royal highness the Prince Regent . When he first gave notice of his intention to make this motion , he little thought that he should have been called upon to go into the subject in detail . He had imagined , that it was as much a motion of course as that which he had a few minutes ago submitted to the House ; but he now found that it was to be resisted ; on what ground it was impossible for him to conceive . He should have thought , that this was a case , which of all others rendered it necessary that the subject should be regularly before the House , that it might receive a formal and deliberate consideration . The office was a new one . There was no precedent for it in the history of the public acts of this country . Such an office might , indeed , have privately existed for a few years back , from the necessity of the case ; but in the constitutional history of this country there had never been any thing like it . Under these circumstances , when such an appointment had for the first time been publicly avowed , surely it was but just and reasonable that the House of Commons should have that appointment formally before them , that they might perform their duty in examining into the matter , and expressing their opinion whether it was fitting or not that such an office should exist . He never recollected that such a motion under such circumstances 333 had been resisted . Nothing more was at present required than the production of the appointment in question . Was it becoming that this should be refused ? —that they should be prevented from discussing a subject which most peculiarly called for attention in the regular and proper manner , because a minister chose to deny them the regular document ? Yet certain it was , that notwithstanding the novelty of this appointment , —the uncertainty as to its exact nature and duties , —and the propriety of an examination into the matter by the House of Commons , they knew nothing more about it than what they learned from the Gazette , namely , `` That colonel M'Mahon had been appointed private secretary to his royal highness the Prince Regent ; '' and what they heard from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , namely , `` That the duties of the office in question were those of a private secretary . '' From a suggestion across the table , he understood it was to be said , that no regular appointment to this office had been made out , —that there was nothing but a Minute of Treasury for the payment of the salary . If that was really the case , it was an additional objection to the proceeding . If the office was to be constituted at all , it ought to be done in an open and public manner , that the country might at any rate have some person to whose responsibility they might look . Here , again , he might be met with the appointment of colonel Taylor : but his answer was , that the appointment of colonel Taylor was only justified by the necessity of the case . This was an entirely different matter . It could not surely be pretended that the circumstances were at all similar . But what really was this office ? What was the nature of the holder 's situation ? Was he to be a cabinet-minister , or a mere clerk or amanuensis ? From any information that had been given on the subject , he was totally at a loss to know which of