judge from that how far this corporation can have any claim to an independant opinion . As to any endeavours of the chief secretary to obtain from that corporation this adverse Petition , it is unfortunate for him that some how or other , his conduct , as explained by himself , is so very different from that which vulgar minds , judging from common appearances , have conceived it to be ; for there certainly did exist circumstances which looked very much like an attempt on his part to controul the proceedings of this body the first time the Petition was proposed to them . But though the right hon . gentleman may himself have acted with so much discretion , as not to be personally implicated in any plan for defeating the object of the friends of the Catholics , it by no means follows that any part of the charge of the right hon . gentleman , who has presented their Petition , is unfounded ; for we all know , from the history of the Union by the subsequent explanations of a noble lord opposite , how effectually the government of Ireland may wield its influence at the same time that the first minister of it may conscientiously assert he 488 never abused its patronage , nor committed its faith for great popular concessions . That the agents of government did , by their command , use every exertion to defeat the liberal and patriotic efforts of the Protestants of Ireland in favour of their Catholic countrymen , is as true , as the assertion of the right hon . gentleman who has presented their Petition , that it speaks the sentiments of a decided majority of the Protestants of Ireland . .—I deny that government interfered either one way or the other . It will be my duty to present tomorrow a Petition from the Catholics of the county and city of Londonderry , a great body of the inhabitants of which is against Catholic Emancipation . .—Sir ; the insinuation that the Protestants '' of Ireland are unfriendly to the Catholic claims , is as un-candid , as from the Petition now presented , it appears to be wholly unfounded ; and one can not but be anxious to learn the circumstances , from which gentlemen consider that they are justified in arguing to this effect . I should be glad to know whether , from any thing lately passed in Ireland , it is fair or just , by mere conjecture and assertion in debate , to try to do away the impression which this Petition in behalf of the Roman Catholic claims , is so well calculated to produce , not only in the House , but throughout the empire . I admit , with shame and regret , that there may exist a disposition , nay , perhaps , an ardent wish , in certain quarters , to excite such an hostility ; but I know not any language sufficiently strong , with which to reprobate such an object ; and be it remembered , that the attempt to deny the importance of this Petition is made on a question , involving the happiness and welfare of several millions of subjects . Acquainted as I am with the history and progress of these claims , nothing can surprise me . After every foul and false charge , every serious and every futile objection , had been over and over again made and repeated , Parliament were at length gravely assured , that even the Catholics did not desire emancipation ; but when this impudent and foolish assertion was about to be denied by the united Catholic voice , the refutation was sought to be proved by most unconstitutional attempts to silence that voice . And now that the Protestants of Ireland , who , for a long season , had been cruelly hallooed against the Catholics , had discovered the artifice , 489 and were voluntarily rushing forward to save their common country and the empire , by declaring their readiness to renounce a monstrous monopoly , and their anxious wish