a resistance , so small a number of the enemy should be killed , while upwards of 4,000 prisoners were taken . said , that in rising to move that this Petition do lie on the table , he could not avoid recalling their lordships ' attention to what took place on a former evening respecting the intended discussion on the great national question to which the Petition referred . They were told it was intended to bring forward these discussions at an early ensuing period this session . They were all agreed that the question was not only of the greatest importance to the commercial interests of the country , but involved , at the same time , some of the highest interests on which the British legislature could be called upon to deliberate . This subject , great and extensive as it was , he held it would be utterly impossible , were they to confine themselves even to the commercial part of the question , to discuss in a fit and proper manner , such as its importance required , in what remained of the session . The subject was recommended to the attention of parliament from the throne at the beginning of the session . Four months had now elapsed without a moment of time being bestowed upon it : but now , when they were told the subject was very nearly ripe for consideration , their lordships were expected to remain in the same state of utter inactivity , with respect to it , waiting until they should receive lessons from the other House of Parliament on the subject , and until it was brought before them 1078 in the shape of a Bill . A noble friend of his had suggested a mode of proceeding , in which the subject could be brought before both Houses of Parliament , where the functions of the one House could not be necessarily excluded until the other branch of the legislature had taken its final leave of the business , but a mode and system of deliberation in which both Houses could reciprocally afford light and assistance to each other . He trusted some one of his noble friends would come forward this session , and bring the subject before the House in the shape of Resolutions , involving the consideration , whether , on just grounds , the trade , not only to the East Indies , but to every other part of the globe , should be prevented from becoming general , or confined exclusively to any part of the kingdom . In this train of discussion , he trusted they all wished to see it ; and he again expressed his hope , that some noble lord would , were it not done by the King 's government , bring the subject before the House in the shape of Resolutions . His lordship concluded by moving , that the Petition do lie on the table . averred that his Majesty 's government entertained the strongest desire and the most determined resolution , to propose nothing to parliament which they were satisfied in their own minds was , upon this great occasion , not conducive to the general interests of the country . His noble friend and the House were aware , it was a subject which involved such a collision of interests , that there could be no intention on the part of his Majesty 's government to precipitate the discussion of the measure . With respect to the particular course of proceeding to be adopted , a variety of opinions might arise ; but , with respect to those avowed by his noble friend on that head , he would beg to look to what was his own conduct on a similar occasion , while forming a part of the then government . He surely would not pretend to state that the subject was not equally important in the year 1793 as it now was . At that time , his noble friend discharged his duly in the manner he thought most advantageous for the purpose , when he pursued a course directly