certainly be severe . The House must also be aware , how important it was to lose no time in the achievement of the object . If we consider the advance of Soult , with a view to attempt the relief of Badajoz , we may easily conceive , that had the assault been delayed , in order to render the breaches more practicable , a much heavier loss might have been sustained by the double effort that would then have been necessary to repel the advancing army on the one hand , and to reduce the fortress on the other . Sir , I shall forbear from dwelling , with particular distinction , on the names of any of the gallant officers who acquitted themselves so nobly in this most brilliant affair , because they are so numerous , the instances of heroic gallantry were so general ( as , indeed , the list of casualties but too sufficiently testifies ) , that it would be in vain for me to attempt to do justice to all , and I am unwilling , by omitting any , to expose myself to the charge of invidiousness . I conceive that the House must be fully impressed with the importance of this operation . What the ultimate result may be , it is impossible accurately to predict ; but there is every reason to believe that the British movement towards Badajoz , attracting the notice of marshal Soult , gave to the Spaniards in the south of Spain , the means of approaching Seville , 1073 and there can be little doubt but to this circumstance , general Ballasleros is indebted for the opportunity of marching into Seville , in consequence of the destitute state of defence into which it necessarily fell . I repeat , Sir , that it is impossible to anticipate the consequences of all these proceedings , but I feel justified in auguring most favourably from them , and in cherishing the expectation that they will be productive in the south of Spain of events in the highest degree auspicious to the common cause . The House and the country will , I trust , find some consolation for the severe loss which this glorious acquisition has occasioned , in the important effect which it is calculated to produce on the character , and probable result , of the awful contest in which we are engaged . It is but just that we should express the gratitude which we feel to those by whom such great national advantages have been obtained ; and I therefore move you , Sir , in the first instance , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to general the earl of Wellington , for the great ability and military skill manifested by him in the recent siege of Badajoz , by which that important fortress has been wrested from the possession of the enemy . '' rose to set himself right with the House . When he got up before , his intention was by no means to oppose the vote of thanks . was of opinion that this last exploit of lord Wellington had done great honour to himself and the British army . Under all the circumstances , he believed that no general in the universe but himself would have attempted the capture of Badajoz ; and that no troops in the universe but British , would have succeeded in that attempt . was a little apprehensive that the results in the south of Spain expected from the capture of Badajoz might not come to pass so easily as was expected . did not think that the motion went far enough in rewarding the illustrious commander of the army in Spain . He was of opinion , that the highest dignity the country had to bestow would fall short of rewarding his merits . Why should not the gallant commander have a marshall 's staff , and be put at the head of the military administration of the country ? said , that he scarcely ever offered himself to the House with more pleasure than on the