If we appeal to the history of past times for the danger that we are told to apprehend now from that circumstance , and take that as the rule by which we are to judge on the conduct of the Catholics at present , that danger never has nor ever will be removed . But if we wish to do justice to this question , we must not look to two or three centuries past , but to the times and circumstances under which we live , and judge of the Catholic religion as it is now preached and practised . Because , in the present time , we shall see that spiritual authority , which once maintained a political dominion over the whole Christian world , is now divested of that power and stript of those terrors which once excited the apprehensions and fears of every Catholic monarchy in Europe . I certainly shall not fatigue the House with enlarging upon the historical illustrations which might be resorted to upon this subject . But there is one very striking fact which took place at no very dis- 943 tant period of time , which may serve to show the bad policy of the course we are pursuing . I mean the conduct of the king of Prussia towards Silesia . Frederic at first set up some obscure and not very intelligible claims to that country , he then invaded and conquered it , and it was finally most reluctantly ceded to him by Austria at the peace of 1742. was the established religion of the country ; it might well be supposed disaffected to its new Protestant monarch ; its ancient attachment to Austria , and its local situation between the Austrian and the Prussian dominions , might well render the power of the Catholics formidable . The king of Prussia was not even acknowledged at this time by the Pope as king , he was styled at Rome only marquis of Branden-burgh , and yet what under all these circumstances was the conduct of that great monarch towards Silesia ? did he attempt to persecute or destroy any of his Roman Catholic subjects ? Did he think it politic to shackle , or deprive them of any of those privileges which they had theretofore enjoyed ? Did he destroy any Catholic universities ? Did he attempt to remove any Catholic judges ? Or did he attempt to deprive any Catholic bishop of his spiritual authority ? No : That magnanimous prince was too wise a man , and when that policy was advised by some of his ministers , he rejected it with disdain , and pursued that policy which tended so much to add lustre and greatness to the crown he wore . Undoubtedly he was a man of no religious scruples . ( Hear , hear ! —Laugh at the ministerial side of the House . ) Certainly , I admit that he was wholly indifferent about religion , but is this to be considered then as a question of religious difference ? Will gentlemen put it on that footing ? If they will own that their aversion to the Catholics is because they are of a different religion from themselves , if it is to their extreme orthodoxy that they oppose the Catholic claims , I have nothing to say more : but I understood that this was a mere question of policy , and so considering it , a more striking and instructive example than this can hardly be produced . The supposed danger of leaving political power in the hands of those who were of a different religion from the monarch was thought so great , that it is said to have been proposed to Frederic , that he should become himself a Catholic . If such a proposal was made he rejected it , 944 though certainly from no religious scruples , and he adopted that which appeared a remarkable proof of true wisdom and princely greatness . He established public toleration : he left them in possession of their universities : he left them their bishops : their generals were given