; but if not so , it was on the very verge of suffering . The House had been taught by the calculations of the right hon . gentleman to expect that the master manufacturer would be completely relieved , and instead of that they found he could not repay the money advanced for his aid ! Was it not a time then to take these petitions into consideration ? and did it not become the right hon . gentleman to consent to a committee to enquire into the effects of the Orders in Council , and to ascertain whether or not they were the causes of these calamities ? He could not help thinking the hon . baronet had been rather indiscreet in the way in which he had spoken of America . If America was shut , Birmingham must be idle ; and if idle , the population would starve . Her ports then must be opened , either by necessity or by policy . Policy had hitherto had a contrary effect ; and he disliked the taunting tone in which it was said , that America could not even shave herself , or catch her mice without our aid . It was insulting to America , to 433 tell her , she was so dependant on Birmingham , that she could not do the most trifling thing without aid from that place . The hon . baronet might until lately have told us that America could not ride her horse , that she could not shoe her horse , that she could not drive a nail without Birmingham . America however had learned to ride and shoe a horse , without the aid formerly asked ; and , if they looked at the latest orders to Birmingham , they would find that bridle-bits and nails were excluded from those orders , America having been induced to manufacture these articles herself . This shewed the progress of the arts in America—and so they would continue to progress , if Great Britain continued her policy ; from making nails , she would arrive at the manufacture of the most important articles . In short , if they shut America now , they shut it for ever . For these reasons , and on account of all the frightful things passing in the interior of the country , he demanded enquiry.—The accounts from Sheffield , from Manchester , from Leeds , from Huddersfield , were such , that if the House read in the newspapers similar intelligence from Ireland , they would at once conclude that that country was in a state of insurrection and rebellion.—But in England these events did not seem to make the same impression , and because they were new and uncommon , they were not considered to be of the importance they were . Let them do something to soothe the feelings of the country , and not be told , when they pressed for enquiry , that they were using inflammatory language , and not falling into the proper loyal course ; let them not be told that their petitions were treasonable , and that they were influenced by persons with whom they had never communicated : that they did not feel their sufferings , but were persuaded by party men to violent acts . And what were these violent acts ? Petitioning parliament and the Regent for relief . He hoped , therefore , that the right hon . gentleman would declare , if a Committee was moved for , if he would consent to its appointment . One topic had this night surprised him—he alluded to the licences . He was astonished to learn , that after importing all the manufactures of France , a vessel was only required to export to the value of 5l . per ton of import , instead as he had before understood from the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) , of being obliged , in the first instance , to export to that amount , and , on returning , to put her imported 434 cargo under the king 's lock , till