`` the 18th February , 1812 , '' `` the demise of his Majesty '' should be substituted . having adverted to the little attention which bad been paid to its 451 progress through the House , expressed himself anxious to receive some information as to the grounds on which it was introduced . He understood that Mr. Goldsmid , at his death , was very much indebted to government , as well as to private individuals , and ministers had thought proper to forego the priority of right which the crown could claim for the payment of debts due to it , and remained content to come in with the other creditors . Had an extent issued , he was informed , the public debt would have been entirely liquidated ; but by the course which had been pursued , the dividend would be only 19s . in the pound , the same as paid to the general body of creditors . said , that Mr. Goldsmid 's principal property consisted in 4,000,000l . of Omnium , which had been placed , as deposits , with several persons . If this had been sold precipitately , or to satisfy an extent , the loss would have been very great . He was possessed also of some real estate , but it was evident no person would become the purchaser of it , while an extent from the crown was hanging over the property . Under these circumstances , government had conceded their claim , and the Bill was introduced . thought the third reading might be postponed for a few days , without inconvenience , to give an opportunity for the printing of the Bill . had no objection to the proposition , if such was the feeling of the House . observed , that the printing of the Bill would give no information as to the grounds on which ministers had thought fit to give up the right of the crown to priority of payment . If that information were desired , he would Cheerfully accede to the production of any documents from the Treasury , that might be deemed necessary ; but this need not be a bar to the third reading of the Bill . expressed himself satisfied with the explanation . It was agreed that the third reading should take place on Wednesday next , and that the Bill should be printed . expressed his surprise that the motion should be made at so late an hour , when the discussion was likely to occupy so much time . He , as well as 452 several other hon . members , had a clause to propose . complained , that he had not yet had an opportunity of fully expressing his opinion on the measure . observed , that the hon gentleman 's memory appeared to be much weaker than those of other hon . members . He , recollected , that the hon . gentleman had , on a former night , honoured the House with a very excelent , but not a very short argument on the Bill . said , the speech alluded to , bore on the measure only as it related to Ireland . thought , as the Bill was introduced to re-enact a law which had expired three weeks ago , and as no evil , that he had heard of , had arisen from its cessation , the delay of a few days could produce no inconvenience . urged , as a principal reason for postponing the report , that if brought up now , it would certainly create a debate , and probably a very long one , which , at so late an hour , would be highly improper . He should therefore , move , `` That the House do now adjourn . '' .—My lords ; although it would be obviously improper and unsuitable to the occasion , that I should now anticipate the interesting discussion for which the House had been summoned for to-morrow , it would . not be in my mind , less a failure of respect , to that most