ask , whether the Catholics did not say , that they would be satisfied with the concessions of 1793 , and yet they come again , continues the noble baron , like the beggar in Gil Blas , asking alms , with a pistol pointed to your breast . As this is put interrogatively , and not in the shape of an assertion , I have a right , without offence to the noble speaker , to whom it is attributed , as my own knowledge of the fact sufficiently enables me to do , to meet his lordship 's question , with a direct and unqualified negative ; neither did the Catholics themselves , nor any friend of theirs , condescend to enter into so unworthy a compromise on their be-half . On the contrary , during the progress of the noble earl 's Bill in 1793 , he will remember that further concessions were moved to be added to it by way of 521 amendment , by the supporters of the Catholic claims in the Irish House of Commons ; the noble earl will , I am sure , also do me the justice of recollecting , that I expressed my acquiescence in his lord-ship 's measure in the other House , as establishing a growing principle of legitimate claim on the one hand , and just concession on the other . The intention of this argument , if it deserves that name , was obviously this : to represent the Irish Catholic to your lordships , as an untoward , untractable creature , who must always have in his mind ulterior views , which he is in the constant habit of concealing , and whom you can never hope effectually to conciliate , or entirely to satisfy . When it is by such arguments as these that the Catholic claims are assailed , it is material to shew how little these insinuations are supported by the fact . With respect to that general and misplaced invective with which the noble lord appears to have indulged himself , against the character of the Irish people—on taking counsel from his own better judgment and returning discretion , he will assuredly join with me in thinking , that these were not fit expressions , by which to designate a high-spirited population , whose feelings to the sense of injury or insult , are not less acute than those of his lord-ship ; and in defence of whose national and individual characteristics , there is fortunately no necessity to require either the opinion or the testimony of the noble lord . Are my Catholic countrymen then , to be characterized as beggars , by his Majesty 's mild , conciliating , and temperate ministers ? If they are beggars , who made them so ? They have , unhappily , had the full benefits of your instruction and fraternity , for the last 600 years . You complain of your own acts : it was your own barbarizing code which forcibly arrested from the Catholic the constitution of his country , which was his inheritance and his birthright—that made him , as it were , an alien in his native land . It was the all devouring spirit of your commercial monopoly which stripped my countrymen of their manufactures , their commerce , and their industry ; it was your insatiate lust of power that degraded the parliament , and the nation by the arrogant assumption of binding by your laws , another legislature as independent as your own . But when , and under what circumstances 522 did the Catholic , and the Protestant , and the parliament reclaim and recover their invaded right ? In times of British weakness and apprehension . When did these invasions of their rights fall upon my countrymen with the greatest weight ? In the most triumphant moments of British strength , pride , and prosperity.—Under such impressions as these , I feel it to be my bounden duty , earnestly to recommend to your lordships ' prompt and favourable consideration , the manifold grievances of your Catholic fellow-subjects , whilst the grant may