Middlesex . I saw Mr. Burchell , who gave his opinion , that being in Surrey , it did not come within the jurisdiction of the House ; and that I ought to wait till a new order was made , which would probably be this day . I then went back and saw Mr. Campbell . I told him that Mr. Dan refused to grant the discharge , and , also what had passed between me and the under-sheriffs . Did you take any steps to ascertain if Mr. Campbell was the person summoned by the Committee ? —I never was in the House of Commons before , or nearer to it than the court of King's-bench , in Westminster-hall . I did not enquire into this , as my time was occupied , as I have stated , and I was served with the notice to attend here today , soon after I got home . What is the amount of the debt ? —6,960l . and upwards . If it had fallen on me , it would have been utter ruin to myself and family . The parties being withdrawn , without offering any observations , moved— '' That Mr. Campbell be allowed the privileges of this House , and be discharged from his arrest . '' did not think him entitled to this , as the case did not come exactly within their privileges , which he was as anxious to preserve as any man . He then stated the facts as disclosed in the preceding evidence , and contended , that Mr. Campbell being at that hour returning to his own house , could not be said to be in progress to the Committee of the House of Commons . felt that there could be no doubt on the question before the House . As Mr. Campbell had been ordered to at- 160 tend the Committee at one , and was passing by the Horse-guards at five minutes after twelve , nothing could be more probable than that he had returned for the purpose he had forgotten . said , if the witness had been bona-fide on his way to the House , its privilege ought unquestionably to be extended to him ; but his being found at home might naturally enough lead the officer to suspect , when the order was produced , that it was some trick if the man was passing the Horse-guards at twelve o'clock , and went home , as he had stated , for a paper which he had forgotten ; all this might be considered as in progress towards his attending the Committee , and the privilege of the House ought to be extended to him . He conceived it must be admitted , unless the veracity of the witness were questioned , that he was entitled to the privilege of the House . observed , he had been somewhere else all the morning previous to his passing the Horse-guards at twelve o'clock , on business not connected with the Committee . thought , the order of the House , which was in his possession , ought of itself to have protected him from an arrest . was of opinion that no censure was deserved by the unfortunate sheriff 's officer , and he should therefore not propose to proceed with any severity against him ; but he thought Mr. Dan , the attorney , ought to be ordered to attend to receive a reprimand for the language which he had held with respect to the order . He would therefore move that Mr. Dan he ordered to attend . wished to know , if the hon . gentleman would pursue this motion before the House decided on giving an order for the attendance of Hindson again tomorrow . before Mr. Dan was ordered to attend , wished to observe that there had appeared no intention on his part to infringe the privileges of the House . He would put it to them , if when the amount of the debt was considered , it could be expected that any man would take upon himself the heavy responsibility