Why should there be any Not conscious of any inferiority in their devotion to the interests of the state , and knowing themselves free from any insidious purposes against other descriptions of their fellow subjects , they can not suppose any deficiency in their title to the amplest enjoyment of British immunities . Should any one assert that such an unrestricted admission would affect the security of existing establishments , it is for him to make out his proposition . The burthen of shewing the danger must equitably rest upon him . Let him state his case , connecting his indication of the peril , with some fact or probability capable of being seized and fairly discussed . Loose and general imputations drawn from the extravagant supposition that the Irish Catholics of the present day are just 658 what Catholics were a century and a half ago , can never be the ground of any profitable deliberation . As little can you rationally argue to the principles of the Catholic body from doctrines which any absurd and unauthorised advocate may have happened to publish . Take the distinct unambiguous declaration made by the leading men of that communion in Ireland , as speaking for the whole body , and supported by the subsequent concurrence of that body . Refer to that , and see if it leave room for the impeachment which the Catholics are desired , by a limitation of their claims , to put upon their loyalty to their sovereign and their fidelity to their fellow subjects . Do not tax their ingenuity to devise against themselves flaws foreign to their natures . It is enough if you undertake that office : their minds are not cast in a mould that fits them for comprehending such suspicions. `` I would grant them every indulgence '' says the noble and learned lord ( a sentiment re-echoed by a noble earl ) that did not invest them with political power . '' I should like much to hear political power defined . At present I take it to be just as loose an expression as Catholic Emancipation on the other side , expressing nothing but a sort of confused imagination that there may be inconvenience in admitting the Catholics to all the right * of citizenship . Is it meant that in parliament , or in the active offices of the state , the Catholics would obtain a preponderance formidable for the Protestant establishment . No , we may assert that not an individual could be found so visionary as to avow that notion . Then the apprehensions must be some floating conception that advancement to higher stations than they can now hold would give to the leading members of that communion an-influence over the body of Catholics in Ireland which they do not now possess . Consult your own knowledge of human nature , my lords , and determine upon the quality of this apprehension . What the giving to the Catholic of rank an interest unconnected with the objects of the majority of persons of his communion—the withdrawing him from confraternity with them in privations and neglect , is to furnish him with a more powerful title to their confidence and sympathy ! The supposition needs only to be slated to be repelled by-the judgment of every man . Is it not clear that the Catholic of birth , or of property , if he be commixed with the 659 active pursuits of high life , must have less leisure and less excitement than at present to address himself to the passions of his sect . Then , admitting that , contrary to all probability , no jealousy should arise in their minds respecting an individual whom they see identified by office or profession with that Protestant government represented as the mark for their unremitting hostility , are his practices likely to make most impression upon minds soured with insult , or upon minds soothed by obliteration of invidious distinctions ? Can the artifices of a demagogue in elevated employment be more commodiously exerted upon a multitude blended with the rest of their fellow citizens , than when