, and that utter blindness to all history , and of every day 's experience , which leads some men to cry out when they have no other ground whereupon to justify their conduct towards that one sect—that the Church is safe on all its other quarters , and only in danger from them . I must yet advert to another topic urged by the learned judge , because it struck me as novel , at least from the extent to which it was pressed , and the openness with which its principles were avowed . He talked of a kind of right possessed by the members of the Protestant communion over the legislature—that a sort of implied condition ( if I rightly understood him , ) under which they became attached to that communion , should not be broken.—This condition it seems , is that a man worships God in a certain way , under the assurance that this mode of faith shall secure to him certain privileges and ( for without this addition the argument has no sort of application , ) that those privileges shall not be extended to others of a different persuasion . Here is a sweeping principle with a vengeance ! Here is a new light indeed , let in upon us to shew the true foundations of religious belief ! Why , is it to be maintained that 900 men attach themselves to the Protestant faith from motives like these ? Is it , at any rate , to be said openly , and in plain terms , that as we worship according to the liturgy of the English church , and give our answers to the catechism of the Westminster assembly , for the purpose of gaining the immunities of the Protestant communion and for the purpose of enjoying something from which others are debarred , therefore the government breaks faith with us , if , after we have entered upon those offices of religion , with such pure and spiritual views , it extends the same immunities to others , and leaves us without our distinctive badges of political preference and favour ? Really , Sir , I had always , in the simpleness of my heart , fancied , that when I worshipped God , as a member of the English Church , I did so with a view to the safety of my soul , and from a conscientious conviction that its doctrines were true , and that all other were erroneous . I had vainly , as it now appears , imagined that my only motive for preferring this form of faith , was my belief that it was the scriptural one ; a belief wholly involuntary on my part , and which I entertained because my reason led me to it ; not because certain political , secular advantages were annexed to it , or rather to the outward profession of it ; and as for supposing that any condition could be broken with me , by the government doing any one act of any kind whatsoever , such a thought never could have entered my mind , because I chose that form of worship without any reference to temporal matters at all . The learned judge has indeed cast a new light on this subject . According to him , men believe and worship , as they strike a bargain , voluntarily on certain conditions precedent for valuable considerations , or rather for considerations of no value at all , unless the gratification of a splenetic and exclusive spirit be an object of worth in Christian eyes . The plain English of all this , however , is abundantly obvious . It is the doctrine of proselytism by wholesale . It is a new view of the code of penalty and persecution . It is an avowal far more open and undisguised than has heretofore been made , and which we shall do well hereafter to keep in mind , that the main use of the restrictive laws is to induce , or compel men to leave their own faith , but not from persuasion of