more intolerant than Mahometans . They allow others no liberty of conscience whatever . Their tenets teach them totally to destroy every person differing from them in faith ; and they do not even allow any person to indulge in their own principles . Why , what was done at the establishment of the new constitution of Spain ? The very first act of the Cortez—the first article of their proceedings was , that the Roman Catholic religion should be the religion exclusively of the state , and that no other religion should be tolerated . That was the very first article declared , and these are the very people who are continually talking and crying out about religious liberty ! —a liberty which they themselves never allow to any one whatever ! In Ireland , it is true , they dare not quarrel with the people of another religion , where the people of that religion are thinner than they are . And the advice given to them by their doctrinal councils on the subject of their faith is , `` If the heretics are stronger than you , you should not make war upon them , because that may be attended with your ruin . '' Bellarmine , their great advocate , advises them to submit when they are the weaker party . `` Hæreticos non Bello petendos cum sunt nobis potentiores . '' The short and the long of which is , that their impotence alone is the inference of their humanity . They pretend to claim a right to religious liberty ! Why , Sir , that religious liberty , notwithstanding they are so intolerant , is already given up to them . No person gives them any where the least disturbance or annoyance . In Ireland they have just as much liberty in that respect as the Established Church itself ; and if that is the case , what right have they to come here , and pretend to demand the right of religious liberty , which is not denied to them , and which they have at this moment , 748 notwithstanding the principles of their religion are such as I have stated ? Now , Sir , I do profess myself a great friend to religious liberty ; and I say that the principles of any sect of religion do not recommend resistance to the state . I think every denomination of people is entitled to religious liberty . I never was an enemy to the Catholics where their tenets were not hostile to the state ; and in my mind , as far as that goes , they are entitled to a full and absolute enjoyment of their religious liberty ; and I think that this Emancipation will never give them more liberty than they have now . The second reason given for their being entitled to Emancipation is their numbers , their wealth , and their power . Now , Sir , let the truth of that assertion be examined ; and do not let us take mere assertion alone . It is insisted that the Catholics of Ireland amount to four millions of the people of that country ; and they would have us believe that the Protestants of the Established Church are not as one to ten compared with them . But is this assertion founded upon any report , or any authentic calculation laid upon the table of parliament ? No , Sir , they call upon us to take their statement ; for they have given us nothing like the appearance of calculation , but mere assertion . Now , Sir , let that be compared with the most authentic calculations that have been made . There is now a Bill in parliament for numbering the people of Ireland , to which I am a hearty friend , and to which I shall give my warmest support , although it comes from the right hon . baronet opposite ( sir John Newport ) . The only thing like an authentic calculation that has been made upon this subject was from the return of the hearth-money collectors in