member had described , the miseries of the West Indian slaves , though the tortures which they suffered , he was sorry to say , were not greater than those suffered by our soldiers . Then the dangers of enquiry might have been urged with greater plausibility , when a few scattered whites were exposed to all the evils of a negro insurrection . The question was , whether a document which would shew whether the powers entrusted to courts martial had been temperately or immoderately used was to be produced . The right hon . gentleman said , `` Do n't enquire ; I tell you all is well . '' But were they , he would ask , afraid to look into the facts of the case ? Were they to close their eyes to it ? And were those out of doors who ventured to enter upon it , not to be met by argument but by persecution ? Would any one who witnessed the irritability which the mention of this subject always excited , not be almost led to the conclusion that all was not so well as it should be ? Now , what would be the consequence of the production of this paper ? It would either prove the statement of the right hon . gentleman opposite , which was so favourable to the Commander in Chief , or it would disprove it . The right hon . gentleman 's eulogy of the reduction of flogging was quite unintelligible . He first denied the abuse , and then he said , — '' for God 's sake do not ask for the paper , as it will be productive of the most dangerous consequences . '' Was not this conduct much more dangerous than openly and manfully at once to enter upon the discussion of the question ? So far it would appear from severity of punishment being done away , there were instances of persons suffering four several times before they could receive the whole of their punishment , and that very lately . He had a letter dated the 10th of February , 1812 , from one of our North American settlements , in which a complaint was made of a Major-General , a German officer there , who very properly , as the law stood , had caused 700 lashes to be inflicted on a man . This was not a solitory instance , for it was stated to be the 392 usual complement of garrison punishment . How could this punishment be inflicted all at once ? Other complaints were made of dividing 500 lashes in such a way , as that 230 lashes should be given on the lower part of the back , and 250 on another part of the body . No man could deserve such a punishment . A trifling violation of duty undoubtedly merited some punishment , but not flogging ; and in cases of mutiny , or persona violence offered to an officer—if the officer were knocked down and trodden upon , which happened in the case alluded to by him , then a severer punishment than flogging ought to be adopted . But this severe punishment degraded man to a brute , and harrowed up and cauterized the feelings of all who witnessed it . Could any thing be more abominable , than to set apart a class of our fellow-citizens , and demand from them a callousness and insensibility which we would not allow in any other class in the British dominions . While we cherished all the kindly affections in every other branch of the community , and doomed a particular class to such a rigorous and unfeeling system , had we not reason to apprehend the effects either in after times , or in times nearer our own ? If the soldier ought to be set apart as little as possible from the citizen , how could they justify a punishment which was confined exclusively to the soldiers , a punishment which debased those who suffered , those who inflicted it , and those by whom it was witnessed .