it had ever been.—When the intimation was received from the government in this country to stop these payments , the surprise was as great as had ever been excited . This he considered a ; one of the most just criterions by which to try the real state of the bank of Eng land at that time and since . The right hon . gentleman had endeavoured to throw a ridicule upon an hon . gentleman for his 210 opinion on the value of the practical standard existing in Ireland , to ascertain the real state of the depreciation of the paper currency . But the right hon . gentleman was altogether in error in supposing , that this standard varied from 5 to 20 per cent . on either side of a hedge , according to the pleasure or caprice of this or that landlord . That was not the case ; and the rate per cent . never depended upon the will of any landlord . The capital of the country was the standard . In Dublin the buying and selling of gold was as common as that of broad cloth , or any other article . Much of it was bought for England , from whence a considerable proportion of it was , he believed , exported , and a considerable portion of it hoarded . Though he hoped he would be acquitted of being guilty of much egotism in that House , or of being apt to speak of himself , he would briefly state a circumstance of which he had been an eye-witness , to shew that it was this traffic which formed the standard , and not the fancy of landlords , as imagined by the right hon . gentleman . On the day he sailed for London , he went into one of these shops in which gold is purchased and sold in Dublin , and while there , a country woman came in to dispose of 11 or 12 guineas . She asked what was the premium , and was informed 5s . 6d . on each guinea , with , which being satisfied , she received that sum in bank of Ireland notes , and the fractional parts in tokens . The person of the shop having gone out , another stated to him ( Mr. P. ) that the woman had been paid too little , as the premium ought to have been 6s . on each guinea . On the return of the shop-keeper , he had exchanged with him bank of Ireland notes for those of the bank of England , at the ordinary rate of exchange , which at that time amounted to about one penny , or three-halfpence in the pound . This was a decided proof of the depreciation of paper , in comparison with gold , and that the rate of that depreciation was as well ascertained in Ireland as the price of meat or bread . His advice , then , was—to let the thing take its own course with the two prices . The Bill , if he understood it right , went to enact , that if a debtor was sued , and paid the amount in Bank-notes into court , the creditor was compelled to receive them and pay costs . But suppose A owed B 100l . on bond , and was desirous to pay the money and get rid of the interest , A could not force B to receive 211 the payment in 100l . Bank-notes ; and must continue to remain B 's debtor , and pay him interest . This seemed to him to be a great absurdity . It was said , the measure was necessary ; —he knew not the circumstances that made it so : it had not been called for by Ireland , save in one Petition from Belfast , presented by the noble lord , and he was convinced if that was looked into , that the signatures would be found to be more connected with the commercial than the landed interests . It had also been said ; that