disorderly . appealed to the House , whether , in his view of the noble earl 's argument , he was not justified in calling him to order . If , under that impression , he had unseasonably interrupted the noble lord , he regretted it . He had merely acted from a sense of his parliamentary duty , without intending any thing personal to the noble earl . I admit that the interruption of the noble lord would have been perfectly just and seasonable , if I could have so entirely forgotten myself , as to have introduced the name of the Prince Regent , to influence the proceedings of this House . But what was the true statement of my argument ? I had been reminding ' your lordships , that every former concession to the Catholics , had been the professed measure of the minister , and in the instance of 1793 , recommended to parliament in the speech from the throne . I had been explaining to your lordships , why , in deference to the scruples entertained in a certain quarter , such a recommendation could not have been reasonably 515 expected , daring the last ten years , and I was naturally proceeding to enquire , why , since such obstructions were , now entirely removed , no message had yet come down to this House , from the Prince Regent , respecting the Catholic Claims . Was this to be characterized , as an attempt to influence your lordships ' deliberations , by the use of the name of the Prince Regent ? My argument had an aspect directly the reverse . The object of my complaint was , and I thought it matter of serious regret , that the Regent had not , in this instance , exercised the legitimate authority of the third estate , by recommending a measure of such pressing importance to the consideration of parliament , and with which the former sentiments of his royal highness the Prince of Wales , were known to have been so completely in unison . Must I then be compelled to lament , the voluntary sacrifice of these acknowledged and avowed feelings , to the assumed scruples , and political religion of his Royal Highness 's ministers ? And is the public to be insulted still with the same ridiculous mummery ? The convenient consciences of the ministers , and of their sovereign , continually changing places , and alternately giving way to each other , with the greatest mutual politeness , between the principal actors in this disgusting scene , and nothing appearing to be forgotten , but the interests of the people . On behalf of the Petitioners , I do not call upon your lordships to come at once to the immediate grant of any further concession , to the immediate repeal of any of the still existing disabilities . The object of the motion , with which I shall conclude , is for enquiry only . Can any man be prepared to say , that in the long list of exclusions by which the Catholics still continue to be kept , in a state of marked and degraded contradistinction to the rest of their fellow subjects , there is not one , from which they may with perfect safety to the state , from which they ought to be relieved ? Is it possible , that there can be any one noble lord in this House , who is now prepared , at once and without the decency of some little previous consideration , to pass sentence of perpetual exclusion against them ; from every constitutional privilege , to the enjoyment of which they have not been admitted already . But the noble lord on the woolsack , in resisting , on a former occasion , a motion somewhat similar to the present , asked 516 your lordships , whether it was not absurd to charge those with whom he acted , with refusing to discuss the subject matter of the Catholic Petitions ? Was not the House , argued the noble and learned lord , then engaged