could be fully discussed . From what had fallen from the noble lord , it appeared that he was wholly unacquainted with the real nature of the Berlin Decree . The noble lord bad described it merely as a municipal regulation , and that of a nature by no means novel . In May , 1806 , in consequence of prior efforts of France to distress British commerce , the late government of this country issued orders to blockade ail the ports from Brest to the river Elbe . In the wisdom and justice of this order he perfectly concurred . At that period we had a naval power sufficient to enforce the blockade , and it was consistent with the law of nations to do so . The consequence was , however , the promulgation of the Berlin Decree . This Decree denied our right to take merchant ships at sea , who were endeavouring to violate the blockade . Was that not novel ? It declared that a blockade could extend only to fortified 1098 places , actually besieged , a denial extended by a subsequent explanation on the part of the duke of Cadore , to places besieged by land as well as by sea . Was that not novel ? It declared the British islands to be in a state of blockade , prohibited all continental intercourse with them , proclaimed all British subjects , wherever found , to be prisoners of war , and what was more extraordinary and unprecedented in the history of the world , all British merchandize , wherever found , to be forfeited . If British goods for instance were found on board of an American ship trading between America and China , by this Decree they were to be confiscated . Was all this not novel ? Was it a municipal regulation ? Nothing could be more unlike any former proceeding . He had often been told that the Berlin Decree was nugatory , and that our ships had traded after its promulgation as uninterruptedly as before it . He readily admitted , that from the time of its promulgation , in November , 1806 , until after the peace of Tilsit , in July , 1807 , the Berlin Decree did actually remain a dead letter ; because , during that time , the enemy had no means of enforcing it . But what followed ? Immediately that the peace of Tilsit placed his army at the disposal of the French emperor , he marched troops into all the ports of the continent , for the purpose of carrying the Berlin Decree into effect . This active operation of the Decree commenced in August , 1807 , and it was well known that two months afterwards no less than 65 British vessels returned , heavily laden , from Heligoland , having been unable to get rid of their cargoes . In consequence of this interruption of British commerce , the Order in Council of 1807 was issued , which recited that the former Order had been found ineffectual , and declared all the ports of Europe in a , state of rigorous blockade . This was followed in the succeeding month by the Milan Decree , which enacted that a neutral of any nation , having touched at an English port , or having allowed herself to be searched by an English ship , should for that act be denationalized , deprived of the protection of her king , and treated as English property . These were the two Decrees which the noble lord had characterized as having nothing new in them , nothing that had not been common in former wars ; which ought not to have put us on our defence , or led us to retaliate . In April , 1809 , the Orders in Council of 1807 were so modified as to confine the prohi- 1099 bition which they were issued to announce to France , and the countries immediately under her domination . This was followed by the Decree of Rambouillet , which confiscated all the American property within the grasp of France .