in one common cause , brothers in debate , brothers in risk and in perseverance , in the very hour too when they receive the accomplishment of their wishes , in the hour when their hearts are full , and when success has shewn them the strength of their co-operation , is it to be believed that they ( the badge of whose league , let us remember , emancipation will not supersede , nor oblivion wear away , ) will , so soon as the pasture is opened to them , mix indiscriminately with the herd ? Will they-become one with the mass of the people , and drop as water to water ? Will they not continue to feel as a party ? Will not the chords of their passions vibrate in unison ? Will they not be perpetually , dreaming that they are favoured or discountenanced as Catholics are advanced or passed over ? Will it be matter of indifference whether one of themselves or any other be selected ? More especially let us consider the lower orders . What exaggeration have they not heard of the importance of this acquisition ? What expectations have they not formed ? They have been taught to estimate the greatness of the boon by the measure of their own importunity . For my own part , I can not conceive but that it would be ground of murmur and complaint , if they do not themselves discover some sensible benefit . But how , if it should so happen , that none of their whole body be called into immediate notice ? Is it the part of a multitude to consider that ( however numerous ) yet bearing but a small proportion to the nation at large , the lot can but seldom be expected to fall amongst them ? No ; they will look to their own numbers ; they will reflect upon the four millions , and ( as 799 seems to be much the fashion upon that side of the question , ) they will forget the eleven . But they will sit down satisfied that they have nothing more to claim . Will they ? What ! have they none amongst them upon whom their eyes will more particularly be fixed ? Will they not be fixed upon those chosen leaders whom they have long supported and obeyed , whose names and services are familiar to them all , whom in gratitude , in allegiance almost , they must feel themselves bound to advance , and whose exaltation must appear their own ? We know how much every faction is disposed to magnify its leaders , and most of all a struggling faction ; ultimate success is not likely to diminish this high-conceived opinion . Then surely it will be matter of astonishment to those who think they have among them the most qualified and the most worthy , the most able and the most eloquent , should the door stand open , and yet upon looking in they should behold no brother Catholic welcomed into power . And will not this astonishment turn to suspicion and disgust and resentment ? Yes , it will turn , and will turn the most upon those who have laboured to encourage the delusion . For at present this measure seems only likely to take effect in the case of those gentlemen coming into office , who ( if we may judge from recent circumstances , ) are the most desirous to have it all to themselves . And in that case they will soon discover their ignorance of human nature , if they have conceived that such a multitude has been for years exerting all its strength for the attainment of a bare remote possibility , without any one definite expectation of substantial advantage . Let them congratulate themselves if , for a time at least , the ebb of their Catholic popularity is delayed , For , let the million , ( which is most unlikely ) be never so fickle , never so forgetful of its leaders , will those leaders be as forgetful of the