second reading of the Bill . would not go into the general question , but confine himself to that part of it which regarded Ireland . He collected from all sides , that it was not disputed that the measure of last session met with general approbation , and was looked at by the country with a very favourable eye . If this were true , and it was a measure resorted to for the protection of the subject , was it not natural to desire it to be extended to Ireland ? The only reason why it had not been extended to that country last session , had been justly stated by his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) . It arose from the anomaly existing in that country , which rendered it necessary to allow time for investigation , and for learning the actual state of the case . This anomaly , in having two prices , one for gold and the other for paper , did not , however , extend so far as was supposed . It was confined , as the noble lord had stated , to part of one province out of the four into which Ireland was divided . His noble friend had also fairly explained the nature of the difference arising out of the two per cent . formerly paid for the purchase of guineas by the tenant ; but the original cause might not , perhaps , be so generally known . If arose from the weavers having , for some reason or other , refused , soon after the establishment of the bank of Ireland , to take their notes in payment for webs . This rendered it necessary for landlords to guard themselves by the adoption of the practice in question , and the traffic in guineas had gone on till the price of gold became so much higher , in comparison with paper , that the evil remedied itself , and the practice was altogether abolished , except what remained between landlords and tenants . The exaction of gold for rent had , of late , become so crying an evil , that if it had not been for the measure of last session , and the prospect held out that it would soon be extended to Ireland , they would have heard such a cry from the North , to protect the tenant against the landlord , that no government could resist it . In what condition , he asked , would they be , if they ( the Irish tenantry ) were exposed to the 205 caprice of any avaricious landlord , while they protected the people here ? It would be said , in Ireland , that when one solitary instance of a landlord 's wishing to exact this mode of payment occurred , the legislature , as it were , by acclamation , hastened to extend their protection , while they left the people of Ireland to suffer , as they now did , in many parts of the north . He would not now enquire , whether the measure was right and politic for England ; but if it was thought right and politic in this country , he demanded it equally for Ireland . He did not wish to disguise the fact , that it would be an inconvenience on landlords , who had let their lands to be paid in gold , and he would be ready to lend himself to any remedy that might be proposed to accommodate the interests of this class , who were , however , only an exception to the general rule . The inconvenience , too , it ought to be recollected , would be nothing , when compared with the evils remedied . He had understood an hon . gentleman , to insinuate some suspicion of the solvency of the bank of Ireland.— ( A general cry of No ! no ! ) Was it so or not ? — ( Mr. Smith signified that it was not . ) Then he would not press the subject , but conclude , by saying ,