, who that reflects on the extensive literary acquirements of that inimitable genius the late professor Porson , to whom even a Parr could deign to concede the prize of scholarship , will venture to maintain that by birth , however obscure , a man can be incapacitated from reaching the heights of fame ! How beautifully does Gray contradict the assertion of the hon . and learned gentleman , when in pondering over the records of the dead , he states the probability that opportunity alone had been wanting to have enabled many of the lowly villagers to obtain in their time monuments in the temple of fame , `` Some village Hampden , that with dauntless breast , . `` The little tyrant of his fields withstood , `` Some mule inglorious Milton here may rest , `` Some Cromwell guiltless of his country 's blood . '' Sir , it is our boast that to England the assertion of the hon . and learned gentleman will not apply.—It is my boast that to England the assertion of the hon . and learned gentleman will not apply . To those who live under a free government it is inapplicable , unhappily the case is the reverse in despotic countries . We have seen a terrible example of this in our own times—we have seen in a neighbouring nation the dreadful effects of the efforts of those who were compelled to break their bonds , before they could shew their powers , and we have witnessed the convulsions that were the consequences of their original exclusion from a participation in the privileges of their countrymen . But , perhaps , the hon . and learned gentleman may protest against its being considered that his assertion was general : he may wish to 994 confine it to Ireland and to Irishmen . What , Sir , have Irishmen even of the lowest order no talent ? Is not talent indigenous to the soil of Ireland ? Is not Irish talent proverbial ? Does not talent flourish with the shamrock in every vale and on every mountain , in every field and mead of that delightful country ? I remember in the early discussions upon the Slave Trade it was said that negroes had not the same intellect as Europeans , and therefore ought to be enslaved ; but little did I expect to hear it asserted that Irishmen had not the same intellect as Britons , and therefore ought to be restrained . God 's Image disinherited of Day Here plunged in mines , forget a sun was made . There beings deathless as their haughty lord Are hammered to the galling oar for life , And plough the winter wave , and reap despair ! Such is the doom which the hon . and learned gentleman would pronounce upon the lower class of the people of Ireland , such the seed he would compel them to sow , and such the harvest he would compel them to reap , sir , in our conduct to the Irish Catholics , there is something very like insanity . We profess to be afraid of them . We dare not admit them to our fleets and armies . We can not trust them as counsellors or commanders . But our practice is in palpable contradiction to our affected alarm . The ranks of that army now led so gloriously by an illustrious chief , who if he has yet failed in altogether securing the peninsula from the possession of the enemy , has failed only because such an achievement seems impracticable . The ships of that navy which triumphs every where over the fleets of the foe , is yet from unavoidable causes unable to prevent the silent and gradual , but not less certain growth of his maritime strength—those ranks and those ships are filled with Irish Catholics . At the instant I am speaking is not this Great Britain overspread with the Irish Catholics in consequence of the interchange legally effected by the proposition of these ministers themselves of the militias of the two countries ? Are not our naval