the reverse of what he now recommended . He was sure , if consistency were to be found in any individual , his noble friend could not object to the adoption of a similar course on the present occasion . must protest against any comparison of the importance of the question in 1793 , and at the present period . At that time there did not exist that great , immense , and extensive difference of opinion which now evidently existed . The question then was , whether it were proper to continue , for a limited time , the system then in existence . At present the strongest difference was manifested , as appeared by the numerous Petitions and applications to the legislature from every part of the country . Those who , on the former occasion , were of opinion that no change ought to be made , might have considered the period of the session at which they came forward , abundantly sufficient for agitating the operation ; in that point of view might , on the same principle , now consider a similar period for discussion totally insufficient . Whatever the difference of opinion might be upon almost all other points , they were all decided that a great and effectual change must take place in the whole system ; a consideration which would bear no comparison with the mere question of continuance . But there was another consideration which it was impossible any noble lord could overlook , namely , that which was presented by a view of the distresses of the country , by the cries and lamentations of their fellow subjects for opening new markets , when the trade and commerce of the country were in the lowest and most distressed situation ever known—a situation to which the weak and wretched policy of ministers had reduced them . said he must be allowed to observe , that there was no disposition whatever , nor any reason to suppose there was , on the part of the King 's servants , to avoid any course of proceeding that would give to parliament and to the country the fullest opportunities of deliberating on the subject in question . Even if the course adverted to was adopted , it would still be at the option of any noble lord to bring forward any of the great branches of the subject under separate discussion . With respect to what was said of the occasion in 1793 , if he were not mistaken , there were also at that time the strongest representations from all the manufacturing towns , soliciting that the trade might then be thrown open to the country at large ; and an arrangement had been proposed , by which it was thought that considerable benefits in the way of trade might be derived by individuals 1080 through the medium of the Company . He was far from being insensible to all the difficulties and dangers of the present moment ; but this was the first time he ever heard the year 1793 pointed out as one of great prosperity . On the contrary , it might be doubted , whether there was ever a period in which the universal commercial distresses of the country were greater than at that very period . contended , that a great and striking difference existed in the state of the question at present , and at the period of 1793 . They had not then , as now , a prospect of India being a burthen upon the finances of the country . A noble marquis , then in his eye , had most ably demonstrated the great benefits which would result from a free trade to India ; the military and political parts of the question also constituted an essential difference . Neither was there any comparison between the state of this country at the period alluded to and at the present time . observed , that ministers continued to say , that there was every disposition on their part that this most important subject should have the fullest discussion , but still they delayed bringing forward