to visit him , and on her arrival at the quarters of the regiment , she met his body carried by his comrades to the grave , he having died in consequence of the severity of his punishment.—Was the House then to be told that there existed no grounds for instituting any enquiry ? The right hon . and learned gentleman seemed to think , that it was a kind of indecorous proceeding for the House of Commons to interfere at all with what might be said to fall under the exercise of the royal prerogative . This was a doctrine about the unconstitutional nature of which it was not necessary to say any thing ; but he would ask whether the crown could carry into effect any one of the articles of war , or keep alive the army or its discipline without 378 the previous consent and sanction of that House ? What then was it but a most flimsy pretence , a weak and miserable subterfuge , to talk of the slur or the implied censure which the motion conveyed with respect to those who had entrusted to them the management of the army ? The right hon . and learned gentleman had bestowed abundant panegyric on the con duct of the Commander in Chief , and sup posing it all to be perfectly applicable and well merited , it was at the same time altogether beside the present question . He had no doubt that the Commander in Chief , as well as other military men , were possessed of humane sentiments , but habit in time got the better of those tender feelings ; and if it did not entirely eradicate them , imperceptibly blunted and subdued them.—The right hon . gentleman talked of no case having been made out , but he would assert on the contrary , that there was a profusion of evidence which he himself was prepared to produce , in proof of all he had stated , and all of which concurred to establish one conclusion , that the punishment was inhuman , had been often inhumanly exercised , and was at once repugnant to the dictates of reason , justice , and humanity . The right hon . and learned gentleman , however , treated all this with levity , and betrayed an indifference of manner , and coldness of feeling—that seemed to him utterly inconsistent with a due sense or correct comprehension of the infernal nature of the infliction . He seemed to treat the subject as a boy might be expected to treat the whipping of a puppy dog . He himself looked at it in another light , and in its real colours . He saw it unite a degree of torture , with a still greater degree of ignominy and shame , which it was scarcely possible to imagine that human beings could have devised , except from the motive of imitating the supposed torments of the damned . Was it remembered that the instrument of torture was the cat-of-nine-tails , that when the wretched victim was fixed to the halberts in order to have the flesh torn from his bones , each separate lash inflicted nine stripes , every one of which was capable of drawing blood from the body ! But in his opinion , horrible as the punishment was in point of the bodily torture which it created , its effects upon the moral feelings of shame and honourable pride , were still more grievous and deplorable . It was the disgrace which never could be obliterated , that in his 379 mind formed the most important part of the evil . And for what offences was this torment , was this irrecoverable degradation frequently inflicted ? He had heard of one case , in which a man was sentenced to be flogged for having married . Thus arbitrary was the power of these military tribunals , thus capricious was its exercise . But the right hon . and learned gentleman was positive that no abuses had taken place . Why then refuse the returns , if it were only to establish