proceed to legislate . For myself , I have no scruple to acknowledge , that , in such an enquiry , I should wish to see a due regard paid to the opinions of the principal clergy of the Roman Catholic communion , with respect to the interests of that Church . I have nothing more at heart , than that the arrangement should be made in the way which would be best calculated to uphold the authority and influence of the Catholic clergy , as well as of the persons of rank and property in that communion , over the people of their own persuasion . Any thing that should shake the confidence of the Catholic population in their ecclesiastical teacher , would , in my eyes , be the most terrible of all evils . I am not able , in the present state of human affairs , to bring myself to tremble at the power of the Pope . Any danger which I see , is from another side . A right hon . and learned civilian , ( sir John Nicholl , ) in a debate which occurred in an early part of the session , has expressed much fear , not only of the Pope , but of the new philosophy , by which term , I presume , the learned gentleman meant to describe the adversaries of religious establishments , who are not always very good friends to civil establishments . From the latter quarter I confess I am not without my apprehensions . But bow would I pro- 874 pose to guard against such a danger ? By endeavouring to unite all those in affection who ate united in the belief of the great principles of the Christian religion , and who are friendly to Christian establishments . Let the Church open wide her gates of toleration : —cherish religion : —the Catholic religion ( the fact is beyond dispute ) is the creed of the great majority of the Irish nation . Let us , then , improve the means we have . More than two centuries of experiment has shewn us the futility of our attempts at proselytism by the means of restrictive laws . By our perseverance in that course , we may make bad Christians and bad subjects , but we shall not obtain one convert to the established Church . There is no man more zealously and faithfully attached to the interests of that Church than I am : I wish to see it great , splendid , powerful , and permanent ; but I can not persuade myself that we are supporting the Church by rendering her establishment odious to several millions of our fellow-subjects . We have allied ourselves with the Catholics of Spain and of Portugal : let us also form an alliance with our Catholic brethren at home . In many points of ecclesiastical polity and discipline we agree with the Roman Catholic Church ; and I am convinced that , by prudent management we might long ago have converted that polity and that discipline into an invincible rampart round the Protestant Church and the Protestant State , against the common enemy . When we attempted violently to tear men from the religion of their early habits and education , we shook to their very foundation all public morals , and left in the minds of the people a fearful chasm which we can not fill with the precise materials with which it might be our desire to supply it . By the system of policy which we have pursued in Ireland , instead of supporting the established Church , we have been destroying and tearing to pieces materials which might have risen into a tower of strength to it in the hour of its peril . In stating these opinions , I beg I may not be understood as representing that the concession of the Catholic claims is the only measure necessary to promote the concord and repose of Ireland . A judicious and well adjusted arrangement with regard to tithes is also a matter intimately connected with the tranquillity and welfare of