that there are very various opinions upon the subject on the same side of the House . How are you to decide upon this matter ? —But what are the peculiar doctrines of the Roman Catholics of Ireland ? Who knows what they are ? Did not the hon . gentleman address the House as if he professed to give information of what those peculiarities were ? — [ Mr. Foster . `` No . `` ] —Then the hon . gentleman can not give us information : —and yet he refuses us to institute an enquiry upon the subject ! I certainly thought that the information which the hon . gentleman gave us decided his own vote , and was intended to decide the votes of all other men conversant upon the subject . In the same manner it is , that he has proposed to inform us of the bad system of education in Maynooth college . He stated , that the information he had received respecting the system of education adopted at Maynooth , was one reason why the House should decide against the present motion . [ Mr. Foster . `` No . '' ] If I am wrong again , I can only lament my unfortunate incapacity to understand the hon . gentleman . I must therefore only take a middle course , and suppose that the House has received that information ; and without forming any opinion one way or the other , seriously call upon the House , to enter into so fit a subject of enquiry , in order that they may know what are the tenets of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , at the present day . Then the hon . gentleman says , that the priesthood of Ireland possess more influence than the Catholic priethood do in other countries . Perhaps they do . But to what , I would ask , is it to be ascribed ? Why , it is to be ascribed to the disabilities they are subject to ; but much more to the grievous penalties under which they laboured not long since . Driven to despair by cruel enactments passed against them , they found protection only in their religion ; and to this must be ascribed the influence of the clergy , who ministring to the comforts of their flock , and healing their wounded feelings , a warm affection 942 and esteem naturally ensued . There never was a country in which the clergy , when persecuted , did not obtain an influence over their flocks . It is natural that they should ; because the risks they run , and the hardships to which they are exposed , cause them to be venerated as saints and as martyrs . Shall we , then , after giving this ascendancy to the clergy by our impolitic and cruel acts , I am not speaking of the laws of this day , but those that were in force not many years ago—shall we , for this reason , continue the unjust disabilities which still remain , and thus punish them for that which is in truth the work of our own hands ? I would ask too , whether this very assertion , that the Roman Catholic priesthood of Ireland have an influence greater than is possessed by priests in any other parts of the world , is not of itself a fit subject of enquiry . A great deal has been said , upon this and former questions , respecting the danger that there is in suffering a priesthood , the tenets of whose religion are hostile to the established religion of the stale , to remain even in spiritual dependance upon a foreign power . I can not imagine how any gentleman who has the free use of his understanding—I do not mean it offensively to any man , —but how any man who allows himself the free use of his faculties , can see any such danger at present . Whatever danger was to be dreaded formerly from Popery in Ireland , I am confident that there is none now .