and was one of the motives to the glorious resistance made against that misguided monarch ; but that very circumstance makes the omission of any mention of these laws in the declaratory part of the Bill of Rights , the more remarkable ; and proves the more forcibly , that though the statute law of the land , such test laws were not in the contemplation of the great men who effected the Revolution , any part of the ancient necessary and unalterable constitution of the country . For though James 2 had broken those laws , though contrary to their letter and their spirit , he had admitted Catholics and Dissenters to places of trust and profit , and dispensed with those oaths which the law exacted from them . Yet , in vindicating the rights of the people , the Bill of Rights does not declare that the Test Act must be perpetual , that it can never be repealed , that places of trust and profit , that seats in parliament , that political power is essentially Protestant , and so forth . No : not one word of all this in the declaratory part of the Bill : it confines itself to the simple declaration in these two articles : 1st . That the pretended power of suspending of laws , or the execution of laws by regal authority , without consent of parliament , is illegal . 2dly . That the pretended power of dispensing with laws , or the execution of laws , by regal authority , as it hath been affirmed and exercised of late , is illegal . It lays no stress on the particular character of the laws , suspended or dispensed , 701 but simply denies the power in the king of suspending , or dispensing with laws , in as much as they are laws . Formerly , though not to-night , I have heard the noble and learned lord say , those laws were felt to be fundamental at the Union with Scotland ; and yet then a notion was made to render them so ; and was rejected by a large majority of this House . The fact is , these very laws , and many others , to which my noble friend 's motion is directed , were not in force in that part of the united kingdom , on which they have since most severely pressed , when the Bill of Rights was passed ; and since that period they have been varied , added to , repealed , and altered , in both countries , in a manner quite inconsistent with the notion of their being so sacred and fundamental as the learned lord wish- '' d to represent them . In England , from Henry 8 till late in Charles 2 's reign , that is , during the period in which the Reformation prevailed over the old establishments , no such laws have existed . Catholics might , Catholics did , sit in parliament ; Catholics might . Catholics did , hold offices of trust and profit ; and the Protestant Church grew into an establishment , without these fundamental Jaws which are now , forsooth , held to be absolutely interwoven with her existence . Nay , the laws on this subject , either existing , or made at the time of the Revolution , are not the same as are now in force : some been have added since ; others have been repealed : all have been altered , varied , or applied , either by law , or usage , in a way incompatible with the character of sacred , unalterable , and fundamental laws of our constitution . In Ireland they were known at that time ; and the Test Act now exists there no longer . So far from forming part of the settlement of that kingdom , the capitulation of Limerick , by which the kingdom was recovered and secured , contained a solemn stipulation that these laws , which are now called fundamental , ( but which have been varied and altered perpetually since