of overawing them ? Was this a principle to be maintained ? Did any one ever hear a minister coolly assert it ? But the right hon . gentleman disapproved of the idea of applying any of the warehouses of Liverpool to the purpose of accommodating the military . He who had made the loom useless , and the warehouse idle , who had spread starvation and discontent , had disapproved of that which to him appeared a natural course of proceeding—that of filling the warehouses with soldiers for the purpose of controuling the people under the inflictions he had brought on them and on the country . But it had been said , that there were French prisoners at Bristol . He would answer , so there had for the last twenty years . But even if the right hon . gentleman had been endeavouring to make the expence come up to an hundred millions , did he think , or could he think , that for three years more the country could go on as it was now going ? If things proceeded as they were now proceeding , if expences continued to accumulate , and means to diminish , they must look for relief to a peace with the enemy , a peace which his measures had rendered unavoidable . In the transactions of past years he saw many great and glorious opportunities of ending this war neglected and lost , while , at present , the system of the right hon . gentleman was calculated to produce the necessity of peace by submission . But why was it necessary that the horse and the soldier should be more together now than at any other time ? Did any reason exist now that did not exist before , why the soldier and the general population of the country should be kept apart , or why barracks , which he had always regarded in conformity with the opinions of the most constitutional authorities , as fortresses for controuling the kingdom , should be multiplied and enlarged ? As to the policy of it , merely with regard to the soldier , he understood that when the men were on service , those who came from regular barracks , were not so healthful as others , so that even military purposes were not likely to be served by it . One of the most lavish expences under this head was incurred by the purchase of old houses at Clifton , in a ruined state , without a window ; but now we were going back to Bristol again , to guard the French prisoners . Would to God that they were all out of this country , whether we continue 307 at war or not ! The hon . gentleman concluded , with repeating his determination to vote against the resolution . said , that the hon . gentleman must be positive indeed upon the subject , and confirmed in the opinion he had formed , when he thought it right not only to censure the conduct of his Majesty 's government , but to vote against the Resolutions before the Committee . in explanation , stated , that his objection went only to the grant for building barracks . proceeded to observe , that to refuse it without knowing whether the soldiers could be otherwise accommodated , might be productive of much inconvenience . He supposed , however , that by the debating strain which the hon . gentleman had thought proper to adopt , and the topics to which he had resorted , he expected to do much towards tranquillizing the country . When he brought forward his arguments attributing the starvation he described to the conduct of government , did he really think there was any thing in their manner of conducting the war against France , which operated to produce the scarcity at Liverpool ? Did he think there was any thing in it to call down the vengeance of Providence on our heads , and provoke him to deny the harvest to our hopes ? If not , how could the hon . gentleman