the year before , 66,000,000l . and the preceding year , 49,000,000l . Many of the present difficulties might be traced to this unnatural , and as he might call it , diseased and gigantic success , which recoiled back upon the merchants and manufacturers . There was something in the very prosperity of this country , which rendered it more liable to such difficulties , by rendering the individuals less willing to leave their own trades for others . The direct trade with the United States of America , he would allow , was diminished by the unfortunate commercial hostility ; but the exports to the other parts of America had risen in proportion , so that the general trade across the Atlantic did not suffer . Notwithstanding the policy of the emperor of France , there was much of the trade of France now open to us , and even in the last year , when the pressure was the severest , we contrived to convey to the continent of Europe exports to the value 1110 of 18 millions sterling . He entreated that gentlemen would not throw out loose and general allusions upon this subject , calculated to embitter the feelings of those who suffered under difficulties which the remedy proposed must aggravate rather than diminish . He was glad that enquiry was to take place , but wished his assent to the motion to be considered not as any unwise disposition to surrender the rights of the country , but merely as a desire to shew the people that there was no intention to deceive them . said , that nothing that had fallen from the noble lord should tempt him for a moment to deviate from his resolution of saying nothing upon the question till they had come out from the enquiry , which could alone , in his mind , render them competent to speak upon it . He deprecated , however , the exulting tone adopted by the noble lord in speaking of what the noble lord was pleased to term the prosperity of our commerce . As to the meaning put by the noble lord upon his own vote , it appeared rather inconsistent , that if that noble lord and his friends thought that the Orders in Council were not to be abandoned , they should vote to send those measures , as it were , to their trial , by voting to refer them to the consideration of a committee . It was , he thought , practising a gross delusion upon the public , to hold out to them a shew of relief if none whatever was ultimately intended . He could not divine the motives which had at length , after such a manifesto as they had lately issued , induced the ministers—to use no more invidious terms—induced the ministers to agree to the committee . He expressed a wish that the committee might be gone into tomorrow , and continue to sit from day to day , deferring all other less urgent business until the present was disposed of . in opposition to what had fallen from the hon . and learned gentleman , denied that it was the intention of ministers that the Orders in Council should be put on their trial in the committee . The question to be there examined was , whether any part of the commercial distress complained of , was owing to them , and not whether the policy which dictated them was founded upon right or wrong principles , notwithstanding the petitioners from Birmingham had ventured to decide the question , by asserting that the government had overturned the clearest principles of national law . After the wiss 1111 and strong declaration of ministers on the subject just published , it would indeed appear inconsistent if they were to assent to the motion without entering their protest against the supposition that they concurred , because they entertained the slightest doubt as to the propriety of persisting in the Orders in Council . It was a foul libel to assert , that the Orders in Council had been resorted to for