which those sufferings were produced . It was not enough to give them a debate as an answer . The hardware manufactories were carried on by about 70,000 persons , not persons brought from the field , but men of skill , who had undergone a regular apprenticeship . If these men were sent to recruit our army , or to till the ground , that force would be irrecoverably disbanded , which was necessary to the working of the manufactories . At present the master manufacturers kept them working a little at the reduced wages of 12s . a-week , instead of from 25s . to 35s . This was not confined to Birmingham ; in Leeds and other places they would find thousands out of employment . In Manchester alone , the poor who received relief from the parishes amounted to 25,000 persons , one-fourth of the population . As to the impropriety of allowing a committee on the subject , he would only ask , why might not the Orders in Council go before a select Committee as well as the question relating to the West India interests , in which evidence was gone into as to the evils that would arise from a war with America ? That was a precedent which in a matter of such importance as the present , the House was called on to follow . He would tell the right hon . gentleman a remedy for the evils which now existed : —repeal the Orders in Council as far as regarded America , and if that did not satisfy her , it would at least satisfy the people of this country , that every thing had been done consistently with the safety of the realms . Then the House would be met by the affections of the country , not by such symptoms of discontent as had lately burst forth . He conjured the right hon . gentleman not to refuse enquiry to a petitioning nation , when they came to the House with cries and groans . He warned him that he would not be suffered—the nation would not allow him to go to war with America , more than they would suffer Mr. Pitt to do so . The right hon . gentleman might not wish to take this warning , but he was bold enough to predict , that many months would not pass before he would be convinced of the truth of it . said , he did not rise to discuss the policy and expediency of the Orders in Council , which would soon come under the consideration of parliament ; that it had not come sooner , the hon . 438 gentleman must bear his portion of responsibility . For he deprecated the idea of calling the attention of the House from the true ground of the question , and imputing an inattention in government to the public misfortune . His right hon . friend had not said there was no commercial distress , but by comparing the trade and manufactures of the country with their state in former periods , had shewn that the evil was not so great as it was represented . The cotton manufactory had arisen to such a state of prosperity , as to export to the amount of from 12 to 18 millions in one year . The natural consequence of this was to bear on the other exports . Was it fair to endeavour to give this country a dislike to the war , when the war could not be prevented ; and was it not proper , with a view to obviating such a result , to shew that the depression of trade did not exist to such an extent as had been stated ? He maintained that our gain by America upon the surrender of the Orders in Council , would be trifling in comparison with our loss of the trade of the continent , which would follow such a step . He believed , that the impressions out of doors were greatly exaggerated . Many parts , he would allow , suffered ; but it