be put in competition with the general comfort and support of the people , yet the nation would thus be doubly pressed , in the first place by the deprivation of grain , and in the next , by defalcation in the revenue . The real question to be decided , is , whether by adopting the measure , any relief would be afforded ? The hon . gentleman has not communicated to me a single idea with which my mind has not been long deeply impressed , and if he can suggest a proposition which would be really effectual , nothing will give me greater pleasure than to support it . I am persuaded that he now introduced the subject with the most generous and patriotic feeling , but I would advise him well to weigh the practical effects which have been produced on former occasions by the mere statement of theoretical calculations , again rising , observed , that there being no question before the House , he doubted much the propriety of continuing the conversation . said , he should give notice of a motion to the House on the subject . He did not mean to charge the right hon . gentleman with supineness on the present occasion particularly , but the importation of last year ought to have shewn the necessity of an enquiry into the best means of obviating it in future . He had no doubt , but that the present scarcity of 278 specie was in a great degree owing to the bullion sent out of the country to pay for the grain , of which 8,000,000 worth had been imported in the last year . An alteration of the importation price would have effected the object . With regard to the measure which he had recommended , that it was practicable was certain , and in the north the larger portion of the population lived upon no other kind of bread than such as the Act of which he advised the revival would produce . His letters received that morning from Cumberland informed him , that wheat had risen no less than 30s . per quarter . He gave notice , that unless some circumstance should occur to alter his resolution , he would on Monday move for a Committee to inquire into the present causes of the high price of grain . begged to ask a right hon . gentleman opposite , if the Irish Militia officers had been yet exempted from the payment of the property tax . replied , that in future they should be so exempt , and that whoever had paid property tax in the Irish Militia should have it refunded . said , that when the Bill for the interchange of the militia was before the House , the right hon . gentleman positively stated that they should be exempted- denied his having made any such statement . persevered in his declaration ; and added , that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had concurred in the statement . assured the right hon . baronet , that as far as his recollection served him , what was said , when the Bill was before the House , was , that the officers generally should be exempt from the assessed taxes . When the right hon . baronet said , that he understood it in another way , certainly the right hon . baronet must think so ; but he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) was persuaded that it had been just as he now stated it . When the Bill was pending , he looked upon the Irish officers in the light of persons compelled to be resident here , and therefore liable to pay taxes only accordingly . Arrangements were , however , now made completely calculated to remove every ground of complaint on the part of the officers . quoted the words em- 279 ployed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the occasion alluded to . remarked , that the exemption applied to the property of the officers , and not to their pay . In consequence