this ground ; that all the great body of the Catholics are intent upon this question , and eager to press forward to the possession of power . But I do not think the measure would be productive of those benefits either to the happiness or the tranquillity of the Catholic body , which its advocates seem to anticipate . The object of the motion , 828 Sir , is to render the higher order of Catholics in Ireland eligible to offices in the state from which they are now excluded ; but I do not see how this can affect , or have any reference to the civil or religious liberty of the great body of Catholic population ; nor do I think the great body of the Catholics are at all interested . It could confer no benefit upon the great class of Irish peasantry , for their circumstances , like Protestant subjects of the same rank , would exclude them from any participation in those advantages to which it is now proposed to render Catholics eligible . Their habits of life and education must debar them from any advantages likely to accrue to the higher orders . Does any man imagine that the peasantry of that country feel any interest in this question ? They now can , in point of fact , have the free enjoyment of the exercise of their religion , and the protection of any property they may acquire . The law does all it can for persons in their condition of life , although they , like others , may sometimes have reason to complain of temporary sufferings . I do not think the situation of the Catholics of Ireland materially different from their Protestant fellow-subjects of the same rank in this respect ; but that they are at present fully competent to enjoy with the same freedom , all the comforts and privileges of their rank ; and it would , in fact , seem to me , rather offering an insult to the Catholic population to-propose rendering them eligible to situations which they are never likely to enjoy . If the Catholics stand in need of consolation , it must proceed from a very different source than rendering them eligible to hold offices in the state , which they are morally incapacitated from fulfilling ; and I think . Sir , the measure is not calculated to conciliate the minds of the Catholics ; and I ask , would it be palatable to the great body of Protestants ? In answer to this , Sir , I may be referred to some petitions on your table , said to come from a considerable portion of the Protestants of Ireland , in favour of this measure . But , Sir , notwithstanding the arguments I have heard founded on this circumstance , yet I am convinced that a much larger proportion of his Majesty 's Protestant subjects in this empire are completely averse to it , contemplate it with alarm , and sincerely deprecate it , as affecting the very existence of their constitution ; and therefore . Sir , I am far from thinking it competent to produce the unanimity which gentlemen 829 so confidently anticipate . Having stated my opinion , Sir , that this measure would not produce the consequences so ardently expected from it , I hope I may be indulged with the liberty of stating some of the dangers which think more likely to arise from it . In the first place , Sir , it appears to me , that dangers very alarming to our establishment , may arise from granting political power to so large a portion of his Majesty 's subjects , professing such implicit submission to the court of Rome . There is a bigotry and intolerance in the doctrines of that Church hostile to all other religions ; and when I consider that the Catholics of Ireland are under the direction of a priesthood who deny all controul from his Majesty 's government , and maintain the most abject submission to the Pope as head of their Church ; I can