he wished to enter into with Mr. Foster , a man who was an honour and an ornament to his country , who was one of its best friends , and one of the best men , and one of the truest patriots it ever produced . The right hon . gentleman knew little , indeed , of him , if he could suspect him of being actuated by any unworthy motives of rivalship towards Mr. Foster.—The right hon . gentleman , however , disapproved of the increase of the duty upon spirits ; he supposed that the right hon . gentleman did not know how the proposition for doubling the duly had been received by his friends who sat around him , that they had expressed the strangest approbation of it , as a measure calculated to improve the health , the morals , and the industry of the people of Ireland , and that it had not met with one dissentient voice in that House . Mr . Pole then adverted to that part of the right hon . gentleman 's speech which relate , to the propriety of proceeding by proclamation rather than by Bill , and entered into a detailed account of the process under which the grain went previous to distillation , in order to shew that a considerable portion of the stock of grain which the distillers had , could not be rendered serviceable for consumption as food , even if the distilleries were immediately stopped . He contended , therefore , that it would be as useless to the country as it would be oppressive upon the distillers to stop them immediately . He should recommend the adoption of the plan which had been followed in this country on a similar occasion , and should propose to stop the distilleries on the 4th of next mouth , by which 715 time the distillers would be able to work off the grain that was in a state of preparation , and to allow them a fortnight to work off their worts and wash—He wished before he sat down to notice another inaccuracy in the statement of the right hon . gentleman , who had said , that 50,000 barrels of grain were used weekly in the distilleries ; the actual consumption did not exceed 35,000 barrels a week . He wished also to take this opportunity of doing justice to the Irish distillers , who had uniformly conducted themselves in the most exemplary manner , ever since his attention had been directed from his official situation to their proceedings , and he should have acted most unjustly towards them , if , to gain a little popularity , he had put an immediate stop to the distilleries . He never would propose a measure that appeared to him to be unjust and oppressive , to gratify public clamour , or to acquire popularity for himself . He should conclude what he had to say , by asking the right hon . gentleman , why , if he thought three weeks ago that this measure was necessary to preserve Ireland from a famine , he had not come over , and stated his opinion to the House ; or at least , why he had not written over to some of his friends upon the subject ? But he supposed the right hon . gentleman had some duty to perform , which he considered paramount to that of attending to the distresses of the people of Ireland . Mr . Pole concluded with moving , as an amendment to the right hon . gentleman 's motion , to leave out all the words after the word `` that , '' and to insert these words : `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive and continue , for a time to be limited , so much of the Act of the 49th of the King , for the prohibition of the distillation from grain , as referred to that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland . '' did not think it would be safe to allow so long a period