be taken away , we should shortly wonder how we could so warmly differ on such , in fact , slight religious differences . In fact , it is my firm opinion , but for the disabilities imposed on the Catholics , there would be no more fear from Catholicism to the Established Church than from any other sect : I will add , if the Church lay aside old prejudices they might perceive other dangers , and perhaps less remote than from the parent religion . For one convert made from the Church by the Catholics twenty are lost by the assiduity of others ; and I am convinced were the Established Church even now attacked and seriously in danger , the Catholics would , as heretofore , be found rather amongst its allies and defenders , than amongst its enemies . So strongly do I believe this to be fact , that I always regret the opportunity lost not long since , when , by the impious madness of the de-mocratical rulers of France , revealed religion itself was attacked through the Catholics , and whilst we were literally guarding from danger the head of their Church , it was not tried whether it was not practicable by the means of a general council , to have closed a schism which has given cause of triumph to the enemies of Christianity ; and which might once more have ended in the harmony and union of the whole Christian Church , now so unfortunately split and divided . But supposing an union of the parent and reformed religions at present , to be impracticable ; as an union of governments has taken place between the two islands , I urge there is now no one solid argument or reasonable apprehension of danger , that can be fairly urged against giving their share of political power to the Catholics . Scotland is an example that on an union 's taking place—Sir , I perceive the impatience of the House for the question , and I will detain them but a very short time , omitting going into any detail . To extricate Ireland from the peculiar situation in which she stood , four-fifths of her population Catholics , and 954 perhaps an equal majority of the talents acquired by learning , and of personal and real property Protestant , was one main reason with me for wishing an union between the two islands . I look on the Union as even the palladium of Ireland , because I conceive whilst in their own parliament the boroughs remained in the hands they were , an equality of rights would never have been carried , nor would a king of England ever have given consent to the equalization of the Catholics , before an union , had it even been consented to in Ireland ; and the worst of civil and religious wars would probably have taken place . I think it the palladium of Ireland , because an union having taken place , every solid , nay even plausible argument , against giving their share of power to the Catholics , has fallen to the ground , and sooner or later , ( and now I think soon , if they mar not the prospect ) they will obtain their proportion . I will not enlarge , Sir ; this was in effect promised them : it is a debt of honour , and should be paid . I know , now , this promise is often denied , and we are called on to produce it : I must admit our opposers may with Shylock plead , `` it is not in the bond . '' I do not see the clause in the bond . If , Sir , persons high in power were silent , their derivitives were not so ; and gentlemen in general deceived themselves , or deceived others . It was by myself , in common with numbers , held out to our tenantry , to our neighbours and friends , that as all plausible arguments against giving their share of power to the Catholics