. spoke against the measure , as belonging to a line of policy calculated to throw the country into a state of instability . acknowledged that the principles of political economy were strongly against the Bill , while it was supported by reasons of immediate expediency . Where there was only a choice of difficulties , he would submit to that which appeared the more tolerable , and in that view should support the Bill going into a committee . thought if it did not extend to Ireland that it would tend to the oppression of that country ; on which account he would give his full support to the measure . saw many things in those Estimates , which appeared to him to require a great deal of explanation . New buildings which would bring on a very considerable expence , appeared in one part of the accounts to be ordered by the Commander-in-Chief , and in another part of them , he was at a loss to know whether the whole of this expence was now to be submitted to parliament . The expence of the Estimates for building barracks , appeared to be regularly increasing without any apparent cause . After adverting to the expences of the new buildings at Bexhill , he made several observations on the estimate of the new barrack projected to be built in what was called the Regent 's Park . This barrack , which was only intended for the second regiment of Life Guards , was to cost 138,000l . Now it did appear to him that it was an enormous 302 sum to call for in the present times for the lodging of a single regiment of horse . He could not well conceive a more profligate waste of the public money . At Liverpool it was also proposed to build a barrack for 1,000 men , at the estimated expence of 82,000l . A new stable at Brighton was to cost 26,000l . ; and a new barrack at Bristol for 800 men , was estimated at 60,000l . These were very large items , and required explanation . said , it was true that many new barracks had been proposed to be built in 1811 ; but as it was not now intended to build them , the estimated ex-pence of course was not stated in the present accounts . The estimates were only of those buildings now in progress , and which were intended to be completed . The expence of buildings was in one schedule , and that of repairs and alterations would be found in another . The regiment of Life Guards had hitherto kept their horses in rented barracks in King-street , but the term was expired , and if they were to be kept in barracks at all , it was necessary that they should be built . At Brighton the stables formerly used by the troops were in a most dilapidated state , and it was necessary , if troops were to be kept there at all , that new stables should be built . The necessity of building the barracks in the neighbourhood of Bristol arose from the circumstance of there being a considerable depot of French prisoners in the neighbourhood , amounting to eight or ten thousand men . If the necessity for the buildings was admitted , he would say that greater economy or more diligent superintendence could not be used with respect to the expence . Those who were accustomed to barrack estimates for many years , would perceive that the present was not higher than was usual , and , in point of fact , the contract was generally much within the original estimate . did not mean to throw the least imputation on the Barrack Board , who were obliged to obey the directions of government . The sums , however , did appear to him to be very exorbitant . said , that notwithstanding the explanation which had been given , he could not feel satisfied . He remembered , that when he was at the Treasury , it had been proposed to build a