are inseparable and immutable parts of our constitution , I think it will require very little elocution to shew to your lordships , not only that they are not of the description which that noble lord has given , but that of all the codes of laws that ever appeared in the world , they are the most perfectly reversable in all their circumstances , and may , with the most perfect safety , be overthrown totally under particular times and occasions , and are not fundamental in any part of their character . They were founded on temporary expediency , springing out of transient events , justified by immediate necessity , and by that necessity alone . I desire your lordships to look at the alterations which those laws have successively undergone , as the changes of times or of circumstances have prescribed ; and therefore , if the facts are as I have described them , the question comes to a plain short issue . All are agreed , that the Protestant Established Church roust be maintained , and that in this maintenance , if necessary , it is the duty of every loyal subject of this realm , to shed his blood ; not for its maintenance in name only , but in fact , in all its dignity , in all its doctrine and discipline , in the exercise of all its grave and venerable functions , in all majesty , reverence , and honour . But it is now to be considered , whether it is essential to do this , by a system of exclusion and restraint , upon many millions of our loyal fellow subjects , within these realms ; in preference to the milder and more Christian policy of liberality and conciliation . This is the real question for your lordships ' consideration this night ; and looking at it with reference to the present period , and all its concomitant circumstances , I declare upon my honour and conscience , that not only the advancement of our best interests , but the prosperity—the honour—the name , and even the very existence of the empire , depend upon the just consideration of this question . I wish 611 to put it to your lordships distinctly , as an argument upon which I shall rest what I have to address to you this night , —whether your lordships are sincerely of opinion ' that a system of exclusion and restraint—of disqualification and proscription , either continued or extended , or whether a system of conciliation , benevolence , harmony and peace , would be the better security for our established religion , and for promoting the welfare—the safety—and the glory of the British empire . Thus far , my lords , I conceive that I have carried with me , the general assent and acquiescence of the House . [ The noble marquis had been repeatedly and loudly cheered through every argument he had hitherto urged . ] I think with the noble lord who made the motion this night , that our deliberations should terminate in concession ; but I would ask those who differ from this opinion , is it their meaning for ever to close your lordships ' doors against these Roman Catholic petitioners ? But do I call upon your lordships to make these concessions which I think necessary—previous to all guards and arrangements ? —No ! All I ask is , that the Petitions and claims of your Catholic fellow-subjects , which are now upon your table , supported as they are by those of the Protestant population , and wealth of Ireland , may be now taken into your consideration . True it is , that I , as well as the noble earl who made the motion , are decidedly favourable to ultimate concession ; but is this disposition on our parts to operate as an insurmountable objection to the calm and impartial investigation and discussion of the petitioners ' claims ? It has been said , that this is a moment when the expectations of the Catholics have been greatly excited , and therefore that