two descriptions of laws : the municipal law , which binds the people ; and the law of God which binds the parliament 737 and the people . Whenever you do any act which is contrary to his laws , as expressed in his work , which is the world , or in his book , the Bible , you exceed your right ; whenever you rest any of your establishments on that excess , you fest it on a foundation which is weak and fallacious ; whenever you attempt to establish your government , or your properly , or your church , on religious restrictions , you establish them on that false foundation , and you oppose the Almighty ; and though you had a host of mitres on your side , you banish God from your ecclesiastical constitution , and freedom from your political . In vain shall men endeavour to make this the cause of the Church ; they aggravate the crime , by the endeavour to make their God their fellow in the injustice . Such rights are the rights of ambition : they are the rights of conquest : and in your case , they have been the rights of suicide . They begin by attacking liberty ; they end by the loss of empire . In all matters where the legislature interferes , you will take care to distinguish between nomination and eligibility . Nomination is the right of the person who nominates , and eligibility of the person who is nominated . Eligibility is a common law right ; and can only be taken away by act of parliament : but parliament can only take it away for crimes or unfitness : religion is neither . You can not take away eligibility , which is a common law right , on account of religion , which is a right also . The clause of disqualifcation consists of three heads . The superstition of the Eucharist ; the adoration of the mother of God ; and the Papal power . The two first are merely matters of religion , such as the state has no right to investigate , and such as form an objection , which must be , and which is for the most part , entirely abandoned . Two parts of the objection , then , are disposed of ; and a third only remains : and that third , namely , the power of the Pope , is reduced to a mere spiritual authority : nor are the arguments founded which say , that spiritual and temporal powers are inseparable ; and which instance as proof of their inseparability , marriage and excommunication . Their is no solidity in their observation nor their instance , in as much as marriage is a civil contract : and all its consequences , inheritance and legitimacy , & c. depend on the civil quality of that contract , and can not 738 be affected by a spiritual connection , of which the law has no conception ; and to establish which , no evidence is admissible . This matter has been settled by the act which allows Catholics to be on juries ; and therefore allows them safe and competent to try the validity of marriage : the same may be said of excommunication , which is an authority which can not be enforced ; attended by an obedience which can not be commanded : the ecclesiastic who attempts to enforce such a power , is subject to a prosecution ; and the parishioner who is injured , is entitled to damages , and damages have been given accordingly . To this objection there are further answers : the law and the fact . The law , which has made the distinction between temporal and spiritual , and has ( see 14th and 15th of the King ) reduced that distinction to an oath , to be taken by Catholics , under the authority of an act of parliament . It is remarkable , that in our dealings with the Catholics , the arguments of their opponents have been answered by their laws