years . It was the duty of lord Glenbervie to have furnished the history of these crown lands ; and he was the more disinclined to leave the management of these matters to his lordship , whom , he saw , was proprietor in a new canal , called the Regent 's Canal , about to be cut in this very Mary-le-bone Park . Lord Glenbervie , he observed , by a clause in the Bill , had given himself , as surveyor-general of the land revenues of the crown , a power to contract with lord Glenbervie , as proprietor of the Regent 's Canal— [ Here the hon . gentleman read the clause empowering the sale of part of the crown lands for the purposes of the Canal . ] His lordship had also issued cards to the members of the House , to come down on Tuesday , at three o'clock , to support the Bill , and to assure all those who chose to join him of 11 per cent . for their money . Indeed so busy did he appear to be with his canal , he had not had time to make his report . On these grounds he wished for further enquiry , before he voted the money now asked for . He also objected to the scite chosen for the barracks at Liverpool , and contended that the other side of the town was more eligible . supported the original Resolution , and had no hope of any time coming more fit than the present , for executing works , in his opinion , absolutely indispensable . He contended for the necessity of having barracks near town for the guards , who could not remain in the stables they possessed any longer , and were liable to all the evils and inconveniencies attendant on being billetted in public-houses , two or three miles from their horses . He also maintained , that the expence incurred would not be more than the men now cost in various other 1146 ways , with inn-keepers ' allowances , & c. Barracks also separated them from the contagion of vice , so injurious to discipline in populous sea-ports , such as Liverpool and Bristol . concurred generally with Mr. Bankes , as to the unfitness of the time , and the barracks not being now absolutely necessary . His great objection was to the enormous expenditure , and he apprehended no danger to the horse guards , from their remaining in the same situation in which they had been for the last century . said , the barracks built 50 years ago were more comfortable for the men , more convenient for discipline , and more durable than those built of late years at greater expence . Till the cause of this was enquired into , he wished the present vote to be postponed . said , that he felt it less necessary to address the House , from the conviction he entertained of the truth of the assertion of the Secretary of the Treasury , that he should be able to persuade the majority of the House that the vote ought to be acceded to . On this subject , however , involving a question of the highest constitutional importance , he could not consent to give a silent vote . On former occasions , in addressing the House upon this subject , he had been accused of disaffection , because he had asserted , that the government was attempting to make use of that army which was paid by the people for the subjugation of the people.—The truth of this statement the vote now proposed made evident , and some of its supporters even went so far as to urge the necessity of concurring in it , lest the soldiers should be intercepted by the populace whom they were to subdue , on the way to their horses . [ Hear ! hear ! from ministers . ] He had no doubt his remarks were not very welcome to the other side of the House , whose business it was , with inconsistent prodigality