to enquire into the propriety of removing restrictions ; and it should therefore have his support . —Sir , I am ready to admit that there is no question , which , from its immense importance , is more entitled to discussion than the present ; nor is there any man more ready than I am to admit , that no individual should be called to an account before any human tribunal for his religious faith , nor excluded on account of that faith from civil privileges , unless there was something in his creed injurious to the interest and safety of the state , under which he lives ; but I do not consider that any question of that kind is at all connected with the motion before you , and which I conceive purely a question for granting further extension of political power to the Catholics of Ireland , and the policy of such extension is the real question which we have to consider . It has been endeavoured to draw an argument in favour of this extension to the Catholics of Ireland , as if the question was connected with our present contest for the defence of the Catholics upon the continent . But , Sir , I think h is our object to fight the battles of those oppressed nations upon the continent , independent of any question about their religion . Our object is to maintain the independence of those nations , and of Europe , on a field which affords us the opportunity of contending with better effect against the enemy ; and this , Sir , I conceive , is not fighting the cause of the Catholic religion , but the cause of the rights and freedom of those nations , with whom we are in alliance , 827 and I am therefore at a loss to conceive I how it can be argued that there is any connection between our battles there , and any extension of political power to the Catholics of Ireland . We have nothing to do with the religious establishments of I other countries , but we are bound to secure our own , and therefore . Sir , I shall dismiss this subject with this short observation , that we are bound to fight the battles of Europe against the common enemy , without that circumstance having any connection with the Catholics of Ireland . The present question is clearly reduced to one of political expediency , in which our judgments are to be regulated by a consideration of the advantages or disadvantages likely to result from granting or withholding the proposed concessions . In my opinion . Sir , nothing could warrant such concessions at the risk of the security of our own establishment , but the most imperious necessity . I am told . Sir , that the end proposed by these concessions is to tranquilize and unite the people of ire-land in our common cause , and that the measure would conciliate and render unanimous all ranks of his Majesty 's subjects in that cause . But , Sir , I do not think that such a consequence would follow ; but , on the contrary , I think that the temporary calm which such concessions might produce , would be followed by a tempest more arduous and alarming ; and a pretty good proof of this has been advanced from the other side of the House ; for it appears from the advocates of the Catholics this night , that expectation naturally increases with power , that the more we have given , the more is asked ; and that if you grant what is now required , the Catholics of Ireland will proceed farther , and never be satisfied without a perfect equality in all the powers of the state . The consequence of which will be , that conscious of that power , and heated by religious animosities , Ireland would soon present a struggle for power between contending parties , which would speedily terminate in the ruin of the country . I found , my opinion . Sir , on