them . But where was the use of such an appointment ? Did the circumstances of the present times render it peculiarly necessary ? Let the House only look at the history of the country . King William the third was the soul—the prime manager and mover of the confederacy existing in his reign for the preservation of the liberty of Europe . He , besides , satin his own cabinet ; scrutinized every department of the state ; brought every transaction under his own eye ; yet king William had no private 334 secretary of this kind . When the house of Brunswick came to the throne , —when George the 1st came to this country , a stranger to our language , if at any time the appointment of such a secretary was reasonable , surely it was at that time : yet George the 1st had no such secretary . But it was hardly necessary to go farther back than the reign of his present Majesty . They all knew how he had attended to public business till the period of his unfortunate illness . He had probably paid a more rigid attention to business than any of his predecessors . No appointment , however trifling , was made without taking his pleasure upon it . From the expiration of the American war to the commencement of the present one , he had acted not only as a king but as a commander in chief ; his pleasure having been always previously taken by the secretary at war upon every commission granted in the array . From the situation which he once officially held , he knew that there were in the home department several notes of his Majesty , proving how much attention he had paid to the public business ; every act and appointment having been submitted to him , not nominally , but really for the purpose of his exercising a judgment upon it . Yet , amidst all this multiplicity of business , no one had ever thought of appointing a secretary of this kind to his Majesty , till the unfortunate complaint which led to the appointment of colonel Taylor . At last , then came the appointment of colonel Taylor ; and they had to consider whether that formed any precedent for the present office conferred upon colonel M'Mahon . Were the circumstances the same ? Every one knew they were totally different . The appointment of colonel Taylor was the consequence of , and arose from the deprivation of sight to which his Majesty was subjected . He was so blind as not to be able to read the communications of his ministers . It became necessary to provide some remedy for this inconvenience , and the appointment in question had been consequently adopted , as the most expedient plan . But it never had been imagined that this office was to be made a precedent for others of the kind , under circumstances altogether different . If ever this could have been believed , the appointment of Col. Taylor would unquestionably have been more particularly noticed : and , indeed , when the appointment was known to have been made , and 335 alluded to in that House , he recollected that there appeared to be a feeling on both sides , that since such an office had become necessary , it would have been better to have made it a public and responsible one . But this feeling was suppressed for the moment , from a regard to the wishes of his majesty , who was unwilling to expose his situation , and jealous of having his infirmity brought too much under the public eye . For this reason many of those who thought the nature of the appointment ought to have been considered by parliament , refrained from urging the matter at that time ; but if they had conceived that this could have been made any ground for the present appointment , they would probably have acted differently . Where , he would again ask , was the necessity for this office ? King William had