this . He felt , and all must feel the afflicting loss with which it had been attended ; but though the loss in actions of this kind was more apparent , it was not usually greater than the losses suffered in protracted sieges . When they looked at the moral effects of the attainment of this great object , they would probably counterbalance the loss , severe as it had been . He took it for granted that it was necessary either to storm the place , to abandon it , or risk an action with Soult . The time , then , was exactly that in which it was most desirable for the British that the place should be at-tacked . With regard to the hopes of ultimate success , it had always been his principle not to mix political speculation of 1049 that kind with motions of this nature . He would adhere to that system now . But this , however , he might say , that it was clear the French , from their having a great deal to do in other quarters , or for some reason or other—had not been able to make those exertions in the peninsula for the attainment of their object , which they had usually made in other parts of the world . That was certainly a ground of hope ; and if the new government of Spain would act with the energy necessary to secure discipline and obedience at home , and adopt the policy of cordial trust in their allies , and of conciliation towards America , and by these means place such great resources in the hands of such a distinguished military character as lord Wellington , the expectation of saving the peninsula might yet be realized . We , too , perhaps , had our prejudices to conquer , and our exertions to make ; but certainly the best that could be done to bring the contest to a favourable conclusion might be expected from the talents and skill of lord Wellington , and the eminent valour and exertions of the army under his command . He heartily concurred in the motion . The several motions were then made , end agreed to unanimously . said , that he was instructed by his constituents to present to the House a Petition , signed by 6,500 most respectable individuals of the town of Liverpool , who in the space of only four days , had stepped forward to affix their signatures , for the purpose of praying the repeal of the Orders in Council as the cause of the commercial distress which affected not that place merely , but the country in general . The majority of the persons whose names now appeared at the fool of the Petition , were those who had signed a Petition against the Orders in Council when those measures first originated , and had then foretold the calamities which the trade of Liverpool had since suffered from the effects of those Orders , and from the closing of the ports of America . The melancholy statement of the actual condition of Liver pool , which was inserted in the Petition , was unwillingly obtruded upon the feel- 1059 ings of the House , in consequence of the contradiction given upon this subject to the information which an hon . member ( Mr. Creevey ) had deemed it right to afford . Upon the general question he would now say nothing , but merely move that the Petition be brought up.—The question having been put , referred to the 6,560 witnesses who in this Petition bore ample testimony of the perfect truth of the assertions he had made regarding the real miseries of the inhabitants of Liverpool . observed , that the accounts he had obtained , and which he had communicated to parliament on a former occasion , in opposition to the allegations of the hon . gentleman , were derived from the most respectable authority . bore witness to the deference due to the quarter to which the hon . general was indebted for his intelligence , and stated