last session , to extend the provisions of it to Ireland ; but he still thought he was only fulfilling his duty in bringing forward this Petition , which had been transmitted to him from an apprehension that such was not to be the case . The high premium for guineas had pressed very and on such tenants as were obliged to pay in gold , by rendering it difficult to procure the cash for their rents in time . Indeed , under such circumstances , the country could not have long carried on any branch of business , had it not been for the humanity and liberal sentiments of the greatest part of the landlords . But there were still some exceptions , which occasioned individual oppression , and it was the object of the Petition to remove such . agreed that there would be great injustice , if the enactments of the Bill , which had been passed as applicable to England , during the last year , were not now extended to Ireland . He was happy , therefore , that his right hon . friend , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had determined to extend the provisions of the Bill which he was about to move for leave to bring in , to Ireland , thereby communicating the same advantages to one part of the empire as to the other . allowed , that great inconve- 4 nience arose from the present practice in Ireland . The Petition was then brought up and read , and was ordered to lie on the table ; rose for the purpose of moving , that the act of last session , making Bank Notes a legal tender , in certain cases , be continued under certain amendments , and that its provisions be extended to Ireland . It was not necessary , he observed , in this stage of the proceeding , to make many observations , but looking back to the discussion that took place last session when he introduced a similar measure , he was aware that the Bill ( if the House permitted him to bring it in ) , would not pass without occasioning very considerable discussions . He would shortly slate the course which he would propose the House to adopt on the present occasion . He bad no intention whatever of hurrying the Bill through the House , as many gentlemen members for Ireland were at present necessarily engaged in that kingdom , and from the nature of their engagements at the different assizes would not be enabled to attend the discussions for some time ; he should therefore propose to read the Bill a first and second lime before the holidays , to have it printed , and then to appoint some day after the recess for the commitment of it , in order that gentlemen from Ireland might be present at the discussion of the various provisions . He would now barely state the nature of the circumstances which induced him to recommend the continuance of the measure . He did not intend to make any other alteration in the provisions , further than extending the operation of the Bill to Ireland , and providing that payments of Bank notes into court , out of court , and in process of law , should be deemed legal payments . Since the passing of the last Bill , he had ascertained that in the courts of King 's bench . Common Pleas , and Exchequer , there had been but three actions brought on the question of legality of tender . One was an action of replevin tried before lord Ellenborough , where a tender in Bank notes was proved ; but in the present state of the law that was deemed not a sufficient answer to the action . The other was an action of my lord King against one of his tenants for the small sum of 45l . the object of which was evidently merely to try the question : the 5 money was paid into court and the proceedings were stayed , the noble lord haying