our trade now justified it , and it was worth while to try the experiment of repealing those Orders in Council . We certainly had nothing to risk , but probably had much to gain ; that must be the inference , if we looked practically at the state of things . But , it was said , if we repealed our Orders in Council France would then be able to obtain raw materials from America to carry on her trade . In answer to that , he would reply , that there was nothing in our Orders in Council as they now stood , which at all prevented France from receiving those raw materials to any extent she pleased into the Weser , the Elbe , and the Ems . He should not , however , go further into the general question , as ample opportunity would be afforded for that when the House resolved itself into the committee on the subject . said , the vote he should give was not an admission upon the merits of the question , but merely a concession to the wishes of the country , to go into enquiry on the subject . The Orders in Council were not mere commercial regulations , but measures of just retaliation against France ; and as an effort against the enemy , they had been proved efficient . He thought too , that the country ought not to abandon such a system on account merely of any temporary pressures , which , however , had not been , in his judgment , at all as heavy as might , under all circumstances , have been reasonably expected . The Berlin and Milan Decrees , he contended , were in full force , and England was always prepared to say , that the Orders in Council should fall when those Decrees were withdrawn . The condition , however , declared on the other side , was , that their Decrees should fall with the surrender of our system of blockade . He trusted that if there was any hostile feeling in America towards us , the conduct of France would bring her back to more mild and favourable sentiments . We should not revoke our system in favour of one neutral to the manifest injury of all others . He would allow that Mr. Monroe did not contend against the prin- 1109 ciple of 1806 , but there was a period in which America joined France , to call upon us for a revocation of those principles of blockade which we had hitherto maintained , and the adoption of the maritime rule of France . When such a demand was made , he hoped the House would not be inclined to look upon it as a mere commercial question . It was a question of great national right , and as such it ought to be looked at , and not as a mere calculation of imports and exports . America , he trusted , would not make our conduct a cause of war ; but if she did , our duty would be to satisfy our own minds as to the justice of the case , and not to be deterred by our apprehension of war from the maintenance of what we knew to be our right . On the commercial part of the subject , however , he could not help observing , that there was a disposition in gentlemen greatly to exaggerate the difficulties experienced . To impute those difficulties to the Orders in Council , was neither logical nor fair . Looking to the documents on the table , they would find , that the whole state of the commerce during the present war , had experienced an increase rapid beyond example , extensive and unnatural in its degree . They would find that , at the present moment , the export of British manufactures within the year , exceeded the whole amount of the manufactures of France.—The amount of the latter for the last year was 54,000,000l . the amount of the former for the same period , 62,000,000l . for