this Declaration of Rights was converted into a statute . This act I will 600 quote , to shew that it was held to be inconsistent with the safety of the kingdom , that the sovereign of those realms should profess the Roman Catholic religion , or marry a Roman Catholic , and that by so doing , he would be excluded from the crown.— ( Here the noble lord read different extracts from the Bill of Rights . ) —The exclusion of the Catholics from political power was acknowledged by James the 2d himself afterwards , with an express concession , that no Catholic should sit in the Commons House of Parliament , and the succession was at that time provided for in the Protestant line , excluding all branches which were not Protestants . It seems , however , that all those precautions and restrictions , which your ancestors deemed wise and just , are now to be considered as unjust . Your lordships all know , that an oath was taken by the King at his coronation , binding him to maintain the Protestant succession ; and that oath was imposed on the sovereign , to prevent him from committing any act which might endanger the constitution.— ( Here the noble and learned lord read several passages of the Coronation Oath . ) —All these precautions would be unnecessary , unless they were intended to impose on the conscience of the sovereign an obligation not to consent to any act which he might deem injurious to the security of the constitution , or the interests of the state . The question then is simply this , whether the proposed act is likely to be injurious or not ? And when I find that the guards which are now in existence to protect the constitution have been found sufficient for the purpose during so long a period , I shall not be induced to depart from their security by any speculative notions or opinions . It is impossible to divest a religious sect of the character of a political party ; in this view , not only the Catholics , but those of the established religion , and the Scots , which dissented from it , are to be considered as political parties . The question then is , whether these political parties , distinct from the establishment , are to be admitted into a share of political power , with safety to the state . In an absolute government , the prince , having the complete controul over all the parties in the state , might admit any set of men into power , and he could as easily exclude them , if he saw any occasion for doing so ; but in a government like this , such a mode of conduct is absolutely impossible , If the Catholics were admitted to all the places of trust and power under the crown , 601 the consequences would be the ascendancy of a hostile political party ; for it was impossible to be a true Roman Catholic with ' out a hostile feeling towards Protestants . Men will be men—the desire of obtaining authority , power , and emolument will naturally influence them ; and , besides this , there is another influence likely to operate as strongly , namely , the belief that the Catholic Church is the only true one.—That this unfortunate persuasion existed there was the highest authority to prove ; men of the first intellectual powers , Mr. Locke , and others , had admitted that the Catholics denied salvation to any persons out of the pale of their Church . The page of history shewed the unfortunate conflicts which had existed in Ireland upon the subject of religion , and there had also been struggles in this country , which had produced much bloodshed . In early life , I had conceived that some concession might be safely granted to the Catholics , and their lord-ships would do me the justice to say , that I have gone the length which I thought consistent with the safety of the state ; but