intended to extend the Bill to Ireland . deprecated the idea of extending the Bill to Ireland , and conceived that the House was travelling the high road to ruin , which had been invariably the case with all countries in which a paper currency had been forced on the people . He begged the House to consider , besides , the grounds on which the measure was to be extended to Ireland . It was simply on a petition presented by a noble lord , without his having condescended to inform the House whether the petition was signed by landlords or by tenants—that was , whether it was signed by men who were willing to abandon some of the advantages they actually had by contract ; or by men willing at any rate to acquit themselves of their debts at a cheaper rate . The Bill passed last session went far enough to alarm all men interested in the welfare of the country , but the present went far beyond it . It went , as it respected Ireland , to break a solemn covenant between landlord and tenant , by which the former was to be paid in gold , no matter at what price it was to be procured . He thought that this was a step too bold to be taken at once ; and before the imperial parliament could think , under such circumstances , of extending the Bill to Ireland , they should have petitions from every part of that country , and know especially if landlords agreed to it . In another instance , Ireland , should the Bill extend to that country , was treated with evident neglect . He believed that the bank of Ireland was as solvent as any bank—as much so as the bank of England itself , and he could say no more in its favour . Yet , when it was intended to restrict the bank of England from paying in specie , it was thought necessary first to institute an inquiry 199 as to it means of solvability . But , the same precautions were deemed useless when the Bill was to apply to Ireland . These were the grounds on which he objected to the Bill being extended to Ireland , especially in the thin state of the House ; and in the absence of Irish members . He might add , that it had proved perfectly useless in this country , it being found impossible , as it always would be , to prevent the traffic in gold coin , or to keep paper in any country above a certain level , regulated by a variety of uncontroulable circumstances . allowed the full weight of the principles laid down by his hon . friend ( Mr. Morris ) ; he saw that the measure proposed was attended with great difficulties ; he might say , that it was dangerous , and wished that another had been proposed in its stead ; yet , in the present circumstances , knowing it was desired by the public , he would not oppose it . hoped that , before the Bill should pass , the gentlemen from Ireland , then absent , would come fully prepared to discuss its merit as affecting their country , in the way alluded to by the right hon . baronet . The nature of the Bill itself had been greatly changed by its extension to the sister-country . He was one of those who thought last session that the Bill would be incomplete if it did not extend to Ireland ; but at the same time he had expressed a positive wish for full information , before that step should be taken . It had appeared since , that a practice existed in Ireland of receiving gold in payment of contracts , at a difference in price from the paper circulating medium . The difference was stated by some at 22 or 25 percent , against paper . It followed of course , that the landlords and other holders of such contracts , would be injured by the Bill in that