left without the guard against the demands of the landlord , which the legislature had thought necessary in England , and that it was the landlord who wanted protection.—But it was a gross fallacy to put upon the House that because no other petitions had come before them , the people of Ireland were not desirous of the extension of this measure . The greatest alarm had prevailed among the monied men and tenantry last session , when it was known that the Bill was not to be extended to Ireland , and application had been made to government on the subject . He firmly believed of the present Bill , that the greatest ferment and dissatisfaction would be 291 excited if it were not extended to Ireland , and not if it were extended , as argued by the right hon . baronet . He agreed with the gentlemen on the other side as to the difference of the land tenures in the two countries ; but he drew a different conclusion from that fact : for , what would be the situation of the seven-eighths of Ireland , in which now , as was confessed on all sides , gold and notes were received indiscriminately , if the law was not extended ? The right hon . baronet and right hon . gentleman spoke with great feeling about the landlords , who , in common with the tenants over this part of the country , had all their dealings in paper equally as in gold ; but they would subject the tenants to the liability of being called on for 5s . 6d . premium for every pound they had contracted to pay . He would suppose another case not very improbable : —sup-pose a tenant had last year fined down his rent from 500l . to 250l . a year , by the payment of a fair sum ; if this law were not extended he would be left liable to an additional charge of one-fourth more , or 20 per cent . Did not the tenant , in these cases , stand in need of relief ? and yet these were the tender mercies of these right hon . gentlemen towards them . All he asked for was , security to the tenantry in Ireland similar to that enjoyed by the tenantry in this country—but this the right hon . baronet called revolutionary . The right hon . gentleman talked of their not legislating equally towards the two countries , while , by a wonderful perversion of the understanding , he was objecting to their extending the benefit of the law from the one to the other , and not leaving the tenant in Ireland exposed to the ban of the landlord , from which in England they had rescued him.—With regard to the depreciation that had existed , in contradiction to the right hon . gentleman , he maintained , that while for four years after the period alluded to the paper in England had remained stationary in value—that of Ireland rose to par with it . The right hon . gentleman would also induce them to believe that all tenants in Ireland were rich , and therefore they ought to be left liable to be charged one-fourth more than their agreed rent . Had he forgot the forty shilling freeholders ? Were they rich men , and would not they be the first , through the middle men who oppressed them , to feel the effects of the tenderness of the right hon . gentleman ? He concluded by saying he had always approved of the mea- 292 sure , and as he thought it ought in justice to be extended to Ireland , he would not consent to any delay which would have the effect of precluding it . , in explanation , said he had never called the law of last session a benefit to England , and therefore could not be represented as wishing to withhold that benefit from Ireland . He had never represented all the tenants in Ireland for three lives as rich , but only that some of