) should never be enacted ; even as to the absurdity of Catholic ministers recommending to Protestant benefices . If there were time to go into detail ? , I could , I think , prove , that if it is unreasonable , it is at least not unexampled in our history ; that such an anomaly has happened , and happened without injury to our Church . That some of our best and ablest divines have 702 owed their elevation to the recommendation of Catholic trearurers , or Catholic chancellors : but this will lead me far . I will not go into this part of the question , though nothing , as I contend , has been more artfully misrepresented , or more grossly misconceived throughout the country , than this part of the history of the Revolution . A noble marquis in the blue rib band has , indeed , admirably exposed the delusion in his eloquent speech of this night . The connection of the Catholic religion and King James 's cause was , I maintain , purely accidental ; and our ancient and unprecedented rights ( to use the words of the Bill itself ) vindicated at the Revolution , were as much the rights of our Catholic ancestors , as they are ours ; and would be as much our rights to-morrow , if we were reconciled to the errors of the Church of Rome , as they are to-day ' , when we abjure and renounce those errors . It is thus read the Bill of Rights , and I defy the noble and learned lord to prove from the statute book that I read it wrong . The Protestant monopoly of seats in parliament , and offices of trust and profit , is not there declared to be a fundamental law , or an undoubted right of the people of England . Thirteen rights are there proclaimed to be ancient and undoubted : those thirteen are vindicated , declared , enacted , and confirmed ; but in the thirteen the noble lord will not find one word in favour of the laws which my noble friend wishes to be referred to a committee of your honourable House . My lords ; in the general question I wil now say nothing . My opinion remains not only unaltered , but strengthened . Justice calls upon us to restore the birthrights of our countrymen . Policy recommends , I should rather say , necessity enjoins us to conciliate the affections of a third of our fellow subjects . I have only to repeat my apologies for intruding , at this late hour , though for so short a time , to protest against the existence of any fundamental law , or any essential principle in our constitution , standing in the way of a measure , which justice demands , and necessity dictates . Such is the measure , this night recommended by my noble friend , commonly known by the name of Catholic Emancipation , and consisting , in my view of it , of a complete removal of all civil disabilities whatever , on account of religious opinions . knight of Kerry , said that from the beginning of the present alarm respecting a scarcity of pro '' visions in Ireland , he had called the attention of government to that subject , and had requested of them to quiet the fears of the people , and to take the necessary steps to prevent the impending evil . The right hon . Secretary of State for Ireland , had , however , been deceived by false statements , and had asserted to the House that the scarcity was only local ; and that enough of grain existed in Ireland , not only for the supply of that country , but also to relieve the wants of England , and to afford enough for distillation from corn . Notwithstanding those assertions , and notwithstanding the improved state of the agriculture in Ireland , which surpassed in so short a time whatever the most sanguine expectation could have anticipated , still it was too