said on the subject of the intolerant spirit of the Catliolic religion . The Catholics are the most intolerant set of people in the world . Their religion never allows any toleration to any other religious sect but their own . And I need not say that they indulge that spirit wherever they have the power to enforce it . They cry out loudly for religious liberty ! and yet they are the most intolerant set of people themselves that ever infected the world . Look at the works of Dr . Troy , Dr. Hussey , and Dr. Milner ! and you 'll see what an intolerant set of people they are . You will see what the doctrines of these men are . They have proscribed all schools except Roman Catholic schools ; and their children have been proscribed from going to Protestant schools , even though there was no religion taught in them ; and although these schools were perfectly open and free to all children whether Catholic or Protestant . Sir , if the House doubts my word upon this subject , let them look at Doctor Coppinger 's letter , where they will see a still further instance of this sort of intolerance . In that letter , domestics are forbid to attend prayers in a Protestant family . Let the House also look to the letter of Doctor Moylan , in which he draws an exclusive line of separation between the people of the Protestant religion , and those of the Roman Catholic religion . What is this , Sir , but a proof of their holding no faith with heretics ? Now , Sir , let me call the attention of the House to that most extraordinary oath taken by their bishops and inferior clergy . This oath I quote from 758 that very letter of Doctor Troy , to which I have alluded . In that oath they swear religion , loyalty , and obedience to the Pope . [ The learned doctor here read the oath , in which the person taking it swears that he will from henceforth be bound to St. Peter and the church of Rome , and his lord the Pope , his successors and governors ; and any attempt that shall be made to offer violence or wrong by any means with his consent , or power created so to do , and shall most willingly discover it to the Papacy of Rome : and concluding , by declaring his sincere determination to maintain the rights , honours , and privileges of the Church of Rome , and of the Pope , his honours and powers , dwelling the particular emphasis on the words 'Hæreticos persequar et impugnabo . ' ] Now , Sir , see what the nature of this oath is . Every one of the Catholic bishops of Ireland , nay , every one of those bishops who are now making such an outcry about religious liberty , take this identical oath of fealty to the Pope ; that very Pope who is now a dependant upon Buonaparté . These are the men , I say , who would have all these claims conceded , without any proviso or provision . What ! men who have taken this oath to the Pope and his successors , and the Pope at present a slave of Buonaparté ! and his successors likely to be slaves of France ! —to be admitted to such a power as they now demand ! —As to the temporary imprisonment of the Pope , it is no sort of reason whatever for allowing such an oath to the Catholic prelates . Is that circumstance any reason that they should be admitted into the possession of political power ? I never was . Sir , an enemy to the Catholic religion , or an enemy to any of its members ; but upon a question of this kind one is bound to consider well their claims to be admitted to an unlimited participation in the benefits of the constitution . Now , Sir , see what the oath of the parish