any measure relating to it . Not even a notice had yet been given as to when it was to be proposed , whilst the session was advancing to so late a period , that there would be a moral impossibility of giving the subject that deliberate discussion which its extreme importance so urgently demanded . said a rumour had been in circulation for the last twenty-four hours , of a Message having been sent by the President of the United States to Congress , charging that an agent from this country had been employed , by the governor of the adjacent British territories , to foment discontents in the United States , with the view of separating the Union ; and the Message was stated to be accompanied by documents comprising the correspondence , which proved , as asserted , the existence of the agency . He believed there was no foundation for this statement , and he trusted that such was the case ; but it would be satisfactory to the House and the public , if the noble lord opposite would give a contradiction to it . said he had no hesitation in answering , that no person had been employed by this government to foment discontents in the United States , nor had there existed any intention on the part of government to foment discontents there , or to make any attempt to separate the Union . As to the person alluded to as an agent , he was persuaded that he could only have been employed for the purpose of obtaining information with a view to the defence of Canada. , in the event of hostilities . asked , if there was any objection , on the part of the noble earl , explicitly to state , for the satisfaction of the public , whether captain Henry ( for there could be no secret about the name ) was or was not employed by this government ? Or whether they knew of his being employed by Sir J. Craig ? said he had no hesitation in stating , that captain Henry was not employed by government at all , nor did they know of his being employed ; and he was persuaded , from what he knew of sir James Craig , that sir James could only have employed him for the purpose of obtaining information with a view to the defence of Canada , under the impression that hostilities might perhaps soon commence . observed , that there was probably some correspondence between sir J. Craig and the government , and suggested the propriety of laying that correspondence before the House . was proceeding to observe upon the tacit acquiescence of some , and the feeble opposition of others , in another place , to this Bill , who last session vehemently opposed the measure , when he was called to order by who observed , that another place could only mean the House of Commons , and that it was irregular to comment in that way upon their proceedings , or to use what passed there as a means of influencing opinions in that House . observed , that there were other places where opinions were expressed besides the House of Commons . After explaining what he intended by the argument he was about to use when interrupt- 1082 ed , his lordship proceeded to comment upon the arguments adduced against this measure last session , when it was predicted that it would produce a still further depreciation of the currency of the country , and a still more unfavourable state of the exchange . Those who used the argument of depreciation , urged that the paper currency was depreciated on account of the hgh price of bullion . Since the passing of the measure , however , of last session , the price of bullion was lower , and the exchange was less unfavourable . The measure , therefore , had not produced any of the effects which it was predicted it would . The unfavourable state of the exchange he attributed to our foreign expenditure , and observed , that that