they exhibited on all occasions . The Petition was then read , and ordered to lie on the table . said , he had a number of Petitions to submit to the House of a different description from those which had already been presented ; they were signed by many thousand persons from the northern parts of the kingdom , namely , Yorkshire , Durham , Hull , Berwick , Sheffield , & c. The subscribers were not Roman Catholics only , but comprised many of the persons attached to the various sects of Dissenters from the Protestant , religion , and others who were members of the Established Church . They prayed that those disabilities , which were visited on their religious tenets , should be abolished , as well from principles of justice towards the petitioners , as for the security of the empire at large . He felt happy in congratulating the House and the country on such liberal conduct , which , by creating unanimity , would enable the empire to bring to a glorious conclusion the dreadful struggle in which they were engaged . Petitions from the different places mentioned by the noble earl , were then read and laid on the table . presented Petitions from Bristol , Exeter , and Taunton , which were laid on the table . The noble marquis then observed , that it was his duty to present two other Petitions , under circumstances very different from those which had preceded them , and to which he was extremely desirous of drawing the particular attention of the House . The one was from the Protestants of Ireland ; the other from Protestant noblemen and gentlemen , resident in this country , but connected by birth or properly with the 461 sister island , and calling on the legislature to admit their Roman Catholic brethren to a full participation in civil and political rights . These Petitions were clearly distinguishable from those which had been already presented , inasmuch as the petitioners were not claiming a boon for themselves , but for others ; considering , that the concession of the Catholic claims did not merely interest a part , but the whole of the empire . He was instructed to state , that the Petition from the Protestants of Ireland was signed by nearly 8,000 names , and there were other Protestant petitions , which had not yet reached this country , that bore also an immense number of signatures . And he felt it his duty to state , though not exactly from his own knowledge , which was not sufficiently accurate on the subject , that the signatures to those Petitions , which were about to be read , represented decidedly a majority of the proprietory of Ireland . He wished it was in his power to induce their lordships , when the Petitions were laid on the table , to examine the names annexed to them . They would there observe a great number of the most distinguished members of their lordships ' House , and a large proportion of the principal landed proprietors of Ireland , who conceived that the security of the landed property which they possessed , was intimately connected with the progress made in behalf of their Roman Catholic fellow-subjects . They would also find the signatures of the principal monied capitalists of Ireland , who were convinced that the future beneficial employment of their capitals was essentially connected with the success of the application contained in those Petitions . They would also find the names of many of the leading members of the military and naval professions , who , in their own behalf , disavowed any wish to possess the monopoly of these professions , conceiving that they might be exercised with more advantage to the public , by the admission to their benefits of persons of all religious persuasions . They would also recognize among those signatures ( to their honour be it spoken ) , a great body of the parochial clergy of Ireland , of the Established Church , who felt that the safety of that Church