, their attachment to the constitution , and disclaiming , in language equally unqualified , all designs inconsistent with the perfect safety of the Protestant Church . To that state they pay their taxes , though to them its offices , its distinctions , its benefits , its protection in a great measure are denied . To that Church they pay , without a murmur , the tythe of all they have , though to them it can by no possibility afford any spiritual succours : and because , in addition to the payment of tribute and tythe , they bind themselves by oaths and solemn declarations , to support both Church and State , and abjure , in the sight of God and man , every feeling inconsistent with the safety and interests of both ; and because every time that they petition parliament for relief from the disabilities under which their conscientious adherence to speculative opinions lays 894 them , they carefully repeat those disclaimers which they are always ready to verify upon oath ; you , therefore , tell them , having , it would seem , no better reason to give for refusing their prayers , that you are afraid to grant them . To grant them ? No ; but that you dare not even listen to them , lest they should seek to overthrow the Church which they support by their tribute , and which they have sworn never to injure . But their oaths and professions are not to be trusted , for they may be made in order to be broken : true , and so might I argue , who am an enemy to all such tests ; but let me tell the gentlemen opposite , this is precisely that thing which they must not say ; for all the securities which they ever have thought of , are oaths and professions , and the only dispute at present between us is , whether we shall trust the safety of the state to such tests , or seek to establish it in the hearts and affections of a faithful and generous and grateful people . This fallacy lies at the root of all the arguments urged ; let me rather say , the alarms sounded by the right hon . gent , who spoke last , and bolstered up by him with extracts from volumes of Catholic controversy and correspondence . He detected other sources of danger from the concession of these just claims . But I would rather refer you for a statement of them to the more mild and guarded eloquence of the learned judge whom I should fear to grapple with on almost any other question ; and whose dextrous , insinuating arguments I should in vain attempt to oppose by any other means than referring to the plain matter of fact , as it lies before us . This is the only way in which I can hope either to blunt the edge of his wit , or to disentangle the mazes of his seductive and elaborate sophistry ; but it is , I think , sufficient to do both . Satisfied then , that the Catholics entertain a deep-rooted hostility to the establishment , notwithstanding their own repeated and solemn declarations ; nay , convinced , as he says , that in order to act conscientiously they must seek by all means , its destruction—for the learned judge can form no better opinion , it should seem , of conscientious conduct , at least in a Roman Catholic , than first swearing not to do a thing , and then doing it ; he proceeds to a topic so frequently urged , and so constantly refuted , that I should have no apology for even adverting to it , did I not remark that , with 895 some person , it always pleases how often soever repeated—I mean the power of effecting mischief , with which you arm the Catholics by giving them seats in the legislature . It seems that a few peers of that persuasion being introduced into the other House , and a