The right hon . gentleman had told the House , that neither as servant of the crown , nor as adviser of his Royal Highness , would he say any thing on this subject ; but the time was when the right hon . gentleman had not only said much on the subject , but had taken such measures as would have enabled all his Majesty 's subjects to understand it . It was well known , that a book had been prepared by the right hon . gentleman for publication ; that out of some fund , whether public or private he could not tell , the expence of the printing of this book was defrayed ; that measures were taken that not only the subjects of this kingdom , but all the continent of Europe , should be made acquainted with it , but that suddenly the book had been suppressed , and the outstanding copies bought up at an enormous price , proceeding from what quarter he knew not . It appeared to him , therefore , that as counsel for her royal highness the Princess Regent formerly , and as the present adviser of the Prince Regent , the right hon . gentleman was placed in a situation which above all others 139 made it necessary for him to speak out on the present occasion . He could not conceive that the right hon . gentleman would now feel an inclination to be mule , when so recently he was disposed to have ten thousand tongues . For his part he would say , that not only was there no proportion between the sums of 58,000l . appropriated to the Queen , and the allowance to her royal highness the Princess Regent , but considering also , that this was not the sole allowance to the Queen , and that provision was also made for her at the royal table and otherwise , the different situation of the Princess of Wales , whom the public only knew to be living in retirement , sometimes at Blackheath , and sometimes at Kensington , could not fail to strike every person in the community . All that the public knew of her Royal Highness was , that she was not in the situation in which she ought to be ; although the right hon . gentleman had written a book in her favour . They knew moreover that if ever she were to be put on a footing corresponding to her rank , they would be called upon for a fresh grant of money . The right hon . gentleman had told them , that the enquiry could be carried on as well after the present grant as before it . But it was very well known that the right hon . gentleman was very skilful when it suited his purpose , so to assort and regulate the documents produced by him , as to give that length to any enquiry which he thought proper . If the grant however were made dependent on the enquiry , the committee on the Civil List would not have the same long and unsatisfactory papers as they now had laid before them ; and the chairman of the committee would soon find that many living witnesses would be speedily brought forward to remove every doubt or obstruction . He therefore conceived that when he opposed the resolution he was acting in consistency with his former vote for postponing the committee for a month . thought it very unfair to rest the present question upon the merits and the virtues of the Princesses , who were the immediate subjects of the present discussion . This was invidious , as it threw a kind of odium on those who might oppose the grant , as if they were not as ready as others to acknowledge those merits and those virtues . The liberal grants , however , which parliament had formerly voted for the royal family , were not intended merely for their support , but for the support also 140 of that splendour and dignity which wag supposed to become the royal