them only for enjoying this admitted gift of God to his , creatures , and was tyranny , when the danger which suggested the system was at an end . He was far from condemning the laws regarding the Catholics in their origin—Had he lived in former days , he must as a Protestant have sanctioned them , if they were necessary for the security , perhaps for the very existence of a Protestant establishment , and they might have been so ; but we had long since decided , that penal laws in restraint of the Catholic religion were no longer necessary , since we had repealed all of them . But still , undoubtedly , another great question remained after full toleration had been granted ; viz . Whether Catholics should be excluded from the establishment ? Religious toleration was one thing , and civil establishment another ; and there might be very honest differences amongst the most enlightened men on such a subject . But this question also we had already decided , by consenting to their being established . They were already by consent of parliament members of the civil state—They could be grand , and petty jurors ; they could be corporators and magistrates ; they could be barristers and attornies , and officers in the army and navy , and even the elective franchise was conceded ; they being excluded only from some of the highest offices civil and military , and from seats in parliament ; By these concessions we had unquestionably given judgment against the objections now urged . The boundary between toleration and establishment had been completely broken down and obliterated ; establishment was an entire thing ; and there was no longer any principle of exclusion remaining . Before the Union he admitted that there was a solid objection against their sitting in parliament , but for that 66 very reason , devoted as he had always been to Mr. Fox , he never would vote against it , as he thought it removed the only bar to a complete system of harmony between the two countries . With regard to America , the difference was not less vital—Our policy regarding her ought to be distantly prospective : We should look to her at the distance of fifty years , or even of a century hence ; the policy of individuals from our frail condition was very bounded ; the laws would not even allow us to contemplate beyond a generation , but nations were immortal , and their governments should look far before them . He had always thought , that the only danger which could possibly assail England was , in the extreme difficulty of keeping this mutable world in its present state , so as to leave this island at the top of the wheel—Our whole policy therefore should be directed to keep her so ; whereas our ministers had taken a directly contrary course . They had rapidly changed , and were still changing the face of the earth , and bringing up rival nations in hot-beds , ages before their periods of maturity , to weigh in the scale of manufactures and arts against us.—Surely , instead of quarrelling with America as we had formerly fatally done for two-pence upon tea , instead of a paper system of odious and impracticable monopoly , we ought to encourage by all possible means the prosperity of the United States ; we ought to rejoice to see her rapid population keeping our looms constantly at work , not only to clothe her encreasing numbers , but through the most obvious communications springing out of a connection so natural , to spread our manufactures over the whole new world . Had our ministers looked besides to the interruption of our commerce even with our own settlements in the event of war with the United Slates ? He had been stationed in the American seas , and knew the difficulty of our only path to Europe in heavy laden ships , if North America was a hostile coast . But nevertheless , the most positive declamation had been lately announced