begged to know if the other side of the House would consent to the production of an account shewing the quantity of Exchequer Bills purchased by the Bank of England from government in the public market , which had been hitherto with-held ? , in answer to the declaration of an hon . and learned gentleman , that all the land of the country might be confiscated to pay the Exchequer Bills in the possession of the Bank , observed , that it might as well be said , that a gentleman possessed of au estate of 10,000l . a year , and having a mortgage of 10,000l . upon it , ran a risk of having all his land confiscated ; for the Bank could not possess more Exchequer Bills than were issued by government , viz . 43 or 44 millions . On the subject of the motion , he thought that on the right hon . gentleman 's own showing it ought not to be acceded to ; for the right hon . gentleman asserted that the Bank was an extravagantly overgrown and rich corporation . What necessity then for an enquiry into its situation ? As to the security for Bank notes , it was ample . Besides the assets in the hands of the Bank , it should be recollected , that Bank notes were receivable at the Exchequer , and that double the whole amount in circulation was received there yearly . , in explanation , said , that he had not represented the Bank as great and flourishing , and abounding in wealth . He allowed that they had made great profits ; but his next motion would shew how he thought they had dissipated those profits . In consequence of the restrictions imposed on their payment in specie , the Bank had certainly made enormous profits ; but these they had divided among themselves , and for aught he and the country knew , had left nothing for their creditors . then moved for an account of all sums divided by the Bank of England , on their capital , from 5th Jan. 1787 , 18 to 5th Jan. 1812 , specifying the sum in each year . thought this motion an unnecessary interference with the internal concerns of the Bank . Every one knew what those dividends had been . , although he objected to the former motion , supported this , on the ground that all possible information on the state of the Bank should be afforded to the public . stated , that the bonuses divided among the proprietors of Bank stock , since 1787 , amounted to 32½ per cent . on the capital . thought the motion unnecessary . It would not give the House any information that was not already in their possession . contended , that it was never intended by the restrictions on the payment in specie , that the Bank should make the large sum which they had made out of the public distress . He attributed their unwillingness to show the state in which they were , not to any doubt of their solvency , but to their being ashamed of their profits . There was a provision in the charier of the Bank of England which required that a meeting should be called twice a year , at which meeting the profits of the Company should be exhibited . This provision had hitherto not been complied with ; no doubt lest the public should be made acquainted with the enormous profits divided by the proprietors . brought up the report of the Committee of Supply . On the motion for agreeing to the resolution for granting 80,000l . to commence a Breakwater in Plymouth Sound , said : —Mr . Speaker , I did not presume to trespass upon the patience of the House , when it was in a ; committee on the subject of Plymouth Breakwater . It was in deference . Sir , to the many senior and much more enlightened officers who are now in your presence ; I avail myself , however , of this opportunity