, were reported from the Committee of the whole House , to whom it was referred , to consider further of the Report which , upon the 29th of June , 1808 , was made from the Committee on Public Expenditure , and which Resolutions were , with an Amendment to the second and third , agreed to by the House , might be read ; and the same were read as follow : `` Resolved , That the utmost attention to economy , in all the branches of public expenditure , which is consistent with the interests of the public service , is at all times a great and important duty . `` That for this purpose , in addition to the useful and effective measures already taken by parliament for the abolition and regulation of various sinecure offices , and offices executed by deputy , it is expedient , after providing other and sufficient means for enabling his Majesty duly to recompence the faithful discharge of high and effective civil offices , to abolish all offices which have revenue without employment , and to regulate all offices which have re- 163 venue extremely disproportionate to employment , excepting only such as are connected with the personal service of his Majesty , or of his royal family , regard being had to the existing interests in any offices so to be abolished or regulated . `` That it is expedient to reduce all offices , of which the effective duties are entirely or principally discharged by deputy , to the salary and emoluments actually received for executing the business of such offices , regard being had to any increase which may appear necessary on account of additional responsibility , and sufficient security being taken for due performance of the service in all cases of trust connected with public money , regard being also had to the existing interests in such office . '' The hon . gentleman said , that there was nothing on which the country looked with more pleasure than on the salutary principles of regulation which ought to be applied to Sinecure offices . Nothing , however could be so mischievous as those publications which , being dictated either by ignorance or by malice , tended to make the people imagine , that any reduction which could be made in the department of useless offices , was likely to diminish in any sensible degree the burthens created by the war . It would also be a great imposition on the House , if he should pretend , that the motion which he had to propose could be attended with an immediate economical effect . All that could be done was the establishment of the economical principle ; and this , in the end , would have a sure , though a slow effect . Sinecures were but small drops to be saved from the ocean of expence ; and again , he must caution the public from looking to their abolition as a cause of diminishing the public burthen . Much , certainly , had been done with a view to economy within the last forty years , —much more , indeed , than had been effected in that way from the period of the Revolution . His view was to abolish every office to which no efficient duties were attached ; and this would be productive of gradual benefit . The offices obnoxious to him were those which were only burthen some , and not in any sense advantageous . He would follow the rules established for superannuation in the collection of the revenue ; because as the practice of bestowing sinecures at present stood , there were seldom , any claims of meritorious service ad- 164 vanced , and they were conferred alike on the worthy and unworthy . He hoped the House would always shew its liberality , in being never niggardly to services fairly established : —such money was never ill bestowed ; and , in fact , money must be bestowed , unless we chose to leave public , situations either to the aristocracy of fortune or to needy speculating adventurers