not be maintained suitably to her , rank in the state . If the King were to die tomorrow , and she was to come to the throne what would the right hon . 143 gentleman then do ? Would there be no provision made for her similar to that which had been made for other queens of England ? In the peculiar situation that the right hon . gentleman had stood , first as counsellor to the Princess , and now as minister and adviser to the Prince , there was no man capable of giving more information to the House . He wished to know why he had cast off one client to take a brief from another ? He trusted that the right hon . gentleman was not the fomenter of the existing differences between the royal pair ; and he really thought that he was bound , both to the country and his own character , to give some explanation of his conduct . said , that as for what he was bound to do from regard to the country and his own character , he should always judge for himself . He did not know in what capacity , or with what exact view , the right hon . gentleman came forward thus to question him ; but he had no objection whatever to state , that neither in his capacity of counsellor to her Royal Highness , nor in any other character whatever , had he any charge against her Royal Highness , or the means of bringing forward any charge , and that he never meant to cast the slightest reflection upon her . He would say nothing further on the subject . As to this discussion , he had no delegated authority ; no commands to propose an additional grant for the Princess of Wales . Nevertheless , if he could collect that it was the sense of parliament that such additional provision should be made , he made no doubt but that he would shortly be fully authorized to recommend it . contended , that it was when grants were making for all the other branches of the royal family , that a proposal for an increased establishment of the Princess of Wales might be expected . But the right hon . gentleman now gave the House to understand , that if they absolutely would have it so , why then he would abate something of his dignity , and comply with their desire so far as to recommend a grant to her Royal Highness . But in saying that he was not authorised , —that he had no commands to bring forward such a measure , the right hon . gentleman was declaring , in other words , that he had not advised such a measure . He was glad , however , to have heard the right hon . gentleman state distinctly , that he knew no charge against her Royal 144 Highness as Princess of Wales . All he could conclude was , that as Princess of Wales , and wife of the Prince Regent , the right hon . gentleman and parliament knowing of no charge against her , she ought not to remain dependant on the pleasure of the Prince . said this was the first time , he believed , that the House had been called on to prescribe what Message ought to be communicated to them from the crown . He thought there was a delicacy with respect to the Prince Regent and the Princess of Wales , which the House ought not to lose sight of . considered this subject of the conduct and character of the Princess of Wales improperly introduced in the present question , and by a sort of side wind . Such a consideration was not before the committee , and he thought it unfair to hamper the right hon . gentleman in the way the right hon . gentlemen opposite were attempting . reprobated the doctrine thrown out by the right hon . gentleman , that he felt himself called upon to give no advice , but that