a commutation of the power of the crown . He thought it unequivocally calculated to effect a great reduction in its power , and to make a retrenchment of its prerogative , inconsistent with the principles of the English monarchy . proposed to add the office of first commissioner for India affairs to the second class , which was objected to by Mr. Bankes and others , but was carried . He then proposed to include the office of judge advocate general . supported the proposition , contending , that such officers were not usually taken from high practice , in the law ; and that there was no necessity to tempt persons to take them . said , that Mr . Bond wax eminent in the circuit , and that the present judge advocate had shewn great professional talent , though he had not been in great practice . hoped the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Wynn ) would not spoil the Bill by such extensions . This office ought to be viewed as a judicial one , and not as political.—It would be , therefore , more for its dignity and utility if it were exparliameantary . saw no diffierence in the matter , whether the holder were in or out of parliament , as it respected the merit of his services . thought his hon . and learned friend 's amendment would overlay the present Bill : the office of first commissioner for India affairs for instance , depended merely on the existence of the East India Company . was of opinion , that it would be better that the judge advocate should be an exparliamentary officer . concurred in the same sentiment . did not wish to press his amendment . supported it ; and the question was put and carried . proposed to include the paymaster general , but after some conversation relinquished that amendment . proposed the clerkship of the ordnance for the 4th class . had no objection . said , he should move on the third reading , that it should be distinguished whether the service was in peace or war , on the same principle as the secretaryship of the Admiralty . said that , in the committee he had asked the hon . mover whether he had any objection to allowing that service in an office inferior to the lowest enumerated in the Bill , should in the case of a person promoted from such inferior office to one in either of the four classes , be reckoned in the number of years required ; upon the same principle as that which provided , that service in an office in the fourth class , namely , under secretary of state , —should count towards entitling the party to the pension , in any higher class to which he might be promoted . The hon . mover had given an answer , which was understood not only by Mr. C. but by many other persons present , as being in the affirmative , but as no such provision was to be found in the Bill , he should propose it in a future stage . objected to what affected the Irish pension list , as violating the agreement with the crown for the present King 's life , and moved to omit that passage in the Bill . said , that it did not affect the Civil List , but only its distribution . Colonel Barry 's amendment was negatived .