never would desert the rights of Scotland ; and that if this Bill were to pass , he should feel it his duty to say that it was an unnecessary infringement on the character , faith , and honour of a nation . of Scotland followed on the same side . He was quite aware that gentlemen by no means conceived to what evil results this Bill might lead . At the time of the Union with Scotland it was stipulated , that the municipal law and its regulations should be preserved entire . This was done as much for the sake of supporting private right as for any public consideration ; it was done , in fact , for the safety of the landed proprietors . Scot 1161 land was united to England in their public seal , but in matters of private right it was reserved that Scotland should have a keeper of the great seal . This office was therefore a memorial of the ancient Scottish monarchy , —it was a lasting symbol of that independent kingdom : and , he conceived , that , without the greatest outrage to the feelings of a great portion of the British empire , it could not be destroyed . In this instance he stood up for his country , not as asking a favour from England , but as demanding the preservation of a right . In fact , Scotland was asking nothing from England but the mere keeping of a covenant ; and he was confident that the House would never consent to depart from stipulations which were solemn in their origin and rendered sacred by time . The hon . and learned gentleman then argued on the enactments of the Bill , which entrusted to deputies what it took from the principals . The offices were destroyed or sunk into inferior situations , which no persons but those of inferior rank would ever think of filling . All responsibility was therefore at an end , because it could not be expected that deputies calculated for situations of a few hundreds a year could be sufficiently responsible to the land proprietors of Scotland were the landed rights of Scotland to be thus trifled away In fact , when deputies would be converted into principals as holders of the offices of Scotland , he wished to know what , except the honesty of the deputies , could the landed proprietors of Scotland depend upon ? And as to their honesty , he was afraid that it would require all the pure virtue and all the immaculate character of the chairman of the committee of finance , to withstand the temptations which they would continually meet.—He then went into the details of the Bill . It abolished , in he first place , the office of the keeper of the great seal of Scotland . ( No , from Mr . Bankes . ) The hon . gentleman said no , but he said yes . He should not mind the interruptions of the hon . gentleman , but he would look to the Bill itself . The Bill abolished the emolument of this great office . ( Hear , hear , from Mr. Bankes and the opposition . ) Well what remained of the office after the emolument ? The emolument was what induced responsible persons to take it ; and it was the want of responsibility which he attributed to the enactments of the present Bill . The Bill , to be sure , only said that it regulated this office , but 1162 it in truth abolished it . It gave up a place of high trust and public care to obscure and inferior individuals , who should act as deputies ; and by it , therefore , the property of Scotland was put into unsafe hands . He then contended , that as far as the Bill regarded Scotland it enacted contradictions . It commanded one to be doing particular acts in distinct places at the same time ; and even on this ground the absurdity of the Bill was too evident to be borne with