surrendered to you her independant legislature . She trusted in return , that her people would thenceforth be considered as our own ; admitted to share , not our dangers only , but also their rewards , leading , as well as following their fellow subjects to the field of glory ; partaking with us in the administration of our common interests , and deliberating by the same right as ourselves in the free assemblies of our common country . Then it was , that the British government acting with good faith and liberality , might have reconciled all the long cherished animosities of a divided people , have mitigated instead of inflaming their religious differences , have given to the Protestant that security which two centuries of intolerance have not procured for him , and have restored to the Catholic his civil rights , so formidable to a separate legislature , so harmless in an united parliament . Then was the moment to have established whatever could be desired for mutual security , whatever could contribute to reciprocal affection . Then had already-been obtained from the prelates of the Roman Catholic Church of Ireland a ready consent to those very stipulations from which your improvidence , disappointing their just expectations and violating your own engagements , has taught them also to shrink back with reciprocal distrust and jealousy ; those very stipulations , the 683 want of which forms , as is now pretended , principal obstacle to mutual conciliation . That opportunity has passed away , and its advantages are irrecoverable . Others have since occurred , less favourable certainly than the first , for such is the condition of human affairs , but still such as might have enabled us to accomplish every wish that could be formed by any ' true friend to our civil and religious establishments , by any good citizen of the United Kingdom . All have been equally rejected ; at the Union our gift would have been voluntary , the free will offering of affection , the first fruits of fraternal kindness . How it would have been received , let those say who best know the character of that generous and warm-hearted nation , always conciliated by kindness , always wounded by distrust , but never to be finally alienated except by long continued injustice and oppression . The same boon which we might then have been the first to offer , they have since repeatedly asked from us : and so often has it again been in our power to have poured balm into the wounded spirit of our fellow subjects ; so often have we driven them from our door , repulsed , humiliated , I would add disgraced , if disgrace did not more properly attach to him who offers than to him who sustains an injury . Had we even then , in their earliest intercourse with the British parliament , had we since , when they so often courted our affection , displayed to them a generous and confiding spirit , how easy would then have been the arrangement of every stipulation which fear itself could have annexed to the concession . How ready , how sincere , how complete might have been the union of these sister kingdoms ! How different are now the results of the opposite policy ! How different both our own situation and the disposition of our fellow subjects ! How gradual , how regular , has been the growth of that distrust and jealousy which we have planted in their hearts ! Why do I recount these things ? Is it only to reproach the authors of all this evil , with the calamities consequent on their misgovernment ? That were a poor consolation . My purpose is to remind your lordships , and to impress it on my country , that we have now this last opportunity , not , indeed , of retrieving what we have already lost , that were too much to hope , but of preventing the further accumulation of mischief ; and of averting that dreadful situation , God knows how soon it