bind themselves by those oaths and declarations ; and reflect , too , that the whole question now before us is one of oaths and declarations ; so that you who doubt the Catholics and suspect them of an intention hostile to the Church establishment , and who upon those doubts and suspicions would found an argument for the necessity of the existing penal laws , that is to say , of tests , of disqualifying oaths and declarations , can not for one instant object to the evidence of their loyalty to that establishment , which I am now tendering , because that evidence is your own favourite one of tests by oaths and declarations . Then what are the oaths now universally taken by the Irish Catholics ? They are the strongest that language can convey . I defy the wit of man to devise more ample pledges of attachment to the establishment as a political institution . They are couched in the very words which the most zealous Protestant would be forward to use for the purpose of displaying , nay making a display of his loyalty to the Church . In truth they are the oaths invented by yourselves , as sufficient to satisfy your anxiety for the Church , to disarm your fears for her security , they are the oaths by which you intended to obtain all the safeguards that swearing and declaring can give . Surrounded as I am by lawyers and by Irishmen , ( sir S. Romilly , sir A. Piggott , the knight of Kerry , Mr. Grattan , Mr. Parnell , & c. ) I ask the former what tests more ample , more strict were ever contrived by legislators ; I appeal to the latter which of them has ever been refused by any zealot among the millions of their Catholic countrymen . I will read this document then from the statute book , at once to sweep away from the face of this debate all the imputations which the learned judge has collected from his twopenny anonymous pamphlet , in order to call the conduct of the Irish into question , and to encumber this great question : `` I , A . B , do swear , that I do abjure 893 condemn , and detest , as unchristian and impious , the principle that it is lawful to murder , destroy , or any ways injure any person whatsoever for or under the pretence of being a heretic ; and I do declare solemnly before God , that I believe , that no act in itself unjust , immoral , or wicked , can ever be justified or excused by or under pretence or colour that it was done either for the good of the Church , or in obedience to any ecclesiastical power whatsoever . '' `` And do declare , that I do not believe , that the Pope of Rome , or any other foreign prince , prelate , slate , or potentate , hath or ought to have any temporal or civil jurisdiction , power , superiority , or pre-eminence , directly or indirectly , within this realm . '' `` I do swear , that I will defend , to the utmost of my power , the settlement and arrangement of property in this country , as established by the laws now in being : I do hereby disclaim , disavow , and solemnly abjure any intention to subvert the present Church Establishment , for the purpose of substituting a Catholic Establishment in its stead ; and I do solemnly swear , that I will not exercise any privilege to which I am or may become entitled , to disturb and weaken the Protestant religion and Protestant government in this kingdom . So help me God . '' This I think . Sir , is enough ; but it is not all . I nest answer the learned judge 's pamphleteer , by referring to those Petitions on the table , signed by thousands of the most eminent of the Catholic body , asserting , in terms strong and affecting