say that in the area described within the Breakwater , thirty-six sail of the line may not be placed in fine weather to a mathematical nicety . The reports tell us , that when a ship is taking up her lee anchor , her gun-room port will be eight fathom from the weather anchor of the ship astern of her : I know that ships may lie closer , but that must be in deep water , where there is no chance of ships striking upon each other 's anchor . The first great feeling of responsibility will be running in , and anchoring twenty , or even fifteen sail of the line , in a heavy gale from the south-south west , in the confined space of one mile by a large quarter wide ; and if I had the honour of such a charge , I should feel great uneasiness , and that was running into this confined spot under some degree of risk . I am not quite satisfied about the effect of this Breakwater upon Cawsand bay , it may possibly injure it ; and Cawsand bay has proved a valuable anchorage , under particular circumstances . The First Lord of the Admiralty alluded to the state of the enemy 's ships , that their activity in building was beyond conception , and although they had now but one ship of the line in Brest water , they might soon have thirty-six , the same number which he proposed to place under the Breakwater . If this thirty-six sail of the line should be caught within this Breakwater , in a strong wind from south to S. S. E. the enemy 's fleet might sail from Brest to Ireland , and reach it , before ( including the time for intelligence ) our fleet could well get out of Plymouth Sound . The distance from Plymouth and Brest to Ireland , is nearly the same . In such a situation of things , Sir , the enemy would be invited to invade Ireland , for who is there who will venture to contra- 21 dict me , when I assert , that Ireland will be the stepping-stone to the invasion of England , and not England to the invasion of Ireland ? Then , Sir , would it not be a wise measure , to apply this vote to a naval establishment in Bantry bay , would it not conciliate the affections of the people , and would it not shew that you were determined to treat them with confidence , and afford them the best protection against the common enemy ? Sir , I will only detain the House to say , that although I do not think the Breakwater will by any means answer to the effect of the calculation upon your table : yet the right hon . gentleman has every credit for bringing forward any proposition to improve our road-steads . I am sorry to differ as to the extent of advantage , and in some respects as to the mode of proceeding ; but on the great principle of improving our naval establishments , I certainly concur . With respect to what fell from the right hon . gentleman on the subject of Cherbourg , I can only say , that while I had the honour of commanding that blockade , in the absence of a most experienced and gallant officer , captain Malcolm , I saw with astonishment the activity with which the enemy was building his line of battle ships , completing the works about his bason , and the Breakwater which formed his roadstead . thought the Breakwater would not injure Plymouth Sound ; and that if it should only hold four or five sail it was worth the expence . The enemy could not get out of Brest with a south wind . spoke in favour of the measure ; and hoped that the hon . and gallant officer ( sir H. Popham ) would not press the question of opposing a committee of naval officers . He should have no hesitation of running into the Breakwater