had hitherto not been felt there . At the same time he was aware , that distress of that kind must soon attach to the manufacturers , as , from their immense stock on hand , they must either find a market , or cease to employ their workmen . As a proof that they had not yet been severely afflicted , he corroborated the statement of the right hon . gentleman who preceded him , that the Poor 's Rates had decreased , and noticed that the recruiting service was very slack . As for America , she could not do without Birmingham—she could not even shave herself , or catch her mice without their aid . He had only further to notice , that the signers of this Petition were loyal men , who , if they were convinced that even their immediate privations were for the good of the country , would be content to retire from trade , and dig potatoes in their gardens . conceded that the hon . baronet had given a true description of the condition of Birmingham ; but while he gave credit to the hon . baronet , he was also bound to believe what was stated by the petitioners , who were Birmingham men , and whose account in some points varied very much from his . They stated , that if the Orders in Council were not revoked ruin would follow , and he perfectly believed the fact . It was true the labourers had not yet felt what it was to be out of employment , because the manufacturers , in an exemplary manner , and highly to their honour , bad in these perilous times forgone all those advantages to which commercial men usually looked—they had exhausted their capital for the sake of employing their men , and avoiding those dreadful consequences and disorders , the end of which it was not easy to foresee , but of which every moment was bringing them tidings from various quarters of the kingdom . In such circumstances , the House was peculiarly called on to do all that in them lay , to ward off impending ruin from persons of this meritorious description . All these things demanded enquiry , and proved the expediency of referring it to a committee to ascertain , by their deliberative wisdom , if in their complaint these manufacturers assigned the true causes , and what could be done for their relief . The House would 432 compare the march of the right hon . gentleman this year with his march the year preceding . Last year , when a calamitous case was stated , though by no means comparable with the present , out of respect to the petitioners , although he knew that their prayers could not be attended to , he had agreed to , or rather himself proposed , the appointment of a committee to examine that case . But now all enquiry was refused . He asked the right hon . gentleman to say , if he would consent to allay the exasperated feelings of the country ; and if it was his intention , now when he saw the whole heart of England in confusion , to refer the matter to a committee to enquire if the complaints made were well founded , and , if it must be so , to tell the unhappy complainants there was no relief ? Last year , upon a most extraordinary report as ever came from a committee , exchequer bills for the relief of our great manufacturers had been issued , the whole of which had been employed in continuing the labours of the poor . Of these bills one instalment had fallen due , and was paid—another instalment was due to-morrow . Now had not the right hon . gentleman been told , that so great was the distress of the persons assisted , that having expended the money in the creditable way he had mentioned , they were unable to make good or meet this payment ? Birmingham , they were informed , had not suffered actual distress