. But , my lords , what am I to think now , when I am told that the principal danger exists in Ireland , upon the consideration of the comparative number of Protestants and Catholies . The argument of comparative numbers was never brought forward by the Catholics or their advocates , previous lo the year 1805 , when the Catholics presented their Petition for liberty to have seats in parliament ; but now that the Union has passed , when we were told that all dangers on the score of numbers would vanish , we are referred again to the argument of numbers , in order to impress us with the danger of refusal . But , my lords , I did not think that the noble baron who spoke last , would call upon me to abandon my apprehensions , or would impute to me principles of intolerance , or unfounded timidity , upon this subject ; when I recollect what has been urged by the noble baron himself , both within and without these walls , as to the dangers which he thinks it necessary to obviate ; and as to the securities which he would think it indispensable for the Catholics to give him , before he would consent to any farther relaxation in their favour . Can we approve the sentiments expressed by the noble baron , upon the subject of what is called the Veto ? And has not 692 the noble baron stated somewhere outside these walls , sentiments , in my mind , directly contradictory to the arguments which he has urged this night ? I hold in my hand some extracts from a letter which the noble lord has given to the world as his own ; in which he has declared it to be indispensible , that before the Roman Catholics can be allowed to enjoy exemption from those restrictions , it is absolutely necessary that they should disclaim and renounce certain tenets and principles , incompatible with the removal of those restrictions which we have thought necessary- , before he can consent to any further concession . But the noble baron has not told us that the Catholics have offered those securities that will satisfy his doubts : nor that he has any plan to offer which shall satisfy yours . When , on a former occasion , the noble lord and his friends , arguing on this question , took upon them to state , that the Catholics were ready lo concede the Veto ; the assertion was publicly contradicted by a Roman Catholic bishop , the accredited agent of the Roman Catholic hierarchy of Ireland ; and upon which authority we were told the proposition was avowed by the advocates of the Roman Catholics in this , and the other House of Parliament ; and therefore , if the noble baron answers my objections on this occasion , by referring me to the opinions of Mr. Pitt , I fancy he will find it easier , as Mr. Pitt did , to laugh at them , than answer them . ( Here the noble lord read some quotations from the celebrated Letter of lord Grenville to lord Fingal , and continued . ) I think if the noble baron had recollected his own doctrine upon this occasion , he would not have laughed at any apprehensions of Popery , nor what he is pleased to call the exclusive principle which I maintain in common with those two learned universities , to whose Petitions he has alluded . With respect to some principles which have been quoted from the publications of some Roman Catholic writers , this night , I agree , that what a particular individual might say , could not be considered as binding on a whole body ; but from an extract which I hold in my hand from a pamphlet , avowedly published by Dr. Milner , a Catholic bishop , and the avowed agent here , of the Catholic hierarchy in Ireland , I think I am warranted in saying , that the Veto which the noble lord holds to be an