the liberality of the united parliament for a participation of those privileges of the constitution which are still withheld from them . The third head of objections against the measure appears to be of a speculative nature . My right hon . and learned friend has expressed doubts whether the removal of the disabilities would produce the benefits expected from it . To this , I can only reply , that , if the incapacities complained of are admitted to be a rational ground of discontent , there seems a good foundation for inferring , that , by taking away the cause , we should , in a great degree , remove the effects.— '' Oh ! but , '' it is said , `` a few of the leading members of the Catholic body may feel an interest in the object , but the mass of the Catholic population are perfectly indifferent to it ; '' and this has been a very frequent and favourite topic with several very leading supporters of Protestant monopoly . Is it , however , to be believed , that three fourths of the people of Ireland , living in the midst of the franchises of the British constitution , should not wish to participate the privileges enjoyed by the other fourth ? And 871 is it right—is it politic—is it safe that a nation remarkable for talents , and growing daily in numbers , opulence , and power , should be bereft of all hope of attaining to stations of honour and eminence in the state , but through political change and revolution ? Let us now turn our eyes to the commercial part of the community . Is it possible that , when a person in that most respectable vocation of life , has , by his industry and integrity , acquired wealth and a well merited consideration amongst his fellow citizens , he should not feel galled by his exclusion from all municipal and corporate dignities , —from even such commercial companies as the Bank ? Let gentlemen look to the situation of the bar , a body which has every where a mighty sway on society , and the influence of which is not diminished by its distance from the seat of empire . I speak in the presence of the most eminent and distinguished members of that profession . Is there any one amongst you who , when he has arrived at all the estimation to which wealth , and diligence , and learning , and ability , can lead in professional practice , who would not feel disparaged and mortified at being precluded from aspiring to those high offices , which , though certainly situations of considerable labour , are stations of dignified repose , compared with the hurry and bustle and fatigue of the ordinary practice of the profession ? But it is to be recollected , that these impressions are not confined to the members of that learned body : they extend to fathers , and sons , and uncles , and cousins , and the most remote connections , and are thus diffused throughout every class and gradation of society . This is a matter of grave and serious reflection ; for surely there never existed a period in the history of our country , when it more behoved us to draw whatever talents , virtue , and industry could be found in the state into a capacity to serve it . In the army , too , what is the encouragement held out to Catholics of fortune and education , and of noble families , who , after having gone through the drudgery of the junior ranks of the profession , maimed and wounded , perhaps , in fighting the battles of their country , and with their health exhausted by noxious climates , are condemned to see their juniors in the service , and persons possibly of far inferior qualifications and merit to themselves , pass by them to the superior stations of the profession ? 872 There are other circumstances of absurd incongruity connected with this part of the subject , which