our present security against all that danger ? Our present security , as I understand it to be stated on the other night , results from oaths , some of which the Roman Catholics refuse to take : ( and therefore we are influenced against them on account of this refusal , ) and some other oaths which you tendered them , and which they have taken . So that it seems the principal body of our security now is , a reliance upon that very point which will be used as the argument the other way , to be the point of danger . The point of danger is , that we can not rely upon any oath that these men may take as pledges for their conduct ; because they can be absolved from those oaths by the dispensing power of that Church of which they are members , end from any oath which they may think inconsistent with their tenets , or with any of those doctrines that have been imputed to them . This is the danger we are taught to apprehend ; the security is , that these people will not take these oaths ; without them they can not enter into any office , and on that we rely . And yet , if we examine the argument on the other side , I mean the argument of the danger that may result from these concessions , the very first thing that stares us in the face is , `` you must substitute some peculiar oath . '' I would ask then , if their oath can not be relied upon in one instance , how can you rely upon them in another ? especially as there is a supreme power existing ( God knows where ) of dispensing with their adherence to these oaths , and that the tenets of their religion are such , that however they may desire so to do , yet that you can not rely upon any one of them . Why then , my lords , I wish to enquire into that point . Upon what is it that we rest our belief , that if the Roman Catholics were admitted into office , or into parliament , that their first object must be the demolition of the Protestant establishment ? It will not be denied , I think , that if the danger does really exist , you are now , at this moment , suffering from it . But what is this danger that is apprehended ? Why , it is said that the first desire of these persons , on coming into power , will be to demolish the present establishment . Do you really suppose , that the principles of human nature are different in a. Catholic from what they are in a Protestant ? or 620 that being once fixed in places of trust and honour , they will immediately proceed to destroy the establishment : and that in proportion as you increase the desire of office , you in that ratio increase the desire of destroying that very system which affords an opportunity of gratifying such desire ! If any danger actually exists to the establishment , it is in that system which excludes the Catholics from all those advantages . Surely , therefore , it will not be contended that the danger will be increased , by admitting them to those advantages . The natural consequence must be to increase their allegiance , and rivet their affections to the state . I think , my lords , I have already shewn that this step would not only increase their wishes to serve their king and country , but diminish any principle of resistance that might exist in their minds ; because when you throw widely open the door of promotion and advancement , you do it to the whole body : so that in fact , by the individual interest you excite , you unite the whole body in the pursuit of the same views and objects with yourselves . You not only excite in them the desire and laudable