also of not opening the distilleries so soon ; but government could not be expected to adopt what would prove injurious to the revenue . As to the contracts entered into by the distillers , the very moment the law passed , it would operate in bar of any demands against the distillers ; and if that was not the case , he was prepared to bring in a clause to secure them in this respect , as it was not his wish to take any unfair advantage of the distillers . said , that when the question was , whether distillation or exportation should be prohibited , he thought the milder method should be first tried . It was bad policy to make the agricultural system depend on caprice or change of circumstances , unless there was a pressing necessity for it . He agreed , that in the present case , something mutt be done , and he therefore gave his assent to the milder measure as an experiment . The Resolution was then agreed to . said , that the first Resolution he should have to propose to the Committee , was for laying an additional duty of 2s . 6d . a gallon on Irish made spirits , thereby doubling the duty now paid . Two objects would be promoted by this—the relief of the brewing trade in Ireland , which , according to the Report of the Committee that sat last year , was necessary , as the extensive use of spirits , inconsequence of illicit distillation , had very much increased , and thereby the health , morals , and industry of the people were materially affected ; and they gave it as their opinion , that the first opportunity should be made use of to lay an additional duty on spirits , in order to render their consumption less general . Another object which would be promoted by this additional duty , was , the assistance it would give towards effecting the measure he had proposed . The duty now proposed , was higher than had ever been paid ; for though a higher duty had been laid on before , it had never taken effect , in consequence of the stoppage of distillation . That duty was 6s . 3d . the present would be 5s . 10d . including the malt duty which was larger than had ever been col- 244 lected on spirits distilled from corn . He knew that the objection hitherto was the danger of illicit distillation ; but he trusted that would be found to be considerably diminished , in consequence of the measures which had been adopted last year : for by a comparison of the returns made up to the last assizes with those of the last three years , up to the 29th of September , of the number of stills seized , and of prosecutions for illicit distillation , it appeared that they amounted to two-thirds more in the last year than in any former one . In addition to the measures adopted , the permission to small stills to distil would be very efficacious , and would make it unnecessary to resort to those severe and harassing laws which had been suspended for two years , and which he intended to move for the repeal of in the course of this session . He had to observe that the duty in the present case was to be laid only on the stock in hand . He then concluded by moving— '' That it is the opinion of this committee , that from and after the 8th day of April , there be laid on every gallon of strong water or spirits made in Ireland a duty of 2s . 6d . per gallon in addition to the duty now paid . '' was extremely happy to see the present motion brought forward , and thought there was no sacrifice which ought not to be made to the great object of preventing the excessive use of spirits among the lower orders in Ireland . He hoped a full and fair trial would be