of the whole business . Gentlemen should take into the consideration of the question , the heavy burdens which were imposed upon the people ; there was , assuredly , no period when it was more necessary to do so . The last paper which had been put into the hands of the members of that House , ought to render them more particularly cautious in adding to a pressure already so severe . It appeared that of 98 millions of money , which now constituted the annual expenditure of the country , five millions had been added since last year ; and there was an addition of not less than the enormous sum of 55 millions since the commencement of the war . Besides , great as were the estimates for the current year , he was confident that they would be exceeded by the expences of it , and he would beg further to remind the House , that our funded debt was not less than 817 millions , while our unfunded debt amounted to fifty four . He was influenced by no party feeling in what he bad uttered , and would conclude , by moving , `` That the further consideration of the Report be postponed to that day six months . '' Some conversation took place on the effect of such an Amendment on the part of the Report nut objected to , Mr. Fremantle consented to with draw his Amendment , and another was moved at the suggestion of Mr. Bankes , substituting the sum of 484,000l . for the original sum of 524,000l . which the House was called on to vote . objected to the erection of barracks at Liverpool , upon the ground of that town being by no means situated in the direct line to Ireland ; and as it was important to preserve the intercourse with that Country as closely as possible , he thought the most natural course of communication would be by the way of Portsmouth and Plymouth to the Cove of Cork , a course which would he peculiarly advantageous ; first , from the march of 1140 the troops from Kent and Sussex , the two principal military counties of England , being much less circuitous to the last-mentioned places than to Liverpool , and next , from the great facility of debarkation between Kin sale and Cork , from the peculiar-boldness of the shores . He then adverted to the local objections to the erection of barracks at Event on , and suggested the propriety , if it was determined to erect barracks at Liverpool , to select some place less objectionable ' to the inhabitants.—A number of villas had been built on the adjacent grounds , and it was a favourite spot , to which the merchants and mariners of Liverpool retired after weathering the storms of life . thought that the profusion of the proposed grant had been unanswerably shewn by the hon . gentleman who moved the amendment . He himself did know of the scandalous jobs in the erection of barracks at Bath ; and with regard to the scite of the proposed barracks at Liverpool , it was very likely that a beautiful view for the officers might enter into the plans of those who suggested them . The expence of the barracks at Bath was much greater than in any other instance , but the new barracks at Marylebone would cost four times as much . If the House assented to such profusion , they must labour under the grossest delusion with regard to the feelings of the people on the subject of our expences.—A man could hardly enter a stage coach , but the first questions which he heard were , How is the country to go on with our present expences ? How is the loan of the present year to be made ? '' and other enquiries of a similar kind . In the present depressed state of our manufactures and commerce , no one circumstance so much aggravated the feelings of the people from one end of the kingdom to the other , as