situation their Royal Highnesses now stood , as forming part of the domestic establishment at Windsor ; and he did not know , therefore , that any provision , immediately to take place , might be necessary ; but he thought it of importance that they should be placed in a condition which would enable them to form , their separate establishments if they wished it . It was his intention to propose , that to each of the four Princesses they should grant the sum of 9,000l . per annum , exclusive of the grant of 4,000l . each from the Civil List , which being during pleasure was not to be relied on as a certainty . He should therefore move for the sum of 36,000l . At the death of one of them he would propose , that the survivors should receive 10,000l . per annum each ; at the death of a second , the two remaining to continue to receive 10,000l . each ; and on the death of a third , the sole survivor to receive 12,000l . per ann . This arrangement , the difference in the times considered , he did not think would appear to the House as proposing an unreasonable advance on the sum originally named as a provision for the Princesses . He had no reason to suppose the Princesses would wish to remove from the establishment on which they were at present , but if they did not choose to remain there the whole year round , he thought it was unreasonable at the period of life to which they had attained , that they should not be allowed the means of fuming an establishment of their own , or of changing their residence at and period of the year for their health , convenience , or pleasure . He concluded by moving , '' That it is the opinion of this committee that an annuity of 36,000l . be granted to the King , to enable him to make a provision for the Princesses Augusta , Sophia , Elizabeth and Mary , instead of the annuity of 30,000l . formerly granted , to be payable out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain , and that it do supersede the former grants made in 129 the 18th and 39th of his present Majesty . '' presumed that the right hon . gentleman , in proposing to give 9,000l . a year to the Princesses , assumed as a fact that his Majesty was defunct with regard to them . His proposition , therefore was , that to the 7,500l . a year , to which they were entitled under the former act , 1,500l . more should be added ; and in addition to this annuity , which they were now called on to vote , their Royal Highnesses received 4,000l . a year each from the Civil List , during the pleasure of the Prince Regent , making their whole annual income 13,000l . This sum , great as it was , he by no means considered as too great for the separate establishment of each ; but it appeared by the act of 1799 , that it was in the contemplation of parliament that the Princesses would live together , and why any gentleman should suppose , or take it for granted , that they would desire separate establishments , affectionately forming one family as they did at present , he could not conceive . In that point of view , then , presuming that their Royal Highnesses would not form separate establishments , he thought the sum too great . But there was another consideration which struck him as very important . Would there be any saving to the Civil List by this grant ? At present there was a charge in the lord stewards department for table , attendants , dresses , & c. for the Princesses : was that to be continued : If it was , then a sum would be given to their Royal Highnesses which they did not want . His greatest objection to the present vote , however