them on our part out of parliament , and wishing that those claims should be submitted to a full and impartial discussion in parliament , and be decided there upon their own intrinsic merits . I did , therefore , on a former night , deprecate any assumption of fact which , I am convinced , is unfounded ; such as , that a majority of the Protestants of the north of Ireland were favourable to the Roman Catholic claims ; and which statement , I feared , would have the effect of promoting Protestant meetings , to declare their sentiments , and petition on the subject , against the Roman Catholic claims , and thereby interrupt conciliation and harmony between them and their Protestant neighbours , which ought to be objects with every good man to encourage . That I have adopted this principle in my own person with some effect , I trust , will appear evident from this Petition having been entrusted to my care , although I promised to the petitioners that I could not support their claims . I do , however , with confidence assure the House of Commons , that it is subscribed by a peaceable , industrious , and loyal body of Roman Catholics , and is well entitled to a respectful reception from this House . '' rose and said : Sir ; I have changed the question , and instead of a committee to consider the Petitions I propose to move for a committee to revise the laws . Thus every person who thinks that redress should be administered , whether in a greater or loss degree , whether by applying to the executive power to take a leading part in the business , ( as was the opinion of a right hon . gentleman , whose opinion deserves every consideration , ) or by proceeding ourselves to administer relief , must , I say , concur in this motion.—The present powers of England chiefly regard Ireland and America ; your efforts in other places must be chiefly influenced by fortune , but here you can arbitrate your own destinies ; here wisdom may save , or folly may undo : and if you err here , you lose deliberately , and by your own fault , your strength in the new world , and your anchor in the old . The question I shall propose is a new one ; it was hitherto debated upon the circumstance , it is on the principle you are now to decide . The doom of Ireland lies before you ; and if you finally decide against her Petitions you declare that 729 three-fourths of the Irish , and one-fourth of the empire , shall be disqualified for ever . When you say we will not accede to the wishes of Ireland now , and advance no reason which must not always exist , you mean never , though you did not say `` never , '' because you can not give to the tremendous sentence its proper denomination—a sentence abominable , unutterable , unimaginable . The sentence purports to disqualify for ever three-fourths of the people of Ireland for adhering in their own country to the religion of their ancestors ; recollect that Ireland is their country , and that your power in that country is founded on her liberties ; that religion is their right , and the gospel is their properly ; —revelation is the gift of God , given to man to be interpreted according to the best of that understanding which his Maker has bestowed . The Christian religion is the property of man , independent of the state : the naked Irishman has a right to approach his God , without a licence from his king ; in this consists his duty here , and his salvation hereafter ; the state that punishes him for the discharge of that duty , violates her own ; and offends against her God , and against his fellow-creature ; you are the only civilized nation who disqualify on account of religion . I allow that where religion is accompanied with