to exclude them . I would no more fear a man , simply because he adored the Virgin Mary , than , on the other hand , I would have formerly feared a Puritan , simply because he sickened at an organ , or a surplice . No , Sir : it is , because the keys of heaven were made to unlock every thing that is valuable upon earth ; it is because the tiara is too much made up of terrestrial crowns ; and the priestcraft , ( as is somewhere well said ) has what Archimedes wanted , another world to fix its engines upon , and so can do what it will with this . It is not that the Romish religion is dangerous , is hostile to all civil government . ( Whoever maintained so absurd a position ? ) To some forms of civil government , to monarchy , even to absolute monarchy it is favourable : but it must be a Catholic monarchy ; it is dangerous , it is hostile to every other . It is said , even to a proverb , of the element fire , that it is `` a good servant and a bad master ; '' now the very converse is true of Popery ; where it has the ascendancy , nothing is to be apprehended from it to the state , where it has not , it is to be dreaded and guarded against . I will not go through the detail of these doctrines and maxims , which have so fully , at different times , been exhibited to this House , and which , in fact , a very moderate Acquaintance with history must have forced upon every man 's attention ; I forbear it , because it is superfluous , and I forbear it from inclination ; I am not for visiting upon this generation all the usurpation and iniquities of their forefathers , I would not advert to this to render them obnoxious , but ourselves secure . I am not for using retaliation , but I am for using experience . Now I am aware . Sir , that these doctrines and maxims have been solemnly disclaimed , I am ready to admit they have been disclaimed at the very fountain-head , by those from whom such a disclaimer comes with the most authenticity and the 802 most weight . But upon examining the tenor of those documents , and more especially the most explicit and valuable of them all ( Pope Pius 's letter ) we shall find little reason to be satisfied . They deny and they disclaim too much . It is not `` that their Church does not , at this day , hold such and such doctrines , but that it never did , it is not that their Church does not arrogate to itself such and such powers now , but that it never did . '' Now will history bear them out in this ? Will their own councils and decrees bear them out ? In this view it is not only as to veracity , that the whole statement becomes suspicious . But , though the assertion be correct , what do we gain from the protestations of a Church whose practice has been so systematically at variance with its avowed principles ? for really is it possible that we can look upon the successive and progressive usurpations ( I might almost have said lives ) of such a series of Popes , as mere exceptions and carnal deviations from the established tenets of their own Church , and with all their infallibility too ? It is true , that the maxims are disowned , but in disowning them no change whatever is professed . It is still `` The milk-white hind unspotted and unchanged . '' What then is to secure us ? We can look back and see what was her conduct in former ages , and when we look forward , what shall assure us that it shall not recur ? What , but the want of inclination ! A