in your own hands ; and if you throw out the civil liberty of the Irish Catholic , depend on it , Old England will be weighed in the balance , and found wanting : you will then have dug your own grave , and you may write your own epitaph— '' England died because she taxed America , and disqualified Ireland . '' It is worthy to enquire , how many rights you violate in order to destroy yourselves and your fellow subjects . You assume a right to make partial laws , or laws against the very principles of legislation . You govern one part of the society by one code , and the other by a distinct one . You make laws as arbitrary as they are partial , that is to say , you disqualify one part of the society for differences , not more essential in a political point of view , than colour or complexion : as if you should say , no man shall be a general , who has black hair ; no man shall be a member of parliament , who has brown . You not only make partial and arbitrary laws , but you invade the sacred right of religion ; and you with a sentence ; which is 736 eternal , invade the sacred cause of liberty . Tell them they must extend their constitution to their empire , or limit their empire to their Church establishment . They say you have a power to regulate qualifications ; that is , you are a trustee for the privilege ; but if under pretence of regulation you destroy the privilege , you exceed your power and violate your trust . Thus , if you enacted , that no man who had less than 3,000l . a year should be a member of parliament , you would disqualify the people of England , and break your trust . Thus when you , on the pretence of regulation , forbid the Catholics to sit in parliament , you disqualify a great part of the people of Ireland , and break your trust . It is said , parliament may do partial ill for the general good . Yes ; but the majority can not take away the liberty of the minority , for this never can be the general good : still less can the minority , as in the case of Ireland , take away the liberty of the majority ; that would be a breach of the principle , by which the society is compacted . You can not rob one part of the society of her property , to enrich the community ; still less can you rob one part of the society of her liberty ; and least of all can you do that in the case of Ireland , which is connected with England , as that liberty is protected . When the general good means the existence of the state , there the ruling power may abandon a part to save the remainder . But what is understood by the general good in its modern application ? It means power , as opposed to liberty : such was the case in the American Stamp act , such was the case of the British statutes that restrained the trade of Ireland ; such is the case now , it is the power of one sect over the privileges of the other : and what is that but the disqualification of the part , and the dismemberment of the whole . Whenever one sect degrades another , on account of religion , such degradation is the tyranny of a sect . When you enact , that , on account of his religion , no Catholic shall sit in parliament , you do what amounts to the tyranny of a sect . When you enact that no Catholic shall be a sheriff , you do what amounts to the tyranny of a sect . When you enact , that no Catholic shall be a general , you do what amounts to the tyranny of a sect . There are