of labourers had been invited from Ireland and Wales ; but the funds for the construction of the works having fallen short , a number of them had been thrown out of employment , which gave rise to the establishment of a soup committee for their relief . The Committee had , however , since found that though such numbers had at first received this assistance , there were never more than between 3 and 4,000 who really wanted it . At present , the labourers on the docks had 3s . a day ; and when some gentlemen wanted to employ some of the hands in country labour in the neighbourhood , they could hardly procure them . The report then went on to state , that there was scarcely a British ship out of employment in the port of Liverpool , nor a ship carpenter out of employment who was worth it . conceived the best mode of judging of the state of the town , would be to take the medium between the two accounts ; most certainly there had been a considerable diminution in the trade . It had been stated by his hon . friend , on a former occasion , that there were 56 ships unemployed : not one half of that number , however , were for sale . When it was recollected that three fourths of the trade of Liverpool was to America , could it be thought extraordinary that there was a stagnation ? He trusted that the inconvenience would be of a temporary nature only ; the chief cause of the distress arose from the depression of the colonial trade . was not disposed to place much reliance on the statement read by the hon . general ; for it was well known , that in all the petty corporate towns of the kingdom , the mayor and corporation were always eager , and mostly interested in supporting the measures of the minister of the day , and were ready to proclaim them as the best possible for the interests of the country . But he could not help remarking , the great injury that must result from misrepresentations of topics of this nature , and from statements of the flourishing state of our commerce , when the fact was notoriously the reverse . If 115 the right hon . gentleman opposite , by whom it was the misfortune of the country to be ruled , was real so weak as to believe the report of the may or and aldermen of corporate towns , and to be guided by them in forming his opinions , there was really very little chance of any relief being afforded to the distressed commerce of the country . The American trade was essentially destroyed , and whether we had an equivalent , though it had been hinted that we had , was a question which he would not now discuss . As to the shipping interest in general , if the right hon . gentleman would not listen merely to interested people , who told him that his system was the wisest and best of systems , he would learn that the shipping trade was at present a losing concern , not only in Liverpool , but in London also . The House , however , had been led to expect , that an equivalent for the defalcation of so many branches of our commerce would be obtained , and a right hon . gentleman had hinted , that a great trade was likely to be opened with Prance , by means of licences . Now , the conditions on which these licences were to be granted , he understood to be these : that we were to import French laces , lawns , cambrics , linens , and jewellery in French ships , or at least in ships belonging to countries under the power of France ; and in return for these goods we were merely to export colonial produce at the rate of 5l . per ton . So that for the purpose of relieving and encouraging our manufacturers , we