, supposing him a mere clerk , he would be bound faithfully to read the communications to his Royal Highness , and faithfully to write whatever his Royal Highness should command . But in his character of privy counsellor , he was bound by his oath to give his advice upon what he read . He ( Mr. Wynn ) if he were in such a capacity should , in reading such communications , feel himself bound to give the best counsel he could upon the subject to which they referred . But was it really 337 fitting that the cabinet ministers should have their advice to their sovereign subject to the revision of his private secretary . If , indeed , it were acknowledged to be consistent with the constitution of this country , to have both an interior and exterior cabinet , he could understand why there should be a fourth secretary to carry the communications from one to the other . If it were constitutional for the sovereign to have both an open ministry and a private junta to carry on the government , such a secretary might be necessary to conduct the correspondence between these two bodies . If it were once allowed to be regular for a general officer , returning from an important expedition , and retiring from a situation of great responsibility , to give in a private report to the sovereign with a request not to shew it to his open advisers , then , indeed , there must be a private secretary of this kind . If it was regular that the high offices of the household should be hawked about , by the menial servants and attendants of the crown—as it was possible they might be on some occasions—then he could conceive the use of such an office as this ; though , even then , he was satisfied there ought to be a regular and formal appointment , that the officer might be responsible . This was a most important view of the subject , and one which deserved the most serious attention of the House . If the time at which the advisers of the crown had chosen to recommend this illegal step were contemplated , it would be found equally obnoxious . He would not now enlarge on the present distresses of the country , ( on which nearly all could speak with feeling , because nearly all felt , ) not because he feared the imputation that he was attempting to excite discontent , but because it was not called for . He despised popular clamour as much as any man , but he entertained great respect for public opinion , and public opinion declared that at this period , least of all , should any addition be made to the vast expenditure of the country . Colonel M'Mahon in the first instance , was named to an office , the abolition of which , a Committee of the House had strongly recommended , and when parliament decided that he should not retain it , the ingenuity of government had been directed to discover a new office , at least objectionable in the next degree . What would the public say of this but that a determination was evinced to create a place in order to compensate 338 Col. M'Mahon for that of which he had been deprived in obedience to the sense of parliament ? He would not enter into the nature of the services of Col. M'Mahon ; it was doubtless proper that they should be rewarded , but were the places in the household of the Regent caught at with such rapacious greediness that nothing could be saved for a faithful servant ? Would not the privy purse suffice , or if the salary were inadequate , could not the place of equerry be subjoined ? If both together were not sufficient , surely other situations might have been discovered to fill up the measure of reward . He was quite at a loss to imagine , on what solitary ground this appointment was rested , since it was neither authorized by the