of the manufactures of that town . in answer to a question which was put in the course of the discussion yesterday , upon the subject of the Orders in Council , stated , that , from his recollection of the conversation between the manufacturers of Birmingham , and the President of the Board of Trade , the right hon . gentleman did assimilate the state of this country and France to two persons in a bucket of water . He did not recollect the exact words which had been used , but he certainly could bear testimony to the respect and attention with which the deputation was received . And he denied , therefore , that the right hon . gentleman had treated it with any thing like levity or insult . observed , that all the efforts which had been made on that side of the House to obtain a committee proved fruitless ; but he was glad to see , that now petitions had arrived from almost every district in the country , that now the voice of the nation spoke aloud , government had so far yielded as to consent to enquiry . Such being the case , he should certainly not go into that length on the subject , which it was otherwise his intention to have done , but should confine himself to a few observations in reply to some part of the speech of the right hon . gentleman , which he thought calculated to deceive the House . With regard to the expression which had been so often mentioned that evening , he would only say , that he could hardly be induced to believe on any evidence , that the right hon . gentleman would treat with levity and disrespect such respectable persons as those who composed the deputation from Birmingham ; but if the right hon . gentleman had really wished to characterise the proceedings of government , he could not have done it more aptly than by those words . As to the matter before the House , the only part of it that was at all interesting , was not how the Orders in Council had originated , not what had been their progress , but whether the period had now arrived when an end ought to be put to them . And this view of the question had a particular reference to America . It had been certainly held out to America that we were ready to repeal our Orders in Council when the 1106 French government should substantially repeal its Berlin and Milan Decrees . Whether that repeal had really taken place in such a manner as to call upon us to revoke our Orders in Council , was another consideration ; but it was maintained that America was so hostile in its government towards this country , that the mere repeal of our Orders in Council would not now satisfy the United States . He would admit , if that case could be proved , it would be a strong argument why the Orders in Council should not be repealed , supposing them to be beneficial to the country . The fact was not as stated however . Whoever would look into the correspondence between the American and British governments , would find it distinctly stated by the former , that upon the repeal of our Orders in Council , their non importation act should be rescinded . The repeal of those Orders , he contended , was the only thing America required ; there was no difference with her—no question at issue , upon the principle of blockade asserted by this country . The correspondence would abundantly prove that ; and the result which every person must draw from a perusal of that correspondence was , that the whole depended upon the repeal of our Orders in Council . Another question was , whether the French Decrees had been actually repealed , and he was willing to admit that there were some circumstances which , in his mind , made him think that France had not acted up to her professions . The point