was resorted to , to beat down the high price of provisions , and to prevent the distress which arose from that circumstance . He hoped , therefore , that this proposition would be found effectual when coupled with some others which he would have to propose , but if he should be disappointed , it then would be time enough to adopt some other mode of proceeding . The time to which he proposed to limit the operation of the Bill which he proposed to bring in , was the 31st of December , and it would be modelled in the same manner as the Bill for prohibiting distillation from grain in England , but it would vest in the Lord Lieutenant a power to permit the exportation of grain after the 1st of October , if he should deem it expedient , or to continue the provisions of the Bill for 40 days after the opening of the next session of parliament . It was also his purpose that the measure should commence from this day , as otherwise large quantities of corn might be sent out of the country before the Bill could take effect , but care would be taken to prevent any injury being sustained by any individual , as he proposed to empower the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland to hear any case and grant such redress as they might think just . He concluded by moving , `` That it is expedient to suspend , from and after the 8th day of April 1812 , for a time to be limited , the exportation from Ireland to parts beyond the seas , spirits made or distilled in that part of the United Kingdom from corn or grain . '' said , that the object in view would , in his opinion , be better promoted , by the stoppage of distillation from grain altogether , and it would , besides , mark the attention of the Irish government to the wants of the people . thought it surprising that government did not go into a general consideration of the resources of the country with respect to its supplies of corn , after the quantity that was annually imported , He thought that a rise on the price of grain would insure a constant supply , and two bushels more on the acre through the country would give an abundance . Ministers should have a more accurate view of the whole agriculture of the country , and would by that means have it in their power to adopt some general measure instead of those temporary expedients now resorted to . He wished to God , for the 241 sake of the health and morals of the people , that an additional duty was laid on spirits , which would oblige them to make use of the wholesome and nutritious beverage of porter . of Dublin said , that it was impossible for him to allow this measure to go forward , without entering his protest against what was likely to prove so injurious to the whole body of the distillers of Ireland . It would ; in the first place , throw a great superabundance of spirits into the country ; and in the next place , he thought they should be very cautious how they interrupted a trade which was likely to be so beneficial . Another measure offered itself , which , he thought , would have a better effect ; namely , the stopping of distillation after a certain time . It was to be considered too , that large contracts had been entered into , and this measure would throw a damp on all enterprise or speculation , for which reasons he felt it his duty to dissent from the Resolution . said , that no man could more heartily concur in any measure , which appeared likely to obviate the difficulties or distresses of the people than himself , but he could not help considering the present as inefficacious . Some documents should be before the House to enable them to form a correct judgment , and to