, who in the present circumstances of the world would do any thing to endanger the credit of the Bank . As to the mode of endangering it , he knew that he differed widely from the right hon . gentleman . He believed it to be perfectly impossible , at present , whatever it might be at other periods , to fix any precise limit to the issues of the Bank , without producing serious occasional inconvenience to the public service . With respect to the disposition of the right hon . gentleman not to oppose this measure , he would be extremely happy to see this disposition exerted on other occasions , and extended to all questions relative to the policy of the present administration . said , that the right hon . gentleman was mistaken in supposing , that he would not oppose any measure brought forward by him ; he would give no such pledge , as he never saw any gentleman whom he was so much inclined to oppose . immediately moved , `` That a 13 Secret Committee be appointed to examine the total amount of the outstanding demands on the Bank of England , and likewise of the funds for discharging the same ; and that they do also enquire into , and report their opinion upon , the effects produced by the Order in Council of the 27th of February 1797 . '' objected to the motion ; and stated , that the Bill which had been brought in that night was not introduced at the desire or request of the Bank of England , any more than the Bill of last session , commonly called Lord Stanhope 's Bill . He spoke not in the character of a Bank Director , but from himself alone . In that view , he could not see any necessity for the committee which was proposed . If , indeed , the Bank Directors had desired the present measure , he should think it a sufficient reason for the appointment of a committee . The actual amount of the issue of Bank notes at present was 22,500,000l . which , of course , did not include Bank tokens . If any member moved for any particular return , he would second it . He was surprised that any member should so far under-value the securities of the Bank : as every acre of land in the country might be considered as forming a part of the securities for the Exchequer Bills . There was a debt owing from government to the Bank of 11,600,000l . and the two loans , which altogether amounted to near twenty millions . This was sufficient security . The Exchequer Bills , as he had before observed , stood on the most solid ground . He thought that parliament was right in calling , from time to time , for the amount of Bank notes in circulation , and for other particalars , but he could see no reason for entering into such a committee as the hon . member proposed . As to what had been said of the sordid and selfish views of the Bank , many matters of great public interest had been assisted by the liberality of the management of the Bank ; and he challenged the right hon . gentleman to show a single instance in which the public had not received their portion of the profits said to have been made by that corporation . objected to the motion . The amount of Exchequer Bills and loans , & c. was generally known . If the question stood on the solvency of the Bank , then it ought to go to the committee that a report might be made , which would shew that an opinion adverse to the Bank 's solvency 14 rested on a false foundation . He was favourable to all fair and reasonable enquiry , but he must say , that it was not the object of the Bank Directors to gain base lucre . If they were misled , it was in their wish to assist the mercantile world