shut his eyes to what every man could see but himself , and resort to those imputations , which no man who was acquainted with the subject , could hesitate to reject ? He would own that in some inflammatory publications he had met with some topics to which the hon . gentleman had alluded ; but he did not expect that any member could be found who would come down to that House for the purpose of making such statements . The hon . gentleman had spoken of golden opportunities for making peace , which ministers had neglected : but he did not say , he could not say whether one of those opportunities presented itself now ; and if no such opportunity existed , where was the policy in asserting , that there was no salvation for the country but in peace ? It would be impossible for him to say so much against the peace he recommended , as by saying that we were unable to go on with the war . The hon . gentleman had always said that he would not accept of peace but upon honourable terms . If , then , peace could not be obtained 308 upon honourable terms , there was , according to the hon gentleman 's own feelings , and those of the country , but one alternative . Why then should the hon . gentleman give the sanction of his authority to the opinion , that the war could not be conducted , and that we were only to look for consolation to the event of the enemy granting us peace ? Nothing could be more improper , nothing more unjust , nothing more dangerous to the security of the country , or more calculated to inflame the minds of the people under the present high price of provisions , than flinging out opinions of this sort to the disadvantage of the great contest in which we were engaged . He would maintain , and he thought the hon . gentleman might have been included amongst the number of those who would insist upon the same doctrine , that if we could not obtain peace upon honourable terms , we must maintain the war at all hazards , and under all circumstances , and to the last extremity . As to what had been said of his intention to keep the people down by a military force , when he had driven them to madness by his policy , he would ask where was the proof ? In that candour of mind , in which he hoped the hon . gentleman was not deficient , he might have acknowledged , for he must have known , that it was at least a matter of serious doubt , whether all the difficulties experienced in our trade , would not have been aggravated , if they were not met by the Orders in Council . In two years after the adoption of those Orders , this fact was demonstrated by an increase of our trade . Yet the hon . gentleman went on with his old proof , or rather with his old statement , in defiance of this striking fact , and insisted that our sufferings were not owing to the Decrees of the enemy , but to our own Orders in Council . If this was a logic , he was sure it was not a logic which the hon . gentleman would apply to any other subject ; this confusion of cause and effect , this anticipation of consequence over the means that produced it , could , in no other than a political case , have warped the clear mind of the hon . gentleman . But if he was right in supposing that the effects which preceded the Decrees were not to be ascribed to it , how was it fair to represent them as the act of our own government ? Was this his wisdom , was this his policy , was this his patriotism ? The reasoning of the hon . gentleman would go to turn all the resentment not against the enemy