This was an act unexampled in the history of the world ; but in answer to a representation made on the subject to the French government by general Armstrong the American minister , it had been stated by the duke de Cadore , `` that the imperial decrees were conformable to the eternal principles of justice ; '' and on the complaint of general Armstrong that 100 American ships had been seized without any notice being previously given of their danger , he was told that the conduct of England had been such that it could only be regarded as a declaration of war against America , and that war was accordingly considered as declared between England and America from the day on which the English Order in Council was issued . He wished the conduct of France towards America to be compared with that of England.—Here , when a number of American vessels were brought in , to save the expences and delays attendant on the ordinary process , a commission had been immediately appointed to investigate the losses sustained by America , in consequence of which , no less a sum than 400,000l . had been paid to Americans . This was certainly a contrast to the conduct of the French government . An objection had been started as to the late declaration issued by government , that it was founded on nothing more than a newspaper statement . But what was the nature of that newspaper ? The message inserted in it was as well intitled to be considered authentic as any thing published in the Gazette of this country . Why it was but the other day that the government were blamed for not acting on verbal authority . This last proceeding , on the part of France , was that of issuing a Senatus Consultum , in which it was declared , that till the British Orders in Council were rescinded , and the principles of the Treaty of Utrecht restored to full force , every neutral vessel touching at any British port , would be considered as denationalized , and the Berlin and Milan Decrees enforced accordingly . Much had been heard in that House of the Berlin and Milan Decrees having been actually repealed . He had on former occasions stated cases of American vessels being captured , which be conceived justified him in coming to a 1100 different conclusion ; but now they had a positive authentic instrument to refer to , which confirmed those Decree , and which declared all nations to be denationalized who suffered their merchant ships to be searched . The right of searching merchant vessels had never before been questioned . The late declaration of the English government , which the noble lord appeared to view with much dissatisfaction , as he thought the rescinding of the Berlin and Milan Decrees ought not to be the measure on which the resumption of our commerce with America should depend , appeared to him ( Mr. Rose ) to be most satisfactory , as it declared our Orders in Council to be repealed whenever the Decrees of France should cease , and repealed retrospectively , so as to have effect from the very day on which those measures were actually at an end . Having thus shewn what were really the proceedings of France and England , with a view to correct what appeared to be a very general misunderstanding on the subject ; he came to consider what would be the effect of the repeal of our Orders in Council . Would any man say , that if repealed tomorrow , America would open her ports to us ? That it was certain she would do so he denied . She had repeatedly told England that that alone would not satisfy her , as she required that we should give up our present system of blockade—Why then we were to purchase our intercourse with America by giving up our maritime rights . These , he contended , by complying with her wishes , would be given up , and given up for , at best , but a