in a state of universal distress , but certainly in a state of universal com plaint , as was proved by the numerous Petitions . He hoped that every member would go into the committee without any bias and for his own part he most solemnly declared that his mind was divested from all former opinions , and ready to admit any evidence as if he was in a Jury box . stated , that some of the witnesses not being in town , would cause the course of examination to be more desultory than intended ; and after a few words from the Chancellor of the Exchequer and lord Stanley , Attwood , high bailiff of Birmingham , was called in , and examined by Mr. Brougham . This witness was principally cross-examined by Mr. Stephen ; but some questions were also put to him by Mr. Whitbread , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Baring , Mr. Wilberforce , Mr. Lyttelton , and Mr. Brougham ; after which he was ordered to withdraw . The second person called to give evidence was Mr. William Whitehead , a master manufacturer in the town of Birmingham . The examination of this witness having been concluded , the House resumed , and the further proceedings of the committee were adjourned till to-morrow . expressed a wish that a document , for which he had called previous to the first debate on the Orders in Council , but which had been refused , might now be laid before the House . It was particularly necessary , as the inquiry had been begun , that this paper should be produced . It was an account of the Exports of Great Britain to all parts of the world , for a certain period , distinguishing the Exports to each country . This was 1124 exactly the same document , which , until within the two last years , had been annually laid on the table . If the right hon . gentleman opposite conceived that danger would arise from so detailed an account , he might omit those items which he considered objectionable ; but , to refuse a document in toto , which was so necessary to direct many questions which must be put to witnesses as to their trade with different places , would seem to indicate an opposition to the object of the committee . did not think the production of a part of the account would answer the object of the hon . gentleman ; and he could very easily form in his own mind the danger to be apprehended from laying the whole account on the table . By it those parts of Europe and of the world would be pointed out to the enemy , with which we carried on the greatest trade , and much mischief might arise from such a disclosure , when it was recollected how anxious the enemy was to occupy with his troops those ports where British manufactures were permitted to be landed . conceived the account might be drawn up in the way mentioned by his learned friend , from which no danger was likely to arise . agreed , that a full disclosure would be likely to occasion ill consequences ; but the account , he thought , could be so generalized as to give every information , without producing any harm whatever . The trade to the Straits , the Brazils , Portugal , Spain , and the Spanish colonies , could be stated without any fear of the discovery causing a diminution . said , he only wanted an account of the description mentioned by his hon . friend . To the places enumerated by him he could wish to have added , Sicily , Malta , and Heligoland . expressed himself willing to give every information consistent with prudence . If no danger attended the production of the document , he and his friends would be extremely happy to grant it . By fully shewing the system on which trade was at present conducted , it would operate decisively in defence of the measures pursued . was