entirely within the range of Moore 's Almanack ? His hon . friend was not so absurd as to attribute the present scarcity to the Orders in Council as its immediate cause ; but he said , that the operation of the Orders in Council made relief more difficult . Again , was not America affected by our Orders in Council ? There was enough , he was afraid , of real evil on this point , and very little need of the aid of prophecy . He had promised not to stray much from the question ; and what was the true question ? Was it not whether we should vote the present immense sum , or go on in a limited scale of expence ? Was it necessary for the carrying on of the war to an honourable issue , that 133,000l . should be spent on accommodations for 350 men and horses ? Was that necessary ? Was that prudent ? The right hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Huskisson ) had stated our annual expenditure at 30 millions in one way alone ; and with such an expence , was it right to be so profuse as to throw away 138,000l . on a stable ? Would the building of the stable help us to a more honourable conclusion of the war ? His hon . friend was blamed for hinting at peace . If no person but those in the secrets of the cabinet was ever to ask for peace , he was afraid that we should be troubled with very little mention of it . As to the proper time for urging the necessity of peace , no member of parliament 317 could have any other ground to go on but general pacific principles ; and it was on such that his hon . friend always acted . The hon . and learned gentleman who spoke the panegyric , seemed to be very indignant against inflammatory productions . All the hon . gentlemen on the other side , it seemed , were quite in a passion that such horrible productions could have been resorted to . They scorned to descend to such arts . Oh dear , yes , they rose above such meanness : they never deigned to play upon the vulgar passions or prejudices of the people ! They never , innocent souls ! imagined such a thing as the Church in Danger ! They never dealt in hand-bills . They knew nothing , for in-stance , of the No Popery placards in Manchester ; and , unquestionably , the immediate actors there had no connection or dependence upon government ! The right hon . gentleman , too , had been very com-passionate to-night . He would not deny food even to his bitterest enemy . What a happy philanthropy ! How greatly must the good wishes of that side of the House , for the benefit of the human race , be lately increased ! and yet how intrusive would recollection sometimes be , for he declared he could not help remembering , that it was those very moral and religious ministers who were the promoters of the Bill for prohibiting the exportation of Peruvian bark to France.— ( Loud cries of hear , hear ! ) agreed with the ideas of the right hon . gentleman who had just sat down , on the question immediately before the House . If the House was prepared , without document of any kind , to say that 133,500l . should be granted for barracks for 380 men and horses , and that accommodation for them could not be more economically procured , then , and not otherwise , they would vote for it . He proposed that this part of the estimates should be postponed till the House should be satisfied on this head . thought any delay unnecessary . No farther information could be furnished on the subject ; and the military department had declared the bar-racks indispensibly necessary . was ready to maintain , that the Orders in Council were not the cause of producing a greater state