its errors , and betake themselves to ours , but not from conversion to its truths . This , the genuine language of proselytism , the lan- 901 guage of that bigotry which we hear in the very same speech too , ascribed to the Catholics as the peculiar characieristic of their sect , was never yet , I venture to pronounce , uttered more plainly by any Romanist , mitred or cowled , who ever promulgated his anathemas from a council , or muttered the incantations of his superstition in a cloister . From this part of his argument the learned judge then passed to the most trite of all the topics ever urged against us—a topic so worn out by repetition , that not even his ingenuity and eloquence could lend it any new grace . I allude , Sir , to the notable distinction which is always taken between toleration and power , and founded upon a false and hollow pretence that the Catholics are claiming not merely freedom from persecution , but a share of privileges , and the gratification of ambition . In the same spirit the right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Yorke , ) who followed him , asserted roundly that this is a question only interesting to a few Catholic peers and wealthy commoners , but one in which the body of the Irish people have no sort of concern . Sir , I maintain fearlessly the opposite opinion . I appeal to my honourable friends around me , who from local connexions , from intimate acquaintance with Ireland , must needs be best informed of the state of her people ; and I call upon them to say whether any thing can be conceived more unfounded than the assertion , that the great bulk of the Irish people are not affected by the penal laws , and feel no desire to get rid of those degrading restraints under which they now labour . But it seems all this is mere ambition . Good God ! is it ambition that prompts a poor peasant or retail trader to wish for the power of carrying his goods to market toll free , or at least paying the same toll with his Protestant neighbours ? Is it ambition to desire , when tried for his life , the chance of equal justice , which arises from having a jury partly composed of his own religion ? Is the demand of the common benefits of the constitution , the trial by jury so jusily dear to Englishmen , stigmatized in the Irish Catholics as an overweening lust of power ? I will go no farther than this point . I might enumerate many of the rights now denied to Catholics , and ask if it be seeking dominion to desire the restoration of them ; but I will stop here , because when I take my stand on trial by jury , I know I occupy an immoveable 902 ground . What then is it the Catholics now enjoy of this sacred English right ? I will grant that in ordinary cases the Protestant sheriff , ( for Protestant he must be , ) may return a pannel composed fairly enough of Catholics and Protestants . I may admit that in cases where it signifies nothing how the jury is composed , it will be fairly selected , that where there is no reason to fear partiality or injustice , no attempt will be made to pick the pannel and exclude the Catholics . But I demand to see one instance in which there was a difficult or delicate question between parties of opposite sects , involving or hanging upon religious diversities , or political feelings connected with matters of faith , and the jury was fairly chosen from the two sects , I go further . I demand the instance of this description , in which the sheriff '' has put Catholics on the pannel . Why , I ask , do gentlemen prize the trial by jury above all the other blessings of their free constitution ? Not surely , because in