; for in the beginning of his speech , he said he was a friend to the Protestant establishment in Ireland ; whereas , in fact , the whole of his arguments went to this—that there would be no safety for that establishment until the Roman Catholic clergy were established in Ireland : and I do maintain , from the opinion of the noble baron opposite , and I do say , that the very inference of all the arguments and views that have been urged on that side of the House goes to this—that Ireland should be made a Roman Catholic country , and that the establishment of Ireland should be Roman Catholic . It has been suggested that it would be right to divide the whole of the temporal emoluments of the Church of Ireland between the Catholic and Protestant clergy . I shall expect then , when the subject is more matured , to hear that the Irish Protestant bishops , having first generously-made over a portion of their endowments , for the peace and maintenance of their Catholic brethren , are ready to make a further proposition , as in some of the German states , to subject all his Majesty ' '' dominions , by law , to a division of the produce of ecclesiastical dues between the two Churches . That this is an opinion entertained it is not irrational to suppose ; but that it is one of the consequences that will follow the concession of the Catholic claims , I most sincerely believe . My lords ; we are not without authorities upon this part of the subject in foreign : countries ; and I should be glad to know where you would find a preventive of that spirit of partiality to which the confliction of these different interests must necessarily lead ? I believe I may safely say that there is no free state in Europe , in which it has been found practicable for Catholics and Protestants , for any long continuance , to administer government under the same system together . In Switzerland we find it was not the case , nor in Holland ; and in Poland the attempt was made , but it terminated in the exclusive domination of the Catholic religion . I know that it has been the case in arbitrary monarchies , where they have coalesced ; but so , I say , the question stands with regard to Ireland . My 639 noble friend says , take away the interest that is hostile to the establishment , and you are secure . For my own part , I believe that if in Ireland you could establish the Roman Catholic religion , still you could not preserve a Protestant king ; because the Roman Catholic clergy would look up to the crown for their temporalities , and the laws of the Church must be Roman Catholic instead of those of the religious establishment of this country . But the question is this—whether in a Protestant country , whilst it remains Protestant , you can introduce a Roman Catholic Church power without an insurrection , or at least the most hostile prejudices against them ? I say it is inconsistent with the principles of government , and at variance with every example of history . What do the Roman Catholics say themselves ? I do not wish to go now into the question of the Veto . The Roman Catholics have some of them recommended what their advocates have held out ; but they profess exclusive submission to a foreign Catholic Church , and then they call upon you to admit them to all the benefits of your Protestant establishment . This goes most materially and most essentially to the most important consideration under which this question is presented to you . My lords , if I am to consider the effect that this measure may have upon the constitution of this state : If I am to consider of the effect it may have upon the political and civil establishment of Ireland , I do believe whatever convenience may arise , from acceding to