these he deems visionary speculations , in theory inconsistent , in practice impossible ! But let me appeal to your own conviction . Is it possible to comply with the noble earl 's advice ? Can this matter continue in its present state ? You know it can not . With the growth of nations their constitution changes . The claims and the necessities of their maturity have no re-semblance to the imbecility of their infancy , or the dependence of their childhood . The situation of the Catholics of Ireland has never yet been stationary : it can still less be so in the circumstances of their present strength . The alternative is now before us . An uncontroulable necessity now compels us no longer to delay our ultimate decision . We must either receive that people into the bosom of their country as friends and fellow-citizens , faithful and trust-worthy ; or if we really believe them irreconcilable enemies to our government , we must resolve , I can hardly bring myself to pronounce the word , yet the wickedness of such an attempt would not exceed its folly , we must resolve to exterminate the great body of the Irish nation . Persecution , says a prelate of our own Church ( Burnet , ) if it be allowed at all , must be extreme ; it must go to the extermination of all Dissenters from the established religion . Such is the language of Burnet in those admirable reflections which close his history . The grounds of this opinion are there detailed ; his expressions are coarse , the sentiment itself is harsh , but it is consonant to reason . I grieve to think how closely we ourselves have followed it in our former 680 conduct to the Catholics of Ireland hold in my hand a picture of complete security established in that kingdom , on the principles of that noble earl a faithful portrait of that tranquillizing system , to which his policy must inevitably compel you to revert . It is drawn by the hand of a master ; one who knows that country well ; who describes what he saw , and applauds what he describes ; a zealous advocate for all religious tests and disabilities ; and who , while he exults in the consequences of persecution , is pleading earnestly for its continuance and extension . `` We look upon the Papists of this kingdom , '' says Swift , ( Letter on the Sacramental Test , ) `` to be altogether as inconsiderable , as the women and children . Their lands are almost entirely taken from them , and they are rendered incapable of purchasing any more ; and for the little that remains , provision is made by the late act against Popery , that it will daily crumble away ; to prevent which , some of the most considerable among them are already turned Protestants , and so , in all probability , will many more . Then , the Popish priests are all registered , and without permission , ( which I hope will not be granted ) they can have no successors ; so that the Protestant clergy will find it , perhaps , no difficult matter to bring great numbers over to the Church ; and in the mean time the common people , without leaders , without discipline , or natural courage , being little better than hewers of wood , and drawers of water , are out of all capacity of doing any mischief , if they were ever so well inclined . '' Observe , my lords , in this passage , all the genuine features of these disabling laws : compare their objects , their means , and their results : see with what hopes they are proposed , what consequences they have uniformly produced . Need I ask the prelates of the Irish Church how far the mild course of religious instruction , recommended by this pious divine , has corresponded with his expectation of general conversion ? Need I enquire of any British statesman what effects have