station , and for the benefit of the nation . It had , however , been complained of by many , that with increasing grants , we had diminished splendour . While the King enjoyed his health , he always kept up a court . He used to have two levees and a drawing room in the week , which gave his subjects , and particularly those who had petitions to present , sufficient access to his throne . Now these levees were very rare indeed ; and subjects had had hitherto less access to the throne than when the King was in health . In the course of the present year only one court had been held . There was another point on which he wished for explanation : 70,000l . per annum had been granted as payment of certain debts which ought never to have been named in that House , as having been contracted in defiance of , and in the very teeth of an act of parliament . He would wish to know how long that 70,000l . annually was to be paid , or , when those debts of which parliament knew nothing should be satisfied , to what uses this sum would be applied ? felt himself called upon , to reply to something which had fallen from the right hon . gentleman opposite . He was , however , in part anticipated in what he wished to observe by his hon . friend , who had just sat down ; because in his opinion , nothing was so unfair as to throw any thing like an odium on those who opposed such a measure as the present , by inferring that they entertained an inadequate opinion of the merits and characters of those , who were the objects of the bounty of the House . The merit of the Princesses made no part of the object of consideration of the House , otherwise , this grant would have been made many years ago ; because they did not come into all the good qualities which they were in possession of , since the commencement of his Majesty 's unfortunate malady . They were amiable before this period ; but this was no part of the consideration of the case . The question was merely whether parliament ought to anticipate the period when they were engaged to make provision for the Princesses ? The grounds which the House ought to consider , were , whether the Princesses were likely to be put into a situation speedily to incur greater expences than their present income could afford ? But on this subject , the right hon . gentleman had no 141 information to communicate . He had just told the House , that the additional 10,000l . given lately to the Queen , was given to her on no other ground , but on account of her own additional expences . Now , he would appeal to the House , if the right hon . gentleman had not stated the expence the Queen would be put to on account of the Princesses as a reason for the grant , and if he had not particularly stated the expence of the removal from place to place of the royal daughters , as likely to make a part of that expence : yet it would now appear , from what had been stated that night to the House , that the grant to the Princesses was to enable them to remove from place to place when they should think fit to do so . Grants of this sort ought to be put on an intelligible fooling . Was it on account of the time of life of the Princesses ? Then it could not be suitable to all of them , because they were not all of the same age . What , upon such a principle as this , the eldest ought to have had long ago , the youngest ought not , perhaps , to receive for many years . On these grounds he felt himself compelled to oppose the Resolution . though he felt