issued their orders for fifty years . As to the assertion , that the Irish government had rewarded or encouraged the conductors of newspapers who had thought proper to support their measures , by any unnecessary expenditure of public money , he begged leave to give it the most unqualified contradiction . gave full credit to the right hon . gentleman , for the œconomical measures which had been pursued by the present government of Ireland . He , however , observed , that it had been candidly admitted by his predecessor in office ( lord Wellington , ) that those proclamations were given to certain papers as a reward ; for their advocating the measures of government . postponed till to-morrow his motion for repressing the issue of Local Tokens . He should now , however , pursuant to notice , move for leave to bring in a Bill to increase the penalties imposed last year on the imitating and counterfeiting of tokens issued by the Bank . He proposed also , that provision should be made in the Bill for repressing an abuse which must have come within the observation of many gentlemen—he meant the engraving of pieces of paper which had all the semblance of Bank notes , and which were calculated to catch the eye of the unwary . He had seen a parcel of these papers , which at a little distance , and when not narrowly inspected , had the appearance of bank-notes for one , five , or twenty pounds , which escaped the charge of forgery by having the word 'pins ' instead of pounds , but which from their texture and appearance might escape detection and pass with the unwary , as had actually happened in a variety of instances . The present penalty for fraudulently putting off such papers was only six months imprisonment . He proposed that the Bill should increase it to 12 months imprisonment for the first offence , and that the offender should find security for his good behaviour for two years . For the second offence , he had to propose transportation for years . For the more effectual prevention of the counterfeiting of Bank tokens , he proposed , that the offence should be made a transportable felony for 14 years . He concluded with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further prevention of the counterfeiting of silver coin issued by the governor and company of the bank of England , called dollars ; and of silver pieces issued and circulated by the said governor and company , called tokens ; and for the further prevention of frauds practised by the imitation of the notes or bills of the said governor and company . '' Leave granted . moved the order of the day for the third reading of this Bill . said , the principle of this Bill was such , as to call for general approbation ; yet there were clauses in it which , in his opinion , would completely overbalance any good effects which might result from it . He should , therefore , give his vote against its passing into an act . said , he was really going to see whether the opposition of the worthy alderman was given with a grave face or not . He saw it was , although he observed a smile on the countenance of the worthy alderman , at which he was not surprized , when he recollected that the only objection which induced him to oppose the progress of the Bill was , the fact of there being no exemption of the Charities of the city of London . He begged to assure the hon . member , that there was not the slightest suspicion entertained of the honour of the different guilds of the city of London ; but if they were exempted from registering their donations , the same privilege would be claimed by other corporations , and the great object of the Bill would be defeated . Indeed , such claims had actually been made from Bristol 1120 and other