by a restless importunity . I give great credit to the leading advocates of this measure on the other side of this question , who have refrained from urging this subject when they themselves were in administration ; and I hope their good sense and reflection will teach them to discourage it henceforward , and thereby shew that their conduct has not changed merely with their situation , and that they will not attempt to make this subject a badge of political party and a means of getting into power . .—Sir , no person who has not the ties of filial piety and attachment to it , can hold the University of Oxford in higher veneration than I do ; nor can any one more readily subscribe to the opinions which my right hon . and learned friend has claimed for that great and ancient seminary , in its selection of its representatives . In one point of view , perhaps , the very Petition on the table may be considered as creditable to it , because it marks the gradual conquest which that learned body is making over iys own prejudices . On former occasions it has been unanimous : in the present instance , by the acknowledgment of my right hon . and learned friend , it has been much divided in its opinion . It has also been very-tardy with its Petition ; and even with this delay , time has scarcely been given for the collection of the sentiments of the distant members of the University . All this is good . It shews the march and progress of truth and reason on this great cause . In the few observations with which I mean to trouble the House , on this most momentous topic , I must beg to be understood as disclaiming all notion of resting the merits of the question on any ground of abstract right . Religious toleration is , in my view of the subject , ( certainly at least so far as it has reference to qualifications for civil offices , ) a matter of moral and political prudence . If the laws alluded to are necessary for the security of the state , no doubt they ought to be retained , perhaps strengthened and confirmed . But if on the contrary , the public-safety does not demand their continuance , and if ( as I certainly think ) their repeal 867 by conducing to general harmony , can contribute to the public strength , then indubitably they ought to be rescinded . The policy of the measure being admitted , its justice can be no matter of dispute . The question , like every other question concerning human affairs , ought to depend on a comparative view of its advantages , or disadvantages , or rather , I should say , of its benefits and dangers . I lay a stress on the word dangers , because if the dangers can be shewn to be in founded , or even if they can be much extenuated , the benefits stand out so much in the sight of all men , they rush in so irresistible a torrent upon our minds and understandings , that I should have to accuse myself of an almost wanton consumption of the time of the House , if I were much to enlarge on them . The arguments against further concessions to the Roman Catholics , seem to range themselves under three heads ; 1st , the dangers to the state ; 2dly , objections which are attempted to be drawn from the principles of the constitution ; and , 3dly , a doubt which is entertained of the beneficial efficacy of the measure , in the event of its accomplishment . With regard to the dangers , it may not be improper to remark , that some of the arguments , which used to be derived from that source , and which in many discussions on the subject have beeen much insisted on , seem of late to be abandoned . They ought not , however , to be wholly lost sight