indispensable 693 preliminary to any further step of relaxation , never can be conceded by the Catholics , consistently with the fundamental principles of the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland : for he tells you , that he would rather suffer martyrdom , than consent to such a surrender . The noble lord upon the former occasion said , he did not know that the Veto would not be received by the Catholics ; but that he was authorised to say it would : but Dr. Milner afterwards unequivocally declared that it could not ; and denied his having authorised such a proposition . My lords , I do not impute sentiments to any other individual upon earth , which he himself so tamely chuses to disavow ; but here are letters addressed from Dr. Milner to the Roman Catholic prelates of Ireland ; and to Dr . Troy , the titular archbishop of Dublin , which I must take to be conclusive on this point ; and therefore , as I am warranted to assume , that Catholics are decidedly averse to concede the very first principle , upon which it is admitted on all sides , we could alone consent to any further steps of concession : I can not see the use of going into an enquiry to discover that which we know already . I do not undertake to controvert the opinion of Dr. Milner ; I must receive it as that of a learned man , and a leading authority in the Roman Catholic Church : but founded as I am , on this opinion , I hope I may be excused from answering to any thing of what is proposed , without receiving on the part of the Catholics ample security for the maintenance of our Protestant establishment in Church and State , under an arrangement , which I hold to be totally inconsistent with the principle laid down at the Revolution ; namely , that of a Protestant prince on the throne , and Roman Catholics sitting in parliament . I will not say that such an arrangement never can , by any possibility , be accomplished ; but those who propose it must tell me how it can be done with safety to a Protestant state , or I never can consent . But , ray lords , let the measures proposed to be ceded , be fairly examined one by one ; and let us see if they are fit to be granted : and if not , let them be rejected at once . As to the tenets imputed to Roman Catholics , I do not think that any man of charity or sense would wish to impute to them sentiments which they do not hold ; and , therefore , I give them full credit when they solemnly disavow such sentiments , 694 with regard to their not keeping faith with heretics , as have been by some imputed to them ; and which they have solemnly denied , upon the highest authorities of their Church . But then we are to consider what are the difficulties of admitting Roman Catholics into the legislature ; or giving them places of high trust and authority in the state . Will it be said , my lords , that it is of no moment to have Roman Catholics in a parliament which is to legislate for the government of a Protestant Established Church ? or that it is a matter of light consideration , that Catholics should compose the councils of the crown , which gives away so many Protestant bishoprics ? A privilege , in which if they were indulged , we should be at no loss to guess whom they would send to Canterbury , in return for some speeches published in the newspapers . Yet they were resolved to allow no controul whatever in disposing of Catholic bishoprics ; with such differences existing between both Churches , touching the subject of the king 's supremacy . The noble marquis said this night , that every thing , not essential to the security of the state , ought to