nature of the appointment , which was precisely the same as that of any other private secretary , in any other office of the state , differing only in the rank of the personage under whom the office was held . Was there any more formal appointments of other private secretaries , and yet their functions were as important and as confidential ? Was there any form of oath prescribed to any of those private secretaries , through whose hands the same papers passed , that would 340 pass through those of colonel M'Mahon ? And yet no alarm existed on their account . It was unfounded then to represent this appointment as that of a fourth secretary of state ; for it was merely furnishing his Royal Highness with the means of performing those duties , which he was unable to administer himself ; and he begged the House to understand , that he considered this office only as an instrument for carrying on the business of the country ; which brought him to the second part of his argument , whether this appointment was necessary to enable the person exercising the sovereign authority , to perform the functions of his high office ; for he now supposed the appointment to be divested of all responsibility , for without that there would be nothing to justify it in the view of parliament . He was not much convinced of the solidity of that part of the hon . gentleman 's argument which referred to the reigns of king William , and of kings George the 1st and 2nd , nor did he think that the House would see much analogy between those periods and the present . For his own part he was perfectly prepared to admit , in the face of the House , that he could not , by possibility , transact all the business attached to the office he held ( and he was not disposed to neglect it ) , without some assistance . He was bound to attend that House from day day , and he would find it impossible to carry on the functions of his situation , if he were bound to have personal access to the sovereign every time that his orders were necessary to give effect to acts of state . But when the hon . gentleman talked of the reigns of William , and George the 1st and 2nd , the circumstances of the country were wholly different from the present . The army , at those periods , was a pigmy army , compared to that now existing ; and the navy ( though of a most respectable character ) was of a different description altogether from the navy of the present day . The whole country was not armed as it now was , acting under commissions signed by the sovereign , and the whole sphere of business was more contracted . He could perfectly understand then that a sovereign in perfect possession of his health and faculties could discharge all the duties which were imposed on him by his office ; and , besides , he believed the hon . gentleman would do him the justice to say , that ministers in those days were not in the habit of such constant attendance of parliament , night after night , 341 as at present . But he only asked , whether the precedents were not wholly dissimilar , on a reference to the different departments of the army and navy , and even to the home department , with the business of which the hon . mover must be well acquainted ? And under such circumstances , he put it to the hon . gentleman and to the House , whether it was possible for the sovereign of this country to go on , burthened and overwhelmed as he must be by the public documents that were heaped upon him , and scarcely able to disengage his person from the accumulating pile with which he was surrounded ? Even though his Royal Highness were to lower himself to the office of a private secretary , to