presented a Petition from the Frame Work Knitters of Leicester , praying for the Repeal of the Orders in Council , in as far as regarded America , and also against the renewal of the East India Company 's charter . The hon . member assured the House , that the present Petitioners had uniformly conducted themselves in the most orderly and becoming manner , and now came to the House , praying that the final stab might not , by a war with America , be a ruin to their manufactures . The present Petition was signed by 11,000 persons . concurred in bearing testimony to the temperate and orderly conduct of the manufacturers in Leicestershire who cast their eyes only to that House for relief . They now trusted to the wisdom of that House to avert from them , in the words of their Petition , the greatest of all calamities , starvation in a land of plenty . The Petition was then read , setting forth `` That the Petitioners feel them selves sorely aggrieved on account of the sad depression in their trade : and that it most clearly appears to them that the Orders in Council , as they relate to America , are the cause of this falling off of our commerce ; 2 and that the Petitioners have been kept at restricted employ by the various speculations which have been carried on by their employers , in the hope that the Orders in Council would be repealed , and that ultimately a good understanding might be brought about between this country and America ; and that , from this , it is clear that the measure prayed for is the last hope of the Petitioners ; and , though they would not presume to dictate to the House , yet they can not but consider America as placed by the belligerents in a most critical situation , and , as a war with one of the contending powers may be the result , a repeal of the Orders would , in fact , be a stumbling-block to France , and America would probably open her ports to our vessels , and throw herself on our protection ; and that the Petitioners see with much concern the charter of the East India Company about to be renewed , seeing they engross the whole of the trade to the Eastern seas , without any advantage to the country , but only to themselves ; and praying the House to take their Petition into early and serious consideration , and to adopt such measures thereon as to them shall seem meet . '' Ordered to lie upon the table presented a Petition from the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood of Belfast , setting forth , 3 `` That the Petitioners have suffered , and continue to suffer , much inconvenience and expence in their dealings , arising from the excessive price and scarcity of guineas : and praying , that they may be put on the same footing with Great Britain , in any future Bill which may be introduced into parliament respecting payments in specie . '' The noble lord said , that when the Bill passed last session , he had opposed its being then extended to Ireland , because there were scarcely any Irish members at that time in attendance at the House ; and it would not have been right to pass an act of that momentous importance , and to make it binding on Ireland , in the absence of almost all its representatives . Since that time , however , guineas had become so scarce there , that they could not be procured under 4s . 6d . and 5s . premium , making an increase of 25 per cent . besides the time lost , and trouble acquired by those who had absolute occasion for them . He was glad to understand that his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) intended in the Bill which he was this night to move for leave to bring in , to continue the act of