to this House ; but I have since examined it , and can assure the House , that it is signed by many wealthy and respectable merchants , certainly commanding a great portion of the mercantile property of the country , and it is but justice to those gentlemen , to say they are men , who could not be influenced to sanction any measure contrary to their real opinions . I wish however to guard myself from being understood to say , that all the Pro- 934 testants of Dublin are unanimous upon this subject , because I know many most respectable men who are adverse to the measure ; and there is also a Petition against it from the corporation of Dublin , for which I must always entertain the highest respect ; and when I differ from them , I do so with the utmost reluctance . But under all the circumstances of the case I shall vote for the motion of my right hon . colleague for going into the committee , in order to see if any thing further can be done for the Catholics . All I vote for is enquiry ; I pledge myself to nothing more ; but I regret extremely that from the view I have taken of the subject , I am obliged to differ from many hon . gentlemen and esteemed friends , for whose opinions I have the highest respect and with whom I should be most anxious to concur . I feel that with the majority I agree in principle , and that we differ only in the application of that principle . My judgment , may be erroneous , but my motives , I can assure the House , are purely influenced by an anxious wish to give tranquillity to Ireland , and strength and stability to the British empire . .—Sir ; after the very able and eloquent manner in which the affirmative side of this question has been supported , I shall feel it necessary to trespass but very shortly on the attention of the House ; and in the first place . Sir , I can bear my testimony to the high respectability of a great portion of those persons whose names are signed to the Irish Protestant Petition in favour of their Catholic fellow subjects . The county which I have the honour to represent , and in which the great body of property is in the hands of Protestants , the descendants of old settlers , and who have been for a long period considered as enemies to the Roman Catholic religion , was almost unanimous in favour of the Catholic claims , and has afforded a great number of the signatures to the Petition presented to this House , and to another which was presented to the Prince Regent . The hon . gentleman ( Mr. L. Foster ) who has recently addressed you , has given in my mind a most extraordinary reason for not agreeing to the motion . He has laid great stress upon the bigotted doctrines of the Roman Catholic Church ; and he has complained also of the mode of education adopted at the college of Maynooth . Now Sir , these are assertions which I can conceive 935 ought strongly to operate in favour of going into a Committee , where such allegations can be properly investigated . The hon . gentleman has also dwelt upon the conduct of the Roman Catholics in Ireland in the reign of James 2 , and argued that the infraction of the articles of Limerick could only be looked on in a retaliatory point of view . For my own part , I can not help thinking that it is to the infringement of that treaty , which all the evils of Ireland are principally to be traced . For that infraction , so far as it related to the government of Ireland , placed them in a state of usurpation over the rights of the people . —Sir ; on every question that has been brought before the House lending to remove the restrictions against the Catholics