the Protestants had been equally excited for a different purpose . Petitions of a very different description would be sent in from a very numerous body of the Protestants of Ireland . The statement , however , which called me up was , that the government of Ireland had interfered to obstruct the success of the Petition , and particularly , that they would not appoint a sheriff who was known to have signed the Petition . I happened to be in Ireland at the period when the idea of the Petition was first suggested at a dinner given to the friends of religious liberty in Dublin , last December , but I never heard till now of the interference of government to oppose the progress of such a Petition . On the contrary , their object throughout has been to allow the Catholics to proceed by Petition as long as they thought proper to confine themselves to that constitutional course of proceeding and also not to interfere with the Protestants in any steps they might take in favour of the Catholics , With regard to 485 the appointment of a sheriff , I would be glad if the right hon . gentleman would explain the allusion he has made . I was much surprised to hear such a charge made against the noble duke , who is at the head of the Irish government ; and I verily believe that no man can think it possible that the duke of Richmond would lend himself to such a purpose . I do not know what the right hon . gentleman meant by the exertions of the partizans of government against the Petition ; but I know that no suggestion has been given by the Irish government to that effect ; and in the county which I have the honour to represent , and where it might be natural to suppose such influence would be exerted ; I appeal to my hon . colleague ( Mr. Parnell ) to confirm my assertion , that no such interference has been attempted . Let the right hon . gentleman then come forward , and manfully make his charge , and call for documents to prove it , instead of dealing in vague assertions , which I believe , upon the honour and conscience of a gentleman , he is not borne out ; and I am persuaded that the Irish government would spurn such attempts as are ascribed to them . If I was called on to give my opinion on the subject before you , I would say that I wish the Petition to be read , and that its merits should undergo a full and fair investigation ; but I do not think it fair in the right hon . gentleman to make such charges without better foundation for them . .—The right hon . gentleman having called on me , I name , without hesitation , the county to which I alluded , it is Carlow . I have no doubt of the fact , and I shall restate it . The nomination of sheriff had been promised to a gentleman of large fortune in that county : he had announced the promise to his friend , who took measures preparatory to his appointment , quite notorious in the county . But , on the former signing the Petition , the Castle immediately superseded the first engagement , and named the second on the list . That gentleman replied , that as he , also , had signed the Protestant Petition , government would probably consider him an unfit sheriff , and begged to decline . Government refused ; but on learning that the sheriff would , if a requisition was made to him , call a county meeting on the subject , they acquiesced in his resignation ; and a third person was appointed . I should be glad that an enquiry were made into these facts . 486 I have also ascertained , from authority which I can not doubt , that individual '' have been threatened , by the agents of the Irish government , with the