balance against the complaints and grievances of millions , the prayers both of Catholic and Protestant in Ireland ; and God grant , he said , that your decision may be such as may best promote the maintenance of those interests for which he confidently trusted the supporters and the opposers of this Petition are equally solicitous . The Petition was read , and ordered to lie on the table . Mr. Speaker ; I hold in my hand a Petition from a most respectable , most loyal , and , if honourable ancestry be an object of consideration , a very illustrious portion of his Majesty 's subject.—I mean the Roman Catholics of England , who have been pleased to express a wish , that I should be the bearer of their claims to this House . It must be to them , as well as to you . Sir , and to the House , a melancholy recollection , that two years ago these claims were in the hands of one , who bad the means of doing ample justice to any cause , however great and momentous its importance . Of those splendid talents and powerful and efficacious virtues , we are now bereft 479 —by dispensations which we are not permitted to scrutinize ; though , to the narrow views of human judgment , it would seem there never was a period in our history , when the country stood so much in need of such eminent and distinguished qualities , to sustain it against the awful tide of danger which is beating against it . The details of the grievances , of which the petitioners complain , will be found in the petition presented by Mr. Windham , in the year 18110 ; and it is not my intention , on this occasion , to expatiate at any length on the various topics which grow out of this most copious and productive subject . It may , nevertheless , be not improper for me to recal to the recollection of the House , that the Roman Catholics of England stood in a different predicament from that of any other persons of the same persuasion in any part of his Majesty 's dominions . In Canada , the Roman Catholics are on the same footing with their Protestant brethren . In Ireland ( I lament to say it , ) there are still restrictions on the members of the Roman Catholic Church ; but the Catholics of England labour under disabilities , from which their fellow subjects , of the same faith in Ireland , are exempt . The English Catholic can not vote for a member of parliament ; he is shut out of all corporations ; he is inadmissible to degrees in the universities ; he is not allowed to act as a magistrate ; he is excluded from all offices , both civil and military , and so is incapable of serving his Majesty in any commission , either in the army or navy . This is the situation or rather this is the state of disfranchisement of persons , whose names can not be read by Englishmen without kindling , in their breasts , emotions connected with the memory of the past achievements and ancient renown of the country . This is the predicament of the descendants of those , who , when the Roman Catholic faith was the established religion of the realm , were the roost strenous opposers of foreign influence ; and who were not only the proud assertors of the external independence of the kingdom , but were among the founders of our domestic rights and liberties . This is the condition of those , whose ancestors , even in the midst of the religious feuds and animosities which succeeded the Reformation , were still admissible to the martial professions ; and not only accompanied , but in some instances led our fleets and armies to battle and to victory , against invading enemies of the Catholic persuasion . 480 The petitioners state , that `` in affection to his majesty 's sacred person and government ; in