the clause . This , however , he believed , that situations might exist , where , to take away , entirely , the power of inflicting exemplary punishment , would be attended with very bad consequences . But he supposed that the system would , at length , be so generally scouted by the army , as to render any specific enactment unnecessary.—The noble earl finally called the attention of the House to the excessive enlistment of foreigners in the English army , and the placing of foreign officers in the command of British troops . On this subject , he was sure their lordships felt a considerable degree of constitutional jealousy . In that statement , he was sure , even the noble lord on the woolsack would concur . The act of 1804 allowed 10,000 foreign troops in the country ; by that of 1806 , the number was increased to 16,000 , and , beyond that , none were permitted . Now , he would maintain , that those who had incorporated any of those troops with the native force , or placed foreign officers at the head of British troops , had acted illegally , and were liable to punishment . He would contest that point with any learned lord , even the noble lord on the woolsack . He knew the laws were perplexed , but they ought to be made so plain and clear , that every person could understand them ; and , 27 therefore , there could be no presumption in his advocating an opinion founded on a particular statute , although contrary to that of the learned lord . His lordship concluded by hoping that the noble Secretary would return satisfactory answers to the inquiries he had made . did not feel it necessary to go at length into the different topics which had been touched upon by the noble earl , several of which were not at all connected with the Bill then before the House . If , for instance , any improper latitude had been taken , either in sending persons to the army , who had been imprisoned on board the hulks , or in enlisting foreigners , they were substantive and distinct questions , which must be argued on their own grounds , and ought not to operate as an interruption to the present Bill . With respect to the transferring of convicts , he would state , that the hulks had , for a considerable time , been placed under the superintending direction of one of the most intelligent magistrates in this country . The system adopted by Mr. Graham , and his exertions , had produced the happiest effects ; and , when that magistrate saw that an offender was penitent for his former crimes , he certified the fact , and the reformed prisoner was allowed , in some cases , to enter the army . Without such a recommendation , it was never permitted . The number who were thus brought back to society , might now probably be greater than formerly ; but this he attributed to the excellent system at present on board the hulks , which tended to ameliorate the morals of the prisoners . But , taking the number thus incorporated with the army , in the most extended view , it would be found very trifling . Perhaps , indeed , too great a number had been sent to some particular regiments . If such were the case , it was certainly to be lamented , and ought to have been avoided . Sure he was , however , that where crimes were committed through indiscretion , or were occasioned by misfortune , and the perpetrators of them having become penitent , were desirous of retuning to society , it would be most cruel to refuse them an opportunity ; and , he would also observe , that many of the persons who were thus sent to the army , from their bodily strength , and their hardihood of constitution , were eminently adapted for a military life . He was surprised to hear the assertion