the debates which I have heard upon this question , it is a principle that has been most zealously asserted by the friends of the Catholic claims , that a complete and unlimited toleration ought to be extended to all classes and descriptions of men in a free country , unless when serious apprehensions are entertained that such a state of things will be productive of danger to the religious and political establishments of the land , or to the civil liberties of the majority of the people . I have been always happy to find that this principle has been no less readily admitted on this side of the House , and even by my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself , than it has been warmly advocated by his political opponents . From this ( as it should seem to he ) universally admitted principle , it necessarily follows that no political disabilities ought to be imposed , nor those now in existence continued on the King 's Roman Catholic subjects , if it can be shown that such exclusive laws are not essentially necessary for the security of the Established Church and civil liberties of the kingdom . But if , on the other hand , it can be shewn , that so far from being necessary or beneficial , they are detrimental to the public interests ; —if it can be proved that so far from constituting the bulwarks of our strength , they are the main sources of our weakness , all must unite in thinking that they onght no longer to encumber our statute book . I 809 am not now arguing that this is the case , but I do contend that such opinions are daily gaining ground , the mists of prejudice are quickly dispersing before the strong light of reason and dispassionate enquiry ; year after year the Catholic claims gain fresh proselytes , and many most enlightened men in and out of parliament are of opinion , that they are founded in justice , supported by policy , and can no longer be resisted with safety . Are these things so , and shall we refuse enquiry ? and enquiry is all that is called for by the right hon . gentleman in the motion which he has this night proposed to the House . As this is the first occasion on which I have felt myself at liberty to give effect to those sentiments which I have long entertained on this subject , I trust that the House will permit me to preface the reasons which I shall urge in support of the present motion , by a short account of the motives which have hitherto actuated my conduct on this important question . I conceived that an obstacle was thrown in the way of the useful discussion of the Catholic Petitions by the conscientious scruples of a most illustrious and venerable personage . Scruples which , in my opinion , were entitled to the respectful attention of this House from the age , the merits , the character , and the sufferings of the royal person , in whose breast they existed , and which called for the respectful forbearance of the Catholics themselves , considering the many benefits they had derived from his long and paternal reign . I conceived that this obstacle was in its nature insuperable , inasmuch as without the consent of the King , no act of this or the other House of Parliament could be invested with the authority of law , and I believed that necessary sanction would be withheld . I believed that an attempt to force the royal consent would be attended with consequences which I am unwilling even to hint at . I knew that the continued refusal of that assent would draw after it evils so mighty , that to postpone , for a limited time , the discussion of the Catholic claims appeared as nothing in the comparison . A choice of evils was presented to me , and I chose that which on a consideration of existing circumstances , appeared to