government , studious only to procrastinate the consideration of all our real dangers , and to fix the attention both of parliament and the country on apprehensions which are wholly visionary . One glaring fallacy , indeed , pervades alt their speeches . They lore to dwell on these fancied mischiefs ; they enlarge with redundant eloquence on the dangerous principles and pernicious designs of their fellow subjects . Bat they forget to tell us how these evils , were they real , can be controuled by the continuance of the present system , or increased by its abandonment . The contrary is manifest . Every circumstance of future peril which the noble earl anticipates from conciliatory measures , is at this moment existing in full vigour and unrestricted operation . Does 675 he distrust the loyalty of the Catholics ? That apprehension applies at least with equal force to their present situation . Even he can not imagine that discontent will increase with increasing liberality , and that men will be more alienated from their government by a fuller ad mission to its protection and confidence . Does he dread their means of giving effect to any evil purpose ? Those means are not diminished : Diminished , shall I say ? They are multiplied beyond all power of calculation by the provisions of the existing laws . What you have already conceded to that great and valuable portion of your people is too little for the just claims of affectionate and faithful subjects , but it is far too much to have been entrusted to the blind instruments or willing adherents of your inveterate enemy . No terms can describe the folly , no language exaggerate the dangers of that perverse and inconsistent policy , which under the prevalence of such apprehensions , has equally deprived you of the power of coercion and the influence of kindness : abandoning all that in your former systems of exclusion could be useful for security , and retaining so much of them alone as may fetter the exertions of the loyal , and stimulate the passions of the multitude . I am arguing these apprehensions as if they could possibly have any foundation in reason . Let me , however , once more protest that I can hardly bring myself , even for a moment , to admit such a supposition ; and least of all , when I consider those particular instances of danger which have been this night alleged . The noble earl puts the case of a Catholic judge , and Asks how such a magistrate is to determine causes connected with the validity of some marriage good in law , but null by the canons of his Church What a perversion of all moral principle does the question itself imply ! what is the oath of ft judge ? What is his office ? What do your own courts of law , what do you yourselves declare when you pronounce on causes of this description ? That the marriage is good in conscience ? That it is agreeable to Scripture ? That it is consonant to the doctrines of our own church ? No , not one of these . But that it is valid in the contemplation of our laws ; sanctioned by that code of civil jurisprudence which is the sole admissible authority in a court of civil judicature . Could then a judge be embarrassed by such a difficulty as this ? A man of learning and moral 676 character fit for a judicial office , a man deeply impressed by his religion , as the noble earl admits , with the sanctity of an oath , could he be doubtful whether , when he has solemnly sworn to administer justice according to the law , he is not bound to administer it on some principle directly adverse to the law ? Is this a point of dubious obligation , hard to be solved , and requiring the assistance of a casuist r Or is it even a question fit to be argued in an assembly of just and pious , grave and enlightened