, that the pledge which the Catholics advance upon their solemn oaths , that they will never employ towards the subversion of your existing establishments any power or advantages which they may derive from your bounty , is a security not to be relied upon . What to tell them that the most awful appeal they can make to their Creator is not to be trusted ! Can you express to them such an opinion of their principles , and flatter yourselves it is not to more their in 661 dignation ? But it is not the estrangement of the Irish Catholic alone that you have to dread . This Petition of the Protestants makes it the prayer of all Ireland ; for the dissentient voices in the question are too few and insignificant to be regarded as forming an exception . And is this a discontent that can be safely allowed to fester ? Think you the Protestant proprietors will make no reflection on the indifference you shew to their safety , or on the insult of your pretending to judge better for their interests than they themselves on the spot are able to do ? I have said that you can not forego the exertions of any part of your population . You can not , without sinking in the contest , incur merely the inertness of Ireland . What , then , must be its avowed discontent ! My mind shrinks from the consequence . You have been moved to reject the proposal for going into a committee . Were you even predetermined in essence to spurn the Petition , at least you ought to observe the forms of decency . You should put on some shew of attention . In a case so vital to the public interest , it is due to this country no less than to Ireland , that an air of respect should be maintained ; that the semblance of consideration should be adopted . Should you , unfortunately , follow the advice of refusing to go into a committee for the discussion of this subject , you testify that you reject the Petition upon grounds and in a temper that set at defiance the impression which so harsh a procedure is calculated to produce . I do , therefore , most anxiously deprecate a resolution so impolitic in itself , so unbecoming the dignity of this House , so ill sorted to the importance which the petitioners bear in the scale of the British empire . None of the lords on the side of government attempting to rise , after some pause , the Question was called for , upon which rose and said : —My lords ; I am not surprized at the silence of our opponents . It requires no excuse . Its cause is sufficiently obvious . The eloquence with which this motion has been introduced and supported must have produced upon them , as upon all its hearers , a powerful and indelible impression . We may easily conceive how painful it must now be to any man to avow himself the adversary of these Petitions . Much rather ought I to apologise to your lordships for rising at this hour to 662 maintain opinions already so triumphantly established . But you will pardon me if in this great crisis of the question now before us , I feel it impossible to be wholly silent . The cause of your petitioners is too near my heart . It would grieve me to appear indifferent to its success . It has occupied too large a portion of my thoughts , has formed too principal a feature in my public life ; and is at this hour too deeply interesting to the justice , the honour , and the independence of my country , not to call for every exertion which I can make in its behalf . I can add nothing to the powerful support it has this night received . ; but I shall at least have the satisfaction of once more declaring my unshaken adherence to those opinions which I have invariably maintained . I have