Regent . On the motion , that the House do now resolve itself into the said Committee , objected to the Speakers leaving the chair . He did not wish that the discussion should take place now , but that it should be deferred to some future day . No difference of opinion could exist as to the necessity of a suitable provision being made for the Princesses . But his first general ground of objection to the proposition now made , an objection which he had staled on a former occasion , was , that the charge would fall upon the consolidated fund , to which the public creditor looked for his security , and which , in the last year , had fallen far short of its amount in the year preceding . It appeared flora the papers before the House , and now in his hand , that the revenue of the consolidated fund , up to the 5th of January last , had decreased in comparison of the year ending the 5th of January , 1811 , to the amount of 3,500,000l . It could be shewn that the consolidated fund had decreased 1,000,000l . in the taxes which supplied it , while an additional charge of 1,500,000l . had been laid upon it . And although there was at this moments surplus of this fund , might not the time come when there should be none ? and to this period they were bound , in their calculations , to look . They ought , therefore , to do now what they had done in 1786 and 1793 , in the government of lord Grenville and lord Harrow by , appoint a committee to enquire into the state of the taxes , their produce and application , be- 123 fore they laid a new charge on the consolidated fund . He wished to know how ministers had it in view to remedy this great falling off . They could only do it in one of three ways—by interfering with the securities of the stockholder—by laying on new taxes to make up the deficiency—or by touching the sinking fund . Into ail these matters the House ought to enquire before they proceeded . The stock market was agitated by strong feelings of alarm and distrust , lest the stock holders should not in time receive their interest ; and instead of adding yearly , and even monthly , to the charges upon the consolidated fund , which would soon be unable to bear them , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would do much better if he increased its amount by the abolition of the places of two useless Tellers of the Exchequer , and the office of Registrar of the Court of Admiralty , now held by lord Arden . Why this provision for their Royal Highnesses had not been suggested at the time when the late arrangements for the Household were under consideration , he did not know , nor why the Regent , out of the 130,000l . which had been given to him , and for which there was no application , could not spare the sum of 36,000l . for his royal sisters , especially since the 58,000l . paid by the King out of the Civil List , to the Queen , was not required from the Regent . With the subject of the separation of the Prince and Princess of Wales , he ( Mr. Creevey ) on this occasion , had nothing to do , although it did strike him as a little extraordinary , that no additional sum had been given to the future queen of Great Britain , at the time her august spouse was invested with the regal dignity . There was now no court to create expence ; for the Princess of Wales , who was the representative of the Queen , from her situation , being separated from her husband , was not in a condition to employ the wonted splendour and shew of royalty . Her Royal Highness had only 17,000l . a year , when the Queens allowance