be preferable to that now in being . Those who were friendly to the Catholics would , of course , be more acceptable to that body . The noble and learned lord had 79 boasted that the present administration possessed the affections of the people of England . Undoubtedly popularity was dear to him ; but he had never endeavoured to court popularity by a departure from any one principle of which he approved , whatever obloquy might be the consequence . He supposed the meaning of the noble and learned lord was , that the present administration was supported by the opinion of the majority of the people of England on the Catholic question . Of that he was very much inclined to doubt . He was aware , however , that the person at the head of the government might again employ all kinds of arts to inflame the people with imaginary dangers , aided as he might probably be with all the power of the church . But what would be the consequence of his success ? To aggravate the evil and increase the danger—to make the Catholics perceive that it was no longer a set of men whom they had to consider as their enemies , but the people of England and what could be the result but the separation of the two countries ? —Who would be able to repair the breaches of an administration powerful in all the means by which empires were hurried on to ruin ? He believed , however , that the people of England were , as they had been at a former period , ready to support the measure of Catholic emancipation . That question would once have been carried with as little difficulty as any matter ever proposed to Parliament , but now the cry was raised against it by those who , with equal guilt , had first instilled into the royal mind those scruples of which they afterwards took advantage ; for all which a deep and heavy responsibility rested upon their heads.—The noble lord had inquired , if the present administration were displaced , where would they get another ? In the Letter subscribed by his noble friend and himself , they had stated , that they could not join with men united together on the principle of Catholic exclusion , and could not come into power without advising to give relief to the Catholics . But might they not unite with such as held similar opinions with them on this point ? —When he signed the Letter , he was most sincere in saying , he did not act on personal exclusive principles ; for he might perhaps be permitted to say this of himself , that , however much he had mixed in political controversy , he was little subject to political resentments . When an union could be honourable , and 80 advantageous to the nation , he would ever be ready to unite . But character was as much the strength of men as it was that of a nation , and he could conceive nothing more dangerous than to shock the public opinion by an appearance of sacrificing principle for the sake of attaining office and emolument ; for himself he disclaimed any such views , or any great desire for place at all . But did the noble lords opposite—they who were the advisers of the Regent on this occasion—who were his ministers before , and had continued to be his ministers since ; did they expect , that in consequence of the Regent 's Letter his noble friend and himself could have consented to coalesce with them ? —Would they venture to deny , that they were consulted on the Letter ? If so , it would establish the point , that there was an influence behind the throne , the most dangerous that could exist . Nay , he would put the question in another form , and suppose he and his friends had been in power , and had sent such a Letter to the noble lords opposite , would they have acceded to the offer