God we adore , for in that we are agreed ; not about the King we obey , for to him we are loyal ; but how far a difference in the ceremonials of worship , how far believing not too little , but too much , ( the worst that can be imputed to the Catholics , ) how far too much devotion to their God , may incapacitate our fellow-subjects from effectually serving their King . Much has been said , within and without doors , of Church and Slate , and although those venerable words have been too often prostituted to the most despicable of party purposes , we can not hear them too often ; all , I presume , are the advocates of Church and State , the Church of Christ , and the state of Great Britain ; but not a state of exclusion and of despotism , not an intolerant Church , not a Church militant , 643 which renders itself liable to the very objection urged against the Romish communion , and in a greater degree , for the Catholic merely withholds its spiritual benediction , ( and even that is doubtful , ) but our Church , or rather out churchmen , not only refuse to the Catholic their spiritual grace , but all temporal blessings whatsoever . It was an observation of the great lord Peterborough , made within these wails , or within the walls where the Lords then assembled , that he was for a `` Parliamentary king and a parliamentary constitution , but not a parliamentary God and a parliamentary religion . '' The interval of a century has not weakened the force of the remark . It is indeed time that we should leave off these petty cavils on frivolous points , these Lilliputian sophistries , whether our eggs are best broken at the broad or narrow end . '' The opponents of the Catholics may be divided into two classes ; those who assert that the Catholics have too much already , and those who allege that the lower orders , at least , have nothing more to require . We are told by the former , that the Catholics never will be contented : by the latter , that they are already too happy . The last paradox is sufficiently refuted by the present as by all past Petitions ; it might as well be said , that the negroes did not desire t '' be emancipated , but this is an unfortunate comparison , for you have already delivered them out of the house of bondage without any Petition on their part , but many from their task-masters to a contrary effect ; and for myself , when I consider this , I pity the Catholic peasantry for not having the good fortune to be born black . But the Catholics are contented , or at least ought to be , as we are told ; I shall therefore proceed to touch on a few of those circumstances which so marvellously contribute to their exceeding contentment . They are not allowed the free exercise of their religion in the regular army ; the Catholic soldier can not absent himself from the service of the Protestant clergyman , and unless he is quartered in Ireland or in Spain , where can he find eligible opportunities of attending his own . The permission of Catholic chaplains to the Irish militia regiments was conceded as a special favour , and not till after years of remonstrance , although an Act , passed in 1793 , established it as a right . But are the Catholics properly protected in Ireland Can the Church purchase a rood of land 644 whereon to erect a chapel ? No ! all the places of worship are built on leases of trust or sufferance from the laity , easily broken and often betrayed . The moment any irregular wish , any casual caprice of the benevolent landlord meets with opposition , the doors are barred against the congregation . This has happened continually , but in no instance more glaringly ,