our efforts must prove useless . With a view to those advantages , we had unsuccessfully before contended in that very country against France , then much less powerful than at present . He did not mean to say that , from these considerations , we were to withdraw our armies from the peninsula ; but he thought that , before we proceeded further on the present expensive system , the House should have the distinct opinion of the Commander-in-Chief , as to the probable result of the operations , and enquire into the means of carrying on the contest by a more limited expenditure of our remaining resources . It would be his maxim to guard against endangering our own safety in the prosecution of remoter interests . These were his principles and his opinions ; he had stated them distinctly , however assured at the same time , that he should to-morrow see them completely misrepresented in the newspapers . He was desious of adding a few words upon what had fallen from the noble lord who moved the amendment , respecting what he was pleased to call the complete success of our arms , during the last two years . For his own part , when he looked back to the events of that period , when he recollected the original objects of the war , and knew , 84 as every other man knew , that the defence of Portugal must be impracticable after Spain should be entirely subdued , he could coincide in no such declaration . We had , unquestionably , achieved much ; and in the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo he concurred in the admiration justly due to the vigour , celerity , and military skill so eminently displayed by the great commander who conducted that important enterprize . But when he looked to another part of that kingdom , and saw Badajoz in possession of the enemy—when he turned his attention to the operations in Catalonia—when he saw that , within the last two years , Tortosa , Lerida , Tarragona , Saguntum had yielded—that Valencia had fallen—that the province of Murcia was over-run—he was at a loss to discover what new prospects of success had dawned upon the Spaniards . Those conquests opened to the enemy a free communication between all their divisions ; and they would soon be enabled by that circumstance to bring the whole weight of their united forces against the British . He did think too that ministers had been culpably negligent , in not having exerted , in the quarter to which he had just adverted , the means actually in their power , by employing a considerable naval force , for the purpose of lending our allies more effectual succour . In Catalonia for instance , such a system , if properly conducted , would , in all probability , have enabled the warlike population of that province to expel their invaders . Where then were the symptoms of this boasted success ? Lord Wellington , at the head of an army of 62,000 as effective men as were ever led into the field , had been compelled to remain on the defensive . With a force greater than that commanded by the duke of Marlborough at the most splendid æra of our military history , lord Wellington had found himself limited to the pursuit of a defensive system . The country had been told , indeed , to look at the exertions of the Spanish Guerillas for a substitute to the assistance of regular troops , in which the natives of the peninsula were so deficient . On this he founded no great hopes , yet he was not able , from want of sufficient documents , to Slate precisely the weight which their assistance might have in the scale . But , momentous as all those objections were , in his opinion , against the present system of government , they sunk into insignificancy , when compared with one point on which he had to make a few observations ; a 85 point in his estimation of paramount importance . He alluded to