, if suspected by the people . Without public confidence , no government could serve the country with advantage . The union with Mr. Fox and lord Grenville , which formed the late administration , was of the same character . It was utterly impracticable , and never thought of whilst the war waging with revolutionary France was on foot . How could a cabinet have been formed if one half had been deprecating the war with France , and the other half inflaming the contest ; if one half had been passing severe laws to repress sedition , whilst the ether half were for repressing it by giving to the people full contentment , by the blessings of our free constitution ? All these differences were at an end before the union took place which formed the late 64 administration—France had become a gigantic monarchy aiming at universal dominion , and no difference could exist any longer upon the principles which ought to govern propositions of peace , and accordingly no cabinet was ever more united on that and all other subjects . But if a cabinet were now to be formed by the proposed union , like plus and minus in equations , they would destroy one another—one half determined upon a perpetual exclusion of the Catholics , the other half convinced that to refuse their claims was to dissolve the empire . On the subject of America one half resolved to keep op the Orders in Council , the other half convinced that , putting the objections of America out of the question , their continuance was ruinous to our commerce and manufactures . Who was right or wrong on these subjects was nothing , whilst differences so irreconcilable and so vital in their consequences existed . The noble lord said , that , for his own part , he had the most decided opinion on both these differences . He thought that the state was unsafe whilst so vast a portion of the empire as the Irish Catholics were discontented , and the church not safe whilst disabilities on the score of religion increased the multitude , and affected the temper of those who dissented from the establishment . He always reprobated popery , but its period was come , and even with regard to the Catholic religion , the question was not , whether it was to be encouraged , but how we were to deal with four millions of subjects professing it . The question , as Mr. Burke well expressed it on a different subject , was , not whether the thing deserved praise or blame ? What , in the name of God , were we to do with it ? Could we man or victual our fleets without Ireland ? Could we , in short , be a nation , if a separation were the consequence of our obstinate refusal to consider these Petitions ? Lord E. said he considered it to be tyranny to keep up those distinctions , when the cause of enacting them was at an end.—The archbishop of Canterbury , on the debate upon the Petition of the dissenters , had given more advantage to the church than it had ever received from any prelate since these laws existed . After supporting , as became him , the establishment of the church , he said , that the Bible was not the gift of God to a nation for the exposition of a government , but the universal gift of God to his 65 creatures for their consolation and happiness , to be construed , by every individual , according to the dictates of his understanding and conscience.—How then could disabilities be maintained because the Catholics construed the Bible , however erroneously , according to their consciences , and as their fathers for ages had construed them ? But it was said that penalties had ceased , and that full rights were only not conceded ; but that was a palpable fallacy . All subjects had equal rights , unless disabled by dangerous misconduct ; and therefore to refuse full rights to the Catholics , was disabling