spirit of enthusiasm ; by acting as an ingenious contrivance to bring subalterns into the service , and then stop their promotion , whatever might be their merits , and thereby to foment and inflame a sense of ignominy amongst those upon whom so much of the energy of your armies , and of the safety of the country depends . The effect is the same in other professions.—The profession of the bar.—These are suffered to adopt the profession of the law , but whatever their talents or character , the test law opposed an insurmountable barrier to their promotion . Could there be a more ingenious project than this to embody discontent and excite jealousy , just where they are most dangerous ? From the magistracy , as well as from all public functions in their respective counties , even the Catholics who possessed the elective franchise are excluded . I ask , then , what is there opposed to all this which ran bear you out in such a system of preclusion ? I suppose a vigorous Church establishment , sufficiently strong and able to defend itself ? I deny the fact ; for although I do not wish to speak with disrespect of that Protestant establishment in Ireland , whose security is so readily believed in this country , nor to cast any reflections upon those who preside over that Church establishment , yet I know that the true state of the Church in Ireland , in a very great degree , consists of bishops without clergy , churches without clergymen , and clergymen without churches , parishes of considerable extent without clergymen , church , or glebe ; many parishes frequently consolidated into one , with a common church too remote for the parishioners to resort to . Such then is the state of that Protestant Church in Ireland , whose security and influence are said to be founded on a rock ! But I ask , are not such circumstances reproachful to a state ? Can a Church so circumstanced possess such internal strength for its own defence against the mass of opposition , excited against it ? and is not that strength less likely to be increased by arming itself with violence against the mass of discontent set in array by the intolerance of the laws enacted for its support ? but instead 617 of strengthening her for security , have you not rather encumbered her by the weight of the armour you have given for her protection ? My lords , I ask , is it to be conceived that such a state of things can possibly last ? Do you think that no advantages might arise from alteration ? Those classes , not of the Established Church , are now all cemented together , by what touches their religion , because they know they are excluded for the sake of the establishment ; remove then the obstacles , and the danger will vanish ; for the question here is between the real and the alleged danger , and my astonishment is , that men are not appalled at the real danger which is most glaring , but direct all their apprehensions of the danger which is but imaginary . My lords ; I think I should not do justice to this part of the subject , if I were not to say a word or two to your lord-ships upon what I conceive to be the advantages that would directly result from the concession of these claims . These persons who are now kept in a state of discontent by reason of the laws against them , are , it is said , rendered ineligible to hold the advantages they claim . I ask , what is it that prevents them ? The answer is , nothing prevents them but their religion . It is this Roman Catholic religion that they profess ; and it is for the support of the present establishment that they are excluded . Why then , I say , if you wish to do away all danger to that establishment , introduce amongst them an individual interest