Ireland some years back ; and the calculation then made was at an average of six persons to a house , and at this average instead of the Catholics amounting to four millions , the whole population did not exceed 2,600,000 ; and since that calculation , I have myself procured an estimate of the population in two of the most extensive and fertile parishes in Ireland ; parishes which are considered the most populous in all the country . I mean the parishes of Lisburn and Glannevin in the north of Ireland , and there the number of men , women , and children , Protestant and Catholic , were at an average of five and one-fourth persons to a house , and those are the most thriving 749 parishes in all the country ; the people are fully employed , and they are almost entirely engaged in the linen manufacture . But in other large parishes the average is not near so great . Surely in the miserable cabins in which the poor Irish peasantry live , and where the still more miserable tenants send out their children to get bread by working for farmers , which is prevalent almost throughout the kingdom , the calculation must be infinitely less than five to a house ; and from the returns I received , taking the highest average , I have every reason to think , that the people of Ireland do not now amount to three millions five hundred thousand souls in the whole kingdom . But , Sir , there are other calculations very worthy of remark . In 1731 , there was a calculation made by a Roman Catholic bishop . Dr. Burke , titular bishop of Ossory , and published at Antwerp in the year 1762 , called Hibernia Dominicana ; and that shews that the population of the whole kingdom , even in 1762 , did not amount to two millions in the whole . Now it is very probable that this bishop had very exact returns and he not only tells you the amount of the whole population of the country , but the relative numbers of Roman Catholics to Protestants . He says the Roman Catholics amounted to 1,300,000 , and the Protestants to 700,000 . The calculation of this man was first published at Antwerp , and from this it appears that the proportion of Catholics to Protestants at that time was but as about three to one . Such , Sir , was the calculation in 1762 , the proportion not being more than two millions in the whole . And yet it is said that since that time they have , doubled their numbers , in spite of all the emigrations to America , the drains to the army , and the other casualties that have happened since that time . Will the House believe that the population of Ireland was doubled in 60 years , when they look at the population of Great Britain since the Revolution . Why , Sir , in England and Wales they have not added more than three millions to their numbers since 1689 . The return made at the Revolution was at 7,000,000 , and the last calculation amounted only to 10,000,000 ; so that in England and Wales , from 1689 down to about eleven years ago , the gross calculation of the population of the country , was only increased by three millions . I think therefore the House will pause before it believes the prodigious calculation with respect to Ireland ! 750 and I am persuaded , when the grounds of the gentleman 's calculation come to be examined , they will be found to be extremely fallacious . However , whether I am right and they are wrong , or vice versa , I shall be a friend to the Bill of the right hon . gentleman over the way , which , I have no doubt , will set the matter at rest . For my own part , I only speak of the probability of the thing , and I can find no other foundation for