the benefits of a Protestant government , who are under the dominion of the Pope ? It may be said that they are loyal subjects , because no man in this country owes his allegiance to a foreign temporal power . I admit they may be peaceable inhabitants , but whatever loyalty they may have , it is from fear rather than from any attachment they have to the government . It is said , that the power of the Pope is now totally void by being under the complete domination of the ruler of France . This is , however , merely asserted , not shewn . No man will deny that at this hour he nominates the Irish bishops . There is not a parish priest in all Ireland that is not appointed by the Pope . Now no person is allowed to be a parish priest in France , but those who are chosen by the prefects of Buonaparté ; such jealousy does he show of the power of the Catholic liturgy . With such an example before us , then , what reason is there why the king of this country should not have a similar power over the Roman Catholic clergy of Ireland as Buonaparté has over those of France ? Buonaparté , who is certainly a very execrable tyrant , and who has trampled upon the boundaries of right and wrong , has yet wisely seen the necessity of having the power of nominating , not only bishops , but of appointing every parish priest . Surely then this is a warning to the supreme ruler of this country to take care that those Irish Catholic priests are kept under the temporal power of the state . Surely this would be more advantageous in a popular state , than in a government where the ruler is a despotic monarch.—The Catholic clergy of Ireland have the power of electing their bishops , and there is a great portion of democracy in the British constitution ; surely then if that is the case , it must be much more advantageous to the people of Ireland , if the Roman 761 Catholic persuasion give the power I have just been describing , to the monarch on the throne , than in a despotic country where the people have no power . But these people want to be left as they now are , with all these dangerous objections unremoved . I trust the House , before they suffer them to have any more power than they now possess , will take good care not to be too lavish in their inattention to this branch of the subject . It has been asserted that these people deny all temporal power in the Pope . Can you believe this , when it is very well known that they have sworn an allegiance to him , infinitely stronger than to the crown ? And when it is argued on the other side , that the spirituality he is invested with gives him no temporal power , I completely deny it . Was it ever stated , or ever contended that there was not a great degree of temporal power attached to the spiritual supremacy ? Now then , Sir , I deny the truth of this proposition , in as much as the temporal power of the Pope in marriages can not be denied . That power in many instances , is conclusive against the laws of this land . Why then , Sir , is not this of very great consequence ? Because if you controul this power , and the temporal power of the spiritual authority in other things , will you not have endless petitions on your table against the soundest maxims and laws of the land in respect of the adjudication of the right of property ? Will it not then be called a religious grievance ? Suppose , by the laws of the land , you decree a marriage to be defective , by certain rites of marriage not being duly performed , will it not be said to be an unjust and an intolerable