only difference was , if a man could afford to wait 'ad Græcas Calendas , ' that was , till the Bank returned , to payments in specie , which the present measure would lead to the protraction of for ever . His sincere and perfect belief was , that it would end in national bankruptcy . For all history shewed them that such had been the tendency of similar practices in other nations , and did not afford them one solitary instance to the contrary . To add to this moral certainty of the result , our national debt had increased , and was increasing , and with that increase the advance of the price of all commodities . They were told , if this step was insufficient , they must take another ; and what must that step be ? —to make bank notes at once a legal tender . And should this also fail in effect , what remained to be done ? They must compel all persons 203 to bring their commodities to market at fixed prices , or they must return to the point from which they had unfortunately departed some years ago , and they must return to it against the increased difficulties which would be thrown in their way , if they agreed to the present measure . He laid no stress on the confined issue of bank notes , as there was no criterion to judge by , whether that issue was too great or not ; neither did he think this matter ought to be left to the discretion of the bank directors , however respectable they were . The measure was prospective : and they could not answer for directors 30 years hence , in whom government might be as much mistaken , as they had been in those in whom they reposed trust at the period of the South Sea Bubble . With the same capital they had when they issued 12 or 13 millions , they now issued double that amount—and had , consequently , a double profit , while the risk lay with the country . They might proceed to issue 40 millions—and still the country be obliged to take these notes , without their being guaranteed by the government . But if government did not guarantee these notes , they had no right to make them a legal tender . Between individuals , such an act would be almost a fraud ; and in a government , it was an egregious act of unjust violence . Was the system of `` I promise to pay '' to be carried on for ever ? When would this end , and what would be the consequences ? If the Bank got into any intermediate difficulties , and was not able to pay in specie , the government must allow it to go on longer paying in paper ; the end must be bankruptcy.—With respect to Ireland , there was one circumstance which must strike every one in regard to the extension of the measure to that country . Whatever measure they might adopt after the enquiry they had had , as to guaranteeing the bank of England , would any man say , that the House had on its table sufficient information as to the bank of Ireland , or sufficient parliamentary grounds to warrant them in guaranteeing its issues ? If they did not , why tell the people of that country that they must and should take their notes ? If they did not , had they any documents to justify themselves in undertaking this responsibility ? As the measure was unique and isolated in itself , so was the mode in which it was conducted in the House . It reminded him of the sentence in Shakespeare— '' Things ill-begun make strong 204 themselves by ill. '' There had only been three prosecutions last year connected with this subject , and to compel payments in specie ; and he maintained that this was no inconvenience to warrant a step of that fatal tendency they were now called upon to take . He therefore opposed the