that they had proceeded direct from Amsterdam to Russia , and accounted for the length of time that had intervened by a fabricated statement of tempestuous weather which they had encountered , of bad treatment on an inhospitable island , and of interruptions by the ice . Were it not that he understood from the right hon . gent , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the papers he wished would not be granted to him , he should have moved for the whole of this doubly fabricated history ; and should have shewn from the answer of the captain in the Court of Admiralty here , that during the time he was struggling in the course of his voyage through the ice , as sworn to in his affidavit in Russia , he was actually in this country . He should not read the whole of these papers , which were of considerable length , but he simply stated these as their contents . When this case was argued before the Court of Admiralty , a junior counsel , who , in the simplicity of his soul , thought that a perjured document could not be received in an English court of law , was treated with contempt for his ignorance ; and was almost hooted at by his more experienced brethren , for objecting to a document which was necessary for carrying on the trade of this country . This doctrine was assented to by the court , and the objection was instantly over-ruled . He asked , was he not founded in justice , in saying , that this was a system so destructive to morality , and to the well-being of the country , that it ought not at least to receive the favour and protection of the Court of Admiralty of this country ? There was another paper which he would have moved for , namely , a copy of instructions how to act in case of a vessel 's being detained , as exhibiting a most ding 413 gusting picture of the frauds which the country was reduced to practise , in order to ; be enabled to carry on this trade by licences . It would not be necessary for him to fatigue the House by an enumeration of the different false , fabricated , and inconsistent documents which these instructions recommended every captain to be provided with , so as to suit every emergency . It was sufficient to say , that perjury was universally practised throughout the whole system ; and that it was even admitted and tolerated in our courts of Admiralty . That this was the case he had already explained in the instance of the vessel from Amsterdam , to which he had already alluded.—For , if he could shew , which he pledged himself to do , if the papers were granted to him , that a single vessel had been liberated where it was evident all the documents were grounded on perjury , then there could be no doubt what the principle was , and that it ought to be looked at with horror and detestation . He could not say that , to his conception of the matter , the Court of Admiralty had done its duty . Was a person sitting in judgment to be told , that it was necessary to colour and protect property by fraud and perjury , to listen to that idea , because he was informed , as a reason for his doing so , that the perjury was committed , not for the purpose of deceiving this country , but for the purpose of deceiving our enemies ? He could not listen to such reasoning . He must continue to have his ideas directed by the rules of justice . He could not swerve from his duty ; but was bound to believe , that a person who would not scruple to perjure himself , or to take a false oath for the purpose of deceiving our enemies , would have equally little scruple in deceiving us where were the limits to such a system , he