a system not founded upon just principles , and which therefore the longer it continued became the more menacing and calamitous in its operation . His wish was to revert as mach as possible to true prince- 82 ples , and keep the circulating medium within certain bounds . Supposing , then , the Catholic question decided , an impassable line of separation existed between him and the present administration , in the proposition for making Bank-notes a legal tender . With respect to the policy which the circumstances of the present crisis demanded to be maintained in the affairs of the peninsula , he certainly was not prepared to say that it was expedient to recall our troops immediately home ; but he certainly did not wish to proceed on that expensive mode of warfare , without having some military authority as to the probable result of it ; and he wished , above all , to see the opinion of the illustrious commander of the forces in that country on the subject . No part of national policy was more open to repeated discussion , or more calculated to engender a diversity of opinion , than the most proper mode of carrying on foreign warfare . The first principle in the policy of all wars was to inflict the utmost possible injury on the enemy , at the expence of the least possible injury to ourselves . Such a question , therefore , as that which related to the I continuance of the present contest in the peninsula , depended on a variety of considerations , arising out of recent events and the consequent and relative situations of ourselves and of the enemy . In determining on the expediency of any mea-I sure of this nature , he was to be guided by calculations formed on an extensive combination and comparison of circumstances . He thought , and thought most decidedly , that a reduction of our expenditure was called for by reflections of the most urgent and powerful kind ; and he would feel it to be his duty , before he could agree to the continuance of any continental enterprises like those in which we were now engaged , to take a wide survey of our own resources , to measure their extent , and the means of their application to the objects for the attainment or promotion of which they were proposed to be exerted . If the result of such an estimate were to establish any thing like a certainty of success in the schemes , that were devised , all his hesitations and difficulties would be removed , and he should consider even the most extensive scale of foreign operations as recommended and supported by the principles of œconomy itself . He hoped too that he felt as warmly , and was as willing to acknowledge that feeling as any noble lord , the 83 justice of that cause which we were maintaining in the peninsula . No cause related in the annals of mankind ever rested more entirely on sentiments of the most honourable feeling , or was more connected , if circumstances were favourable , with principles of national advantage . The spectacle exhibited was the most interesting that could engage the simpathies or the attention of the world , and it was impossible not to wish to afford assistance to the noble struggle of a free people against the most unparalleled treachery , the most atrocious violence that ever stained or degraded the ambition of despotic power . If he could but calculate on the probability of supporting such a cause to a triumphant issue , there could remain no doubt but that the separation from France of such a country as Spain , containing her extent of territory and amount of population , would be to augment in a great degree our own national security . But those principles , on which the prosecution of that war could be defended , must be reduced to a mere speculative theory , unless supported by adequate exertions from the Spanish people and the Spanish government ; without that necessary co-operation all