vindicate the character of a brave and gallant office , and to redress the injuries he had sustained , by the only mode which remained to remove the stigma which had been most unjustly affixed to him . The case of captain Tomlinson had bee '' already in part before the House , on a recent debate , [ see vol . 21 , p. 960 , ] and it had been there stated , he thought rather incautiously , by the secretary of the Admiralty ( Mr. Croker , ) that captain Tomlinson had been acquitted in consequence of a flaw in the indictment . This he denied ; for there was not a tittle of evidence on which he could be condemned , nor could it be shewn that he was guilty of the smallest neglect of duty . What was the nature of the accusation ? That captain Tomlinson , commander of the Pelter gun-brig , had entered into a conspiracy to defraud government , by making extra charges for the repairs of the vessel which he commanded , and that those extra charges were to be made by a forgery of the blacksmith 's account , which amounted to 29l . and was to be increased to 98l . This conspiracy was alleged to have taken place fifteen years prior to the charge being brought against him ; and it happened that this was the only money transaction that captain Tomlinson ever had with the navy board in his life . From the nature of the business , it was quite impossible for a person in captain Tomlinson 's situation to account for the authenticity of all the vouchers of the sub-tradesmen , or of the stores which reseat to the ship , and his business was 174 to transmit them ministerially to the navy board . In the present case then , he affirmed , there was no fraud whatever ; and he was convinced that the ship-wright was perfectly innocent of any fraud , though that was not material as affecting captain Tomlinson . That officer had pursued the ordinary course on his arrival in port , relative to the repairs of his vessel ; he drew a bill on the navy board for the amount , and his pay was debited on the bill until the vouchers were forwarded . The necessary certificates were procured ( which the hon . gentleman read ) , and the bill was ordered to be paid , as the certificates were perfectly regular ; and it so happened that the officer who succeeded captain Tomlinson , in the Pelter , being re-commissioned ( lieut . Walsh ) , was acquainted with the transaction , and might have been examined . This being the case , it was most extraordinary that , without any ground of charge , the navy board should afterwards obtain a warrant to arrest captain Tomlinson . And here he had to remark , that the evidence which had been procured did not attach , in the slightest degree , to captain Tomlinson ; did not even name him , or venture to assert that they suspected him , or had any reason to suspect him ; and it was certainly rather a hasty proceeding in Mr. Justice Nares to grant the warrant on such slight grounds , and he could not help supposing that he must have been taken unawares . The hon . gentleman then referred to the affidavits , in which the name of Captain Tomlinson never occurred . However , two Bow-street officers were dispatched in pursuit of him , while he was in the command of the sea fencibles at the mouth of the Scheldt . He surrendered himself , and on coming to town requested an interview with the solicitor of the navy , who refused to meet him until he submitted to the warrant . He asked , was this the treatment due to a gallant and meritorious officer , to refuse him an explanation , on a charge of fifteen years standing , and after dragging him up to town on an accusation of a capital