as an addition , rather than a diminution of the distresses at present felt by our manufacturers , and would in an especial manner disappoint the expectations of those who speculated in adventures to the East . In these circumstances , he contended , that the House was called on to appoint a committee , to consider in what manner the sufferings of the manufacturing interests could most effectually and materially be diminished . What the House could do , they were called on now to do it was plain , that no good was to be expected from the fanciful and visionary speculations in which the right hon . gentleman had been indulging . said , as the Orders in Council would soon , as stated by the hon . gentleman , come before them for general discussion , he would now abstain from that subject so incidentally introduced . With respect to the Licence trade , too , as the papers and licences were to be laid on their table on Monday ; it would , perhaps , be as well to leave that matter till a 430 fitter time , when the necessary information was before them . The hon . gentleman had said , that for the value of 5l . per ton exported , all the manufactures of France were permitted to be brought into this country—but he had not stated , that on these manufactures so heavy a duty was imposed , as sufficiently to protect the British trader . On linen and lawns , for instance , there was a duty of 60 per cent . ; and , as for lace and cambric , the permission to import them , be believed , did not add a single yard to the quantity brought into the country ; and it was upon this principle , that all administrations had permitted them to be imported . He trusted , the House would not allow itself to be drawn into a discussion every day on the same subjects . As for the iron manufacturers in Dudley and Birmingham , he knew , that they felt the existing pressure more than any other description of persons , as their articles were more limited to the American market . But the House , on discussing the subject , would be able to see , whether or not our American trade was injured by the Orders in Council , which were not issued for the purposes mentioned by the hon . gentleman , but for the purpose of retorting upon our enemy , France . No doubt , the manufacturers in this country were , at this moment , suffering greatly ; but the question was , whether their sufferings proceeded from these Orders , or , as he contended , from the measures of Buonaparté ? If the revocation of the Orders would hurt the country generally , though it might relieve a certain proportion of distress , they were placed in a very painful dilemma , in deciding upon the line of conduct incumbent upon them as a legislature , to pursue , either to come to that revocation , or continue to lock up America from trade . No person could feel more sensibly than he did for the distresses of our manufacturers , and he was satisfied their motive in petitioning was most pure ; but it by no mans followed that those distresses were occasioned by the Orders in Council . In Birmingham he was happy to think , that the manufacturers still continued to keep the workmen employed , though the pressure upon them was great ; and he had also the satisfaction of understanding , that the poor 's rates had been reduced in Birmingham within the last three years . confirmed the statement , that Birmingham was not actually in that state of distress which warranted the 431 use of such a hard word as `` starvation . '' Such an allegation ought not to go forth uncontradicted . It was true that Birmingham suffered in common with all other places in the empire , but the want of employment