but the capacity to receive them when earned by their ability , industry , and valour . They solicit `` 10 privilege , no preference over others , but that equality of rights , under which the meanest subject in this country knows that neither birth nor poverty disqualify him for the public service ; they demand from you that encouragement to industry and virtue even in the lowest stations , which arises from the possibility of attaining to the highest . And this they claim not to gratify the honourable ambition of a few , but to secure the dearest interests of all ; to diffuse amongst their whole community that confidence and security of private life , that daily protection of property and person , that inward sense of legal and inviolable independence which equal laws can alone afford to Irishmen , as equal laws have alone conferred the same blessings on the poorest classes of the inhabitants of Great Britain . For your own sake , if not for theirs , they ask from you this act of justice . They intreat you to enable them , without the galling sense of inferiority , to risk their lives in your defence : they implore you to rescue yourselves from the basest of all imputations , that of receiving obligations which you possess the means but want the disposition to reward . They pray you to reflect on the situation of Europe , on the exigencies of the British empire , and on 666 the duties of all its subjects . Let us also , they exclaim , let us also be seen in this great crisis of the world , bearing our just part in those exertions on which our safety , no less than yours depends ; sharing , not the dangers only , but also the glory of the contest ; leading as well as following our fellow-subjects to the field of victory ; partaking with them in the administration of our common interests , and deliberating by the same right as yourselves in the free assemblies of our common country . These are the Petitions which your lordships are advised to cast from you , neglected and unheard . These , the just claims of freemen , but tendered to you in the spirit of loyaly ' , and the language of supplication ; these , recommending themselves alike to your feelings and your interests , appealing irresistibly to your good faith , your justice , your wisdom , and your honour , yet never once admitted to be the subject of your deliberative consideration . How shall we justify this conduct ? What defence of it has been attempted by the Secretary of State , ( the Earl of Liverpool ) who almost alone , in this debate , has argued for its continuance ? All that he has this night offered to you , has served only to furnish fresh inducements for referring these Petitions to a committee of the House , that they may there , at last , be temperately and deliberately considered . For in what did his speech consist ? He has enumerated all the various questions which such an inquiry would naturally embrace : questions , which if they were as difficult as he maintains , important , complicated , and at the same lime essential to the decision of this cause , would prove only with increased conviction the necessity of its immediate and deliberate examination . He distinguishes , how accurately I need not ask , between direct and indirect exclusion ; the one improper , the other fit to be maintained . To common understandings , the grounds and limits of this distinction are not extremely obvious . Could he establish it , the consequence to which it inevitably leads , is decisive against his own argument . Does he admit that direct exclusions are unjust Examine then the case of these petitioners ; try it by history ; look into the statutes now existing , and see if it be possible to deny that the Catholics are shut out from your constitution by