they so prophetic that they can venture to pledge futurity r Do they not know that what the multitude looks to , it looks to absolutely ? Amid all the chances and revolutions of human events , could they imagine nothing that could revoke or modify this ill timed declaration ? No change of times and temper , none of policy and expediency ? To some of them I should have thought a change of mind would not hare appeared so very astonishing : lord Grenville could certainly have suggested , that such a thing was not out of the course of human events . How they may excuse this to their own consciences , how to the illustrious personage , whose confidence they boasted , I know not . But really when they gravely advert to this clamour and irritation , so excited , as a ground of concession , it is carrying the maxim of prophecy working its own completion a little too far . As well might a man be called upon to give up his estate , because some soothsayer , by I know not what prognostics , had raised hopes of it in another . And surely , if mere clamour and irritation are to be urged on the one hand , as reasons for accelerating this measure , it is wise , at least , to look if there is no clamour 806 and irritation on the other , which ought in prudence to retard it . I will appeal to all those whom the magnitude and importance of this question has drawn together from their retirement in distant counties , from among the `` sons of their people , '' from those opportunities of commerce and communication with the middle and lower classes , which the habits of a populous city-preclude.—Is there not a feeling tremblingly alive upon these subjects ? Yes , we know that the electric matter is abroad , we have heard faint thunders growling in the stillness of the evening ; and have seen the lambent flashes in the distance : shall we choose such a moment as this to set the spire upon this fabric ? such a moment to carry its exaltation into the clouds , and to call down the mad fury of the tempest into its very foundations ? If there is nothing in this to intimidate us , there is something at least to make us pause , and be doubly sure that we are in the right . We are the representatives of the nation , and let us reflect that , should this measure in the end prove detrimental , we shall not have the consolation that we were urged to it by the sense of the country , and that if in error , we were but in the error of the people . I know what I shall hear vociferated a return to this . The Popery cry : the dreadful , the atrocious Popery cry ! and with what grace from those benches ? Have those gentlemen raised no cry ? Have they never played upon the passions and prejudices of the people ? Let Ireland tell . Let their discussions in this House bear witness . Let that hecatomb of parchment skins upon our table bear record ! And where , we have been triumphantly asked by the hon . member who opened this debate , are our counter-petitions , where our columns of signatures to be set off against these ? I will point to two only : in themselves a host . I will shew him the two universities of this land raising their voice against this measure . `` Nos duo turba sumus . '' The only two bodies in the kingdom perhaps , upon which a popular vulgar cry can not be supposed to have any influence . And this august pair alone stands forth ! What is the inference ? When science , when meditation have stepped forward from their calm retreat , who will believe that in such a cause the acclamation of the multitude could not have been stirred up ?