felony ? He could not help saying that it savoured something of malice . At last a hearing was granted him . Mr. Graham and Mr. Nares both said , that there was not a tittle of evidence in support of the charge ; and when the solicitor of the navy proposed that ha should be liberated on bail , these gentlemen said , that there was no pretence for that ; and the prosecution would have 175 ended here , but a bill of indictment , founded on exparte evidence , was found against captain Tomlinson and Mr. Tanner , by the grand jury of Middlesex.—Here the hon . gentleman recapitulated some of the particulars of the trial , and commented on the speech of the Attorney General ( as reported on that occasion , by a person employed by the prosecutors . ) The result was the acquittal of captain Tomlinson , after having suffered what he must call a most cruel prosecution . It could not have been hoped that captain Tomlinson would be found guilty , for if there was a shadow of evidence against him the indictment would have been laid in Hampshire or Devonshire , and not in Middlesex , when it must necessarily have fallen to the ground . All the evidence which had been procured , was that of persons actuated by malice or spleen against the shipwright , Mr. Tanner , and there was no opportunity of procuring evidence to rebut them . On the whole , there appeared a considerable degree of malice manifested by the solicitor of the navy board , in the mode of conducting the prosecution of captain Tomlinson and Tanner . On the 23d January , 1810 , the latter entreated to be allowed to state his case ; but it was pretended , that nothing was known of it , though he saw the witnesses , who deposed against him , in the room of Mr. Knight , the solicitor of the navy . He was equally unsuccessful in an application to sir W. Rule , one of the commissioners of the navy . On the 4th February he was arrested , and kept in a lock-up house , after which he was sent to gaol , where he was left nine days before he was confronted with his accusers , who were suffered to go down to Dartmouth when they had signed the affidavits , from whence they returned on the 12th or 13th February . Whether , however . Tanner had been guilty or not , captain Tomlinson was not affected by the evidence , and the prosecution must be attributed to malice and cruel oppression . Prior to the prosecution he had held an important command , in consequence of apian submitted to the Admiralty , for fitting out fire-ships on the expedition to the Scheldt , in 1809 . He had been furnished with orders for all the necessary supplies , but afterwards had occasion to make strong representations of a deficiency ; and he was fully justified in doing so , for his character was at stake . He firmly believed that it was in consequence of those complaints that the prose- 176 cution had been commenced against him . On the whole , he trusted the House would grant the papers he should move for , as there was no other resource left to captain Tomlinson by which he could wipe off the stigma injuriously and maliciously thrown upon him . The honourable gentleman then paid the highest compliments to the private and professional character of captain Tomlinson , and concluded by moving , in the first instance , That there be laid before this House , copies of all letters or informations given to the Navy Board , on which the prosecution was ordered against captain Tomlinson and Mr. Benjamin Tanner . '' denied that there was any delay or neglect in the Navy Board , in not having furnished the stores required , consequently that they could not be accused of malice in the prosecution . There had been some years back a sort of mercantile and