it had many good parts , and contained much that might be adopted ) it was impossible any person could wholly approve , who had attentively examined it . spoke in favour of Mr. Bentham 's plan , though he had never recommended its unqualified adoption . He would vote with his hon . and learned friend against proceeding farther that night , and hoped he would take the sense of the House on the subject . stated his objections to various parts of Mr. Bentham 's plan . He strongly opposed the amendment , on account of the delay it would occasion . He was desirous of making the plan as perfect as possible ; but he could see no advantage likely to result from postponing the Committee on the Bill , as he conceived the thinness of the House was to be in a great measure ascribed to a feeling on the part of the members absent , that to attend on this occasion was unnecessary . gave his testimony to the value of Mr. Bentham 's plan , not indeed without amendments , which it had ever courted , and could not , therefore , be considered as pretending to perfection . He particularly eulogised that part of it which provided for the restoration of the criminal to society in a manner which would not , as it were , compel him to a renewal of his vicious courses . He trusted this system would put an end to transportation , except for life , to those whom it was expedient to banish altogether from their countrymen . was against any further postponement . It had appeared , from the report of the Committee , that the situation of the felons in the several gaols of the metropolis called for the most prompt attention . He objected to the plan of making the prisoners a public spectacle , which , in his opinion , had a tendency to defeat the main object , namely , that of affording them every opportunity of solitary reflection upon the nature of their offences , and the justice of their punishment . supported the amendment , on the ground of the absence of many hon . and legal members on the assizes , whose opinions it would be satisfactory to receive on this question . saw no inconvenience in putting it off for so short a period as that proposed by his hon . and learned friend . rose , agreeably to the notice which he had repeatedly renewed , to 104 move for leave to bring in two Bills for regulating the Offices of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty and of Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer . A '' he understood that his motion for leave to bring in these Bills was not to be opposed , he should state nothing farther as to the necessity of them at present . His object was to assimilate the Offices of Registrar of the Court of Admiralty , and deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer , as far as the custody of the money belonging to suitors in those courts was concerned , to the Office of Receiver-General in the Court of Chancery . He accordingly moved for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the Office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty , as far as concerned the custody of the money of suitors in that Court ; also , for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the Office of Deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer , in as far as concerned the custody of the money belonging to suitors in that Court . said , he had no wish to oppose the motion of his hon . and learned friend for leave to bring in the Bills . He should mark the progress of the Bills , however , through the House , and should take an opportunity of proposing clauses granting compensations to the persons who were at present in possession of the offices referred to , without which he could not consent to the Bills now proposed passing into a law . said ,