been so often alluded to , he could assure the House , that some of the gentlemen who had signed , were connected with the first landed interest in the neighbourhood of Belfast ; others were not so , they were not landlords , but he could take upon himself to say , that all were actuated by the same motives—the interest of their country ; nor could their tardy application to the legislature for a redress of that grievance , be considered as proof that it was not severely felt . At first , gold coin could be procured at a premium of about two per cent , perhaps through the means of the landlord 's agent himself ; and this might be considered by the tenants as a douceur , to which , under all circumstances , they were willing to submit . But , now , from the operation of foreign exchanges , and , as he would urge the matter to the House , from an act of parliament itself , preventing the bank of England from making payments in gold , tenants could not procure guineas but with the utmost difficulty , at the rate of 25 per cent . It would be for the House to consider , whether or not the enormous loss of 25 per cent . now sustained by the tenants , was in contemplation of their original contract , when they consented to pay a small douceur to the landlord or his agent , and whether or not they were exposed to that unforeseen loss by circumstances over which they had any controul . To a loss of 2 per cent . they might have cheerfully consented , but the enormous discount which they were now obliged to pay , was a grievance entitled to some consideration . He would not take upon himself to say what measures should be adopted in such circumstances ; he only wished to enforce on the House the propriety and necessity of applying the same measures to Ireland as to the other parts of the empire . They should not lose themselves in minute details about localities , but proceed on the broad basis of the general interests of the united kingdoms . 202 Several gentlemen had , like himself , expressed a wish last year , that the measure then intended for England should also extend to Ireland . He did not conceive , that the peculiar situation of three or four counties could operate as a bar to the wish then expressed , and which he considered as consonant with the prosperity of these realms . was against the Bill , even in this stage , as he did not think it capable of amendment in a Committee . It was another step in that system which , if they argued from analogy to all the other nations in which history informed them similar courses had been pursued , they must be convinced could only terminate in the utter ruin of the country . It was said that the measure was popular ; but he denied the capability of the persons out of doors to form a proper judgment on a subject , which was not fairly presented to their understandings . And it was for the wisdom of that House to correct the errors into which those who did not look so deeply into the matter might and must fall . Not as would seem to be the opinion of his hon . friend ( Mr. D. Giddy ) who would agree to a measure which he was convinced was not right , because the people liked it ; as if , 'Sipopulus vult decipi , decipiatur . ' He was astonished that his hon . friend could lend himself to so ruinous a deception . There were one or two objections to the present Bill , which struck him as so weighty , that he was surprised it could have been at all entertained by the House or the country . It went , to all intents and purposes , to make bank notes a legal tender ; for the