the exchange between London and Dublin was at 18 per cent . when the Committee in 1804 had ascertained that a one pound note and a shilling would purchase a guinea in Ireland , yet the exchange would now be at 25 per cent . and upwards , instead of 18 . If the Committee in 1804 had compared the exchange with Hamburgh , they would have found that it was 18 per cent . against Dublin , to the correspondent in London ; and if they had made a late estimate , it would be 25 per cent . against Dublin ; therefore the depreciation was greater than in 1804 . Next , as to the value of paper , with respect to discount , or of paper on exchange , with gold , the result would be the same . It was perfectly justifiable to assume , that this Bill made paper a legal tender , though it was not set out to be so ; for as the prices would be always regulated by the value of the currency , the only case where notes , being made a legal 281 tender , would be of consequence , was in , old contracts , which would be materially affected . He therefore wished for a delay , to ascertain whether the facts he had stated were correct or not ; for the House , under such circumstances , could not accede to the proposition of the right hon . gentleman . In a matter where the interests of Ireland were so deeply concerned , they should not come to a decision without giving an opportunity to protect its interests in the matter now before them . But it was argued that the Bill was effectual in this country , and therefore that it ought to be extended to Ireland ; but when gentlemen made use of this argument , they must be ignorant of the different situations in which the landlord was placed in that country . Here the leases were for twenty-one years , or a shorter term , and the landlord was sure of a remedy ; but in Ireland , where land was held under leases for long terms , of which three lives was the shortest , the state of things was very different , and the landlord suffered in proportion to the depreciation , without any chance of being able to put himself in a just situation afterwards . Besides , the usage here had been to receive bank-notes since the restriction ; but it was not so in Ireland , where the national bank itself had not been established until the year 1783 , only 14 years before the restriction of payment in specie in this country.—It was not , at the time leases were made in Ireland , the custom for tenants to pay their rents in paper ; but if they were now to be authorised by law , so to do , the effect of such a measure on the landlords would be infinitely worse than the Income Tax in this country , as it would diminish their revenue by one-fourth , without adding the least degree to the resources of the stale . The hon . gentleman could not conceive , besides , the necessity or even the utility of extending to Ireland the provisions of a Bill , which was intended to prevent a double marketable price for goods in this country , when it was universally acknowledged that such a double price actually existed in Ireland . The hon . gentleman then adverted to the occasional depreciations which had taken place in respect to the bank of Ireland paper , notwithstanding the high degree of confidence it had always enjoyed . The bank of England enjoyed the same credit , but the issue of their paper was under the controul of parliament , which was not the case in Ireland . In that country there was no 282 check whatever to the issue of that very bank paper already depreciated , and which this Bill was to force on the people as a legal tender