the crown should not hare the power of securing for its service men whom it might judge to be the most capable , if those men happened not to be in a situation to resign all other professions or pursuits in order to enter into the public service . It was only by such places as these , that the crown had now the power of prevailing on men to accept of offices who were not completely independent in their fortunes , and who were obliged to look to their own exertions for the maintenance and provision of their families . It might be supposed that those observations proceeded from a personal bias ; but he should not pretend to say , that his public services were of such importance to the country , as to make such a measure necessary . He should , however , suppose a case of the crown being at any future time surrounded by aristocratic combinations , and that to preserve its proper place in the constitution , it should deem it necessary to call to its service some gentleman from the other side of the House . It would be very possible , that the gentleman whom it might so select , and who might be more worthy of such selection , would be found in such a situation as not to be able , in duty to himself or his family , to accept of office unless the crown had something of this sort to bestow , in addition to the salary of the office . In such a case as he had supposed , it would be evident that the existence of such offices would contribute materially to the independence of the crown , and to enabling it to keep its proper rank in the constitution . He knew that there were some who conceived the influence of the crown exorbitant . ( Hear , hear ! ) He supposed that those who cheered the expression so clamorously , were of that opinion ; but he should appeal to the opinion of the House in general , whether this influence was too great . He conceived that the progress of information , and the accumulation of wealth , had added , of late years . 1172 much more influence to the aristocratic and democratic part of our constitution—much more weight and influence , than all the existing offices , together with the increased patronage of the army , and the collection of the revenue , gave to the crown . Even the late debates and divisions which had taken place in that House upon col. M'Mahon 's appointment , shewed pretty clearly that there was no such preponderating influence as the crown was supposed to have over parliament . There was no man who could say that the proposed measure would be a matter of indifference , as respecting the crown . It would certainly be a considerable diminution of the influence of the crown ; and it was for the wisdom of parliament to say , whether it would not be a dangerous diminution of an influence which was by no means too great . It would be hazarding a great blow to the monarchy , to deprive the crown of the means of calling any man to its service who was not completely independent in his fortune . A pension , after a certain number of years ' service , would be by no means such an inducement as every man of honour and proper feeling would prefer the means of providing for his family , to any provision which was to be made merely for his own life . No man who could secure a provision for his family by his exertions in private life , would consent to accept of office , unless he had also a prospect held out to him of securing a provision for his family , which one of those sinecure offices might give him . certainly was apprised a long time ago of the hostility of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the principle of this Bill .