during the discussion which was likely to take place on those points , directly or indirectly , in consequence of the Bill brought in last night . He begged leave also to take that opportunity of correcting a misrepresentation which had gone abroad of what had fallen from him last night , and which he was induced to do , not from any importance that could be attached to his opinions , but because the expressions ascribed to him were of a nature to affect the public credit . It had been stated that he said , the Bank of England was unable to pay their notes in specie . So far was he from having made such an assertion , that his whole argument was , that he thought their ability to meet their engagements made the proposed enquiry useless . He always had thought that the Bank could pay in specie , but the difficulty was as to the supplying the quantity of paper called for by the country . He drew no comparison between the funds of the Bank now , and in the year 1797 , and he wished it to be understood that he was not disposed to draw such a comparison . He begged pardon for occupying the attention of the House , but thought the delicacy of the subject demanded some explanation . said , that before he made the motion with which he meant to conclude , he wished first to remove from the minds of gentlemen any misconception , relative to the existence of any insufficiency of a supply of corn in Ireland . It was not his wish to spread any alarm of scarcity , and this he thought necessary to specify , because it too frequently happened , that the discussion of a subject was a sufficient ground for alarm . It was true , that in some local districts some deficiency might be found to exist , and , on that account , he thought it incumbent on the Irish government to direct their attention to the subject , that if no ground for apprehension was found to exist , the public clamour or alarm might be silenced . In another point of view , 32 he was averse to any interference with the corn laws , and was one of those who thought such interference productive of more harm than good ; and with respect to Ireland , he doubted whether any limitation should be placed to the export of corn , as he conceived that country to be equal to supply more than it did at present to England . He deprecated the idea of encouraging distillation from corn as a source of revenue , as it sometimes created a pressure which was severely felt ; and it was the duty of government to sacrifice any small object of revenue to the comforts of the people . The food of the poor in Ireland being chiefly potatoes , the high price of corn only affected them when there was a failure of the crop of potatoes , which was the only proof on the subject . In such a case , he thought it the duty of government to put a stop at once to distillation . He was given to understand , that the consumption of grain in Dublin was nearly double , in consequence of the distillation from grain in that city—a permission by which industry was discouraged , and immorality promoted . He must repeat , however , that there did not exist the least reason to apprehend a scarcity in Ireland , and that there was a redundancy of provisions in one part of the country sufficient to preserve the reasonable price , and to supply any deficiency that might partially exist . He concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before this House , an account of the number of gallons of Irish-made spirits on which duty was paid in Ireland , from the 5th day of January , 1811 , to the latest period to which the same can be made up ; distinguishing the districts , together