the distillation from grain , while such high price continues . '' said , he was fully inclined to give the noble earl every degree of credit on the score of purity of intention , in coming forward on the present occasion ; but it was with much regret he felt obliged to oppose the adoption of the noble earl 's propositions . Their lordships were not now to be reminded of the great , the extreme delicacy with which the agitation of all questions connected with the subsistence of the population was attended . They must feel the great importance of having it alleged in so grave a place , that the executive government had neglected its duty on an occasion of such vital importance . But without the existence of any actual scarcity , as the noble earl had avowed his belief of , and without which he must contend that any measure would be injurious , he thought it much to be lamented , that the subject was thus brought forward . His information , which he had from the best sources , from almost daily conversing with persons just arrived , or from letters almost daily received from Ireland , led him to draw very different conclusions from those adopted by the noble earl . There was no danger to be apprehended , or even the appearance of any degree of scarcity taking place , at least during the present year in that country ; that an universal rise in the prices of grain had taken place in Ireland , 156 was a proposition which he must deny . He had recently perused a written statement of the prices , in the principal markets , particularly in the articles of the first necessity , of oats , wheat , and potatoes . In some places , oats were at 13s . 6d . the barrel . At Bantry , they were at 14s . at one time , and afterwards at 12s . 6d . : on the very same day , they were as high as 25s . at the great mart of Cork . Potatoes were 3s . 6d . the stone at Cork , a price never known before , while in Dublin they were only 1s . The rise , therefore , was far from being universal , and there existed no apprehension of a scarcity . The proposition of stopping the distilleries would not act as a remedy , particularly now the season was nearly at its close , and the stock in a state , from the processes it had gone through , so as to be unfit for the food of man . The government of Ireland had earlier and better information on the subject than either himself or the noble earl , and it was highly reprehensible if it did not adopt every practicable expedient to avert the dangers contemplated by the noble earl . The principal cause , in his opinion , for a rise in the prices of grain in Ireland , was the great exportations of corn from that country , and particularly to Great Britain . It had been stated , that the proportion of wheat imported here from Ireland was about one-tenth ; but of late years , the proportion , in the article of wheat alone , amounted to one third of the whole of the British importation ! To this the measure proposed by a right hon . baronet in another House , greatly contributed . He meant not to impugn the measure , it was of advantage not only to Ireland , but to the empire at large [ Hear , hear ! from the marquis of Lansdown ] . As to any serious apprehensions of a scarcity in Ireland , he was far from apprehending any . The noble duke at the head of that government did not sleep upon other occasions , and he was not likely to slumber on this . Judging and feeling as he did of the noble earl 's proposition , he should take the liberty to move , `` That this House do