, however , was whether , in connection with this subject , a hostile mind existed in the American government towards this country , which nothing could satisfy ? He maintained , however , that at the time America declared that France had revoked her Decrees , she had fair grounds for saying so , and therefore just reasons for expecting us to follow up the commencement of conciliation on the part of France , by a revocation of our Orders in Council . What , he would ask , was the proper mode of communicating from one country to another an act of the government ? `` In the Moniteur , or the Gazette , '' said the right hon . gentleman—he , however , ( Mr. Baring ) thought a direct communication from one minister to another was just as legitimate , and that direct communication the American government had had . But , it was argued , the French government was not to be trusted . Was that language to be used from one country 1107 to another ? Was it not a sentiment calculated-to destroy all confidence between nations , and to interpose an impassible barrier to conciliation ; but whatever grounds we might have for disbelieving or for doubting the sincerity of the French declaration , America was bound to receive it , as she would the declaration of any other government . Under those circumstances , therefore , and at the period of time to which he was alluding , America was justified in demanding from us the repeal of our Orders in Council , and it was impossible to read the correspondence between Mr. Monro and Mr. Foster , without feeling that there was a strong anxiety on the part of the American government to repeal her commercial restrictions . He had dwelt upon these particulars with the more earnestness , because he was extremely solicitous to convince the House , that there had been nothing in the conduct of America towards this country , at all indicatory of a hostile disposition on the part of her government ; and that the construction which America had put upon the declaration of France , that her Berlin and Milan Decrees were substantially repealed , was such as she was justified in putting . For a considerable time after that declaration , nothing occurred on the part of France to prove that her Decrees were not revoked ; and when our minister in America maintained that they were not revoked , he was immediately required to shew that any capture of any American vessel had taken place , or any act of the French government , avowed , subsequently to the alleged revocation , which proved his assertion . This he could not do , and therefore at that time America had good grounds for believing in the revocation , and for requiring of us to fulfil our agreement , by repealing our Orders in Council . Nay , even to this day , he did not hear of any condemnation in the French courts of prize , of vessels taken under the provisions of the Berlin and Milan Decrees ; captures he knew there had been , since their alleged revocation , but he was not aware of any condemnations . There was another important question which the House had to consider . Admitting that France had completely put a stop to our commerce on the continent , what remedy did the Orders in Council offer to us ? The right hon . gentleman said , that to them we owed the present prosperous state of our trade ; if that were the case , if our trade were at this moment 1108 really prosperous , he should be satisfied of their utility and expediency ; but was such the state of the trade ; or rather , who would venture to maintain that it was , in defiance of all those Petitions , coming from almost every manufacturing district in the country ? He would , therefore , say , that if the experiment could at all be justifiable , the state of