right hon . friend 's motion should be unpropitious to the Catholics , let them not despair . They must be aware on what their fate depends . For many years their attempts at emancipation have been obstructed by the person administering the high functions of government . Thus , and thus only are they obstructed still . All the other difficulties which were in the way of concession , have been conquered : this alone remain ? . From the crown—and from the crown alone , proceed the obstacles . The Regent has but to will , and the thing is done—he has but to will , and he will again be the idol of Ireland—he has but to wait , and the time will be for ever gone I Such is the actual state of the case . The recorded vole of the other House of Parliament proclaims it . The vote of this House to-night will I have no doubt confirm it , for who can suppose the influence of the crown not to extend so far as to decide the opinion of half the number , of which the majorities of both Houses are composed ? It is fit that Ireland should know this : it is fit that the Catholics should feel that their fate is in the hands of the sovereign power . If the Catholics , in ignorance of the strange events which have occurred within the last two months , had asked , who held the sovereign power , the answer would have been `` Ecce quod optanti . '' The Prince of Wales—the protector of the Catholics—the encourager of their 988 hopes , the defender of their claims . '' This joyful intelligence would have excited in their breasts an enthusiasm approaching to madness . They would have been all confidence , all rapture , —all delight : Strange reverse ! how astonished , how overpowered would they have felt , had they suddenly been told , that from the very source of all their hope , proceeded the sad assurance of their disappointment ! And at what a moment do the ministers whom the Regent employs give him this pernicious counsel , which may shake the very foundations of his father 's throne ! At a moment when the country within is agitated by discontents , the result of the total stagnation of commerce and manufactures ; —at a moment when an enormously expensive contest rages without , of the termination of which these ministers themselves admit that not a ray of hope is visible—at a moment when a new war appears on the eve of breaking out , the proclamation of it having been already issued by the Regent 's declaration fron Whitehall ; —at a moment when the maritime force of our enemy is increasing to a scale which we have formerly been told could be the result only of peace ; —at a moment when the apprehension of approaching scarcity over-spreads the land ; —Gracious God ! Sir , at such an awful moment do we find , from the speech of the right hon . gentleman and from the speeches of those by whom he is supported , that the affairs of this country are placed in the hands of men , who , simply on the ground of a difference in religious faith , advise the Regent , by the rejection of their just claims , to hazard the revolt of four millions of his subjects , after the repeated proofs which they have given of fidelity an affection for his person . They shut their eyes to the situation of the country , but they open them wide to some paltry publications which have fallen in their way , and affect to justify their own conduct by quoting extracts of pamphlets ( read scrap by scrap , I and without the context ) as if they spoke the language of the Catholics of Ireland ; in order to throw an odium upon that loyal and respectable body . They set at naught all the declarations , all the oaths , and all the other