to defeat the object I , for one , have in view ; and so far from agreeing with the hon . gentleman who spoke last , that we ought not to go into the committee , because we have not previously settled this important matter , my chief inducement to agree to that proceeding is , that we have refrained from any , promulgation of our sentiments on the subject . It is not very usual , before you proceed to negociation , to give the other 825 party the advantage of knowing all you mean to concede , or all you mean to require ; and I approve of the motion of the right hon . gentleman ( may I not call him the venerable assertor of the claims of his countrymen ) because I apprehend that in the committee we need not go further than to ascertain the present state of the penal laws . When we hare done so , it does not follow that we shall do more than report to the House how they now stand , in order that they may be laid at the foot of the throne , with an humble address to his Royal Highness , praying him to take the situation of the Catholic body into his gracious consideration . Leaving the matter of securities to be settled by government in the first instance , preparatory to the ultimate decision of parliament . I am not one of those . Sir , who expect from a change of system , with respect to Ireland , any sudden or miraculous improvement in the circumstances of that country . Such changes are in their nature gradual ; in their progress , slow and imperceptible . It is by kindness and conciliation on the one hand , accompanied by a firm and vigorous execution of the laws on the other , that the state of Ireland is to be ameliorated , and all her most invaluable resources drawn forth . Conciliate the peaceable and loyal , that you may be able to controul the turbulent and refractory . But I do look for one immediate and incalculable advantage from such a policy on our part , a change in the feelings and temper of the Catholics of Ireland , a change that will induce that gallant population to flock in increased numbers to our standard , with the liveliest emotions of gratitude and attachment . We talk of the security of our exclusive system . Show me that we shall recruit our army by an addition of thousands of brave Irish Catholics , available either for our home defence , or for the increase of the force serving under their illustrious countryman in the peninsula ; and I shall think we have done more for security , than all the tests can now do that the dread of the Pope ever wrung from the fears , however well founded , of our ancestors . Sir , I believe there is to be found among the Catholics of Ireland wisdom and talent , capable of enlightening your councils , and leading your armies . We know them to possess a valour equal to the glorious task of extending or preserving your empire abroad , and of shielding their native shore from the pollution of 826 foreign invasion . At this awful moment do not refuse to avail yourselves of the means of defence Providence has put into your hands . I would here address myself to the Catholics , and I would exhort them , as they expect conciliation from us , to be themselves conciliatory . The time is coming for the favourable consideration of their claims . Let them be peaceable , let them be loyal , and they have my warmest prayers for their success . I love them as my countrymen , I honour them as fellow-christians and as freemen , and I look forward with eager expectation to the time when they shall be united with us in interest and affection , as they already are in law and government . said , that the motion went simply