previously given notice that he would not receive notes as legal tender . The other was also an action for a small sum which was paid into court , and no subsequent proceedings took place . These were the only cases which he had been able to find upon record . According to the provisions of the Bill , it did not occasion any impediment to prosecutions if the public had been inclined to quarrel with it , therefore he was justified in saying that there was no great disposition to resist the measure , nor did the public feel much oppression from it , because if they felt aggrieved , actions in many instances would have been brought . The circumstance of so few being instituted , shewed that the public were not anxious to procure money in payment of their demands . He was , of course , confirmed in the opinion he had expressed when the matter was last before the House , that hostility to the measure was not a sentiment generally prevalent in the country , and that there were but few who would be inclined to follow the example of the noble lord ( King ) . It might be said , if the evil was of so very limited an extent , there was no need of a remedy . In this he could not concur ; for if men once found that they could , by oppression against their neighbours , promote their own advantage , there were , he was afraid , many who , if not restrained by law , would not scruple to do so ; but the rarity of the attempt to commit an evil afforded consolation when a remedy was sought to be provided against it : and the present measure was only giving security to that species of payment which the great body of the people were evidently willing to receive . With these few observations he should content himself , and move , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend an act of the last session of parliament , for making more effectual provision for preventing the current gold coin of the realm from being paid or accepted for a greater value than the current value of such coin , for preventing any note or bill of the governor and company of the Bank of England from being received for any smaller sum than the sum thereat ; specified , and for staying proceedings upon a distress by tender of such notes , and to extend the same to Ireland . '' said he was unable , even in that early stage of the business , to avoid 6 expressing his astonishment at the very flippant manner in which the right hon . gentleman had introduced and argued the present motion , when the question was actually neither more nor less than that of making bank-notes a legal tender . The language of the right hon . gentleman when the Bill was originally brought forward , towards the close of last session , and on the spur of a pretended occasion , was very different . He then said it was merely an experiment called for to meet a particular exigency , and it was generally understood that the Bill was not intended to be renewed , until at least it had been duly examined in all its various bearings . Yet within nine days before the expiration of that Bill , the right hon . gentleman came down to propose not only its revival but an additional provision , which it was obvious , would have exactly the same effect as making Bank-notes a legal tender . Besides this , there were other circumstances that had passed this night , which ought , in his opinion , to determine the House to pause before they gave leave to bring in this Bill . The noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) had last year objected particularly to the extending of this Bill to Ireland , because bargains in the north of that country being made for payment in