do highly approve the Copenhagen expedition , as a measure perfectly consistent with the law of nations , and equally necessary to the safety , good faith , and honourable character of the country . '' The noble earl ( Camden ) who lately resigned , would , without any reluctance or hesitation , accept this test , because it was agreeable to his former opinions , as the principal adviser of that measure ; while another President , a noble friend of mine , ( lord Sidmouth ) who I am happy to see now in that situation , would rather have expired than attempt to take it . He indeed had wished to restore every old plank , and rusty nail , taken on that occasion , to their original owners . Here , then , is a case by which , I hope , I have proved that one man may swear to an opinion with a safe conscience , from which another may recoil with horror and disgust , and yet this difference not disqualifying either from an office of the highest trust in the state , much less subject the recusant to the suspicion of disloyalty . So much then for the perfect equality and justice of such tests ; and will it after this be urged that a Roman Catholic gentleman , of whose morality , of whose loyalty , and scrupulous regard of oaths you do not—you can not entertain any doubts , ought to be called on to declare , in opposition to his conscience , in opposition to his religious faith , principles not essential either to his loyalty , or to your security , before you will admit him to political confidence in any place of power or trust ? My lords , as to the distinctions which have been drawn between political power and civil rights , and , I hope , I shall not be suspected of fantastical notions on this subject , I can recognize no such distinction . In a free state it never can exist ; they are adjunct attributes , and no man can have political power without the eligibility 614 to enjoy it ; and it is this eligibility , and not the power , that the Catholics now ask . But to be disqualified from power , by a fictitious ineligibility , founded on opinions purely religious , and not practically hostile to the state , is a most cruel disqualification . Many of your lordships have passed through various honours , if not to the advantage , at least with the approbation of the country ; and I can see few indeed , when I look around me , who have not themselves , or whose ancestors before them , have not been invested with the dignities , honours , and emoluments of the state . It is easy then for such men to turn round to the Catholic and tell him , `` You are quite mistaken in the objects of your pursuit : we have tasted of greatness and power ; we , who have mixed for the good of the state in all the conflicts of parliamentary contests , and encountered all the horrors of party , tell you , misguided as you are , that you are totally mistaken in your ideas of the pleasures of office . Trust to us when we assure you , that it is all vanity and vexation of spirit . The true happiness of the state itself depends upon your exclusion ; and yours will consist only in a dignified obscurity , in the mens sibi conscia recti , in a quiescent state of life , in liberty of person , and security of property , and this is as much as reasonable men can desire ; '' these however were the sun and air of the constitution , and to whom in this country dare you deny them ? But I ask , notwithstanding the philosophy of this kind of counsel , are these the only rights and privileges to be enjoyed by the British constitution ? —No ! for