their whole case : but again I ask , how is it made out ? I think I have shewn that history forbids their advocates to make an appeal to her testimony for the past : let us then consider future probabilities , and suppose the Catholics in this House tomorrow , their clergy being left on their present footing , —would not the arithmetical argument apply at least as strongly 928 against the payment of tithes to a Protestant establishment , as to any point for which it is now relied on ? nay , would it not apply even to the estates of the Church , quite as forcibly ? Or , do you think that Catholics would be less apt to apply it to these points , than their Protestant advocates to the rights of political representation ? Or , supposing the Catholic members in this House to be absolutely indifferent on this subject , is it in human nature to suppose , that their clergy will be of the same feeling ? And , if their clergy choose to act on it , I have already given my reasons for supposing that their still low voice , echoed and magnified in ascending through progressive ranks of their laity , would at length be uttered in thunder by the legitimate organs of their party . But , Sir , in truth I do not suppose that this would become their first object . Its secure attainment would become so infinitely easier by making it their second . For when it is so confidently asked , whether one hundred Irish Catholics added to the five hundred and fifty-eight Protestants of British members , could ever effect any such Catholic object , —I wonder it does not occur to gentlemen , that this argument has another bearing , and that it furnishes the very reason why the Catholics , when this right of representation is once acknowledged , must wish to get rid of the embarrassing restriction of such a fellowship.—A repeal of the Union would at once effect this object . Converting a barren right into a profitable enjoyment , it would give them , not a mere eligibility to office , rank , and power , but their certain , perhaps exclusive possession . This desire would hardly , indeed , be made the ostensible ground of the proceeding ; but , the first heavy taxes or commercial embarrassments would not fail to afford a decent signal on the subject ; and I feel the most thorough conviction , that this House would then be assailed by the cry of `` Repeal the Union , '' uttered with a strength and perseverance , of which nothing in the annals of petition can furnish an example . And though it is easy to say that England would never assent to the proposition , yet it is not easy to say , what a hundred determined members in this House , backed by the cries of millions , might not , at a critical moment , be able to effect ; and if , under these auspices , that measure should be effected , I know not which would hare most cause to rue that 929 day , the Protestants of Ireland , or the empire of Britain . I think , then , that any surmises as to the probabilities of the future furnish as little grounds of satisfaction , even as the certainty of the past . I will advert to the only remaining ground of inference on the subject ; and that is , the aspect of the present . And now , Sir , what are the grounds which this affords for the consolatory belief , that the Catholics are ready to lay aside every feeling of distinctness , and amalgamate with Protestants in a community of views and objects ? What , I would ask , are these signs of the times that convey this happy information ? Is it from their speeches , or their writings , or their actions , that we are to receive this satisfactory assurance ? Easy indeed would