hazard his own life , again maintain their interests , acquire fresh laurels for himself , achieve fresh victories for Ireland , but that on his return he might again be told , that a Catholic is unworthy to be admitted to the rights of her citizens , or to participate in the freedom of her metropolis ! Such conduct , my lords , can only excite our scorn . What follows is of a more serious nature . It affects the authority of the legislature , and the impartial administration of justice . We are told , that , on the same day , this Protestant corporation proceeded to elect their sheriffs ; those officers who , in the capital of Ireland , are to name the juries to serve on every trial between Protestant and Catholic , between the King and his subjects of all religions . And we learn that a test was required by this body from the candidates for such an office ; a test unknown to your laws , and inconsistent with the supremacy of parliament ; an engagement of perpetual adherence to the system of these exclusive laws , in defiance of the authority even of the legislature itself . I speak from the public papers . I request the ministers to contradict the statement , if it be groundless . This is necessary to vindicate , not so much the character of the corporation 686 of Dublin , as their own . Let them- , if they can , assure your lordships that they have not connived at this open insult to the legislature , that they have not permitted this outrage on the constitution of your judicatures to pass with impunity . Above all , let them satisfy you that this has not happened in the same city , where they have so lately prosecuted men , the first in rank , and character , and honour , for acts which , if they are illegal in Ireland , are illegal in England also ; but which are daily practised here under the eye of your government , and with the full cognizance of the legislature . My lords , this subject is inexhaustible , and my own anxiety upon it knows no bounds . But I am trespassing too long upon your patience . Yet to one point more I must advert ; it relates to the military disqualifications . Catholic officers are disabled from holding the same commissions in England , which they may lawfully hold in Ireland . Five years ago , the removal of this monstrous contradiction in your laws , and the extension of equal privileges to officers of every rank , was separately proposed to parliament . What followed ? You all remember the clamour that was excited , from what quarters it proceeded , and by whom it was encouraged . You remember the countenance given to it by prelates and statesmen , by persons whose station and whose functions , should , at least , have deterred them from the guilt of disseminating groundless alarms and grossly injurious calumnies . The people of England were then assured , that inevitable ruin must accrue both to their Church and to their state , if any Irish Catholic should ever exercise military command in any corner of this Protestant island . I say Irish Catholic , because the very authors of these alarms had themselves ( such is the consistency of faction , ) not three years before , authorized the crown , by law , to employ foreign Catholic officers in England , without any limitation of number , or any test of allegiance . What is now your situation ? Those who deprecated this danger have incurred it ; those who declaimed against any alteration of the law have altered it . Those who entreated you to take your stand on that untenable ground , have themselves abandoned it . The ink was scarcely dry with which their inflammatory advertisements were penned , the sound of their senseless and wicked clamours against Popery was still ringing in your ears , when they themselves