the evils of the clergy 's foreign education . On this head , for thirteen years , after admitting the Catholics to ail the rights of property , they did absolutely nothing . At last , in 1795 , they undertook the task . But it was the misfortune of that time , that the parliament was substantially disinclined to all the details of Catholic business . They were indeed heartily sick of it , not without cause ; and this part of the subject might have continued to be neglected , if it had not been forced upon their attention : until , urged by clamour from without , and influence from within , they at length did that to which , perhaps , in their souls they were averse , and founded the college of Maynooth . But this idea , so happily conceived , was fatally marred in its execution . It really appears as if the parliament had too lately repealed the law which prohibited the very existence of the Catholic clergy , ( and which had offered rewards , with considerate apportionment , 20l . for every priest , but 50l . for the discovery of a bishop , ) to endure the task of that detailed regulation , and communication with that clergy , which then became necessary , in order to ensure the full benefits of the institution , and which the novelty of its establishment was so peculiarly favourable for introducing . They gave money indeed , as was then thought , in abundance ; but it was with much of the policy , and perhaps with a little of the temper of the Egyptians to the Israelites , who , when smarting under the calamities which they were enduring for having oppressed them , suddenly changed their plan—gave them silver and raiment , and said , `` Now get ye up , and 918 go and serve your Gods , else we be all dead men . '' The first Act indeed of 1795 provided that certain of the judges and law officers , should , in conjunction with several respectable Roman Catholics , be both trustees and visitors of the college ; but even this was afterwards abandoned , and at the time of the Union , when it became the object of the government to conciliate the Catholics , a new act of parliament was passed , intituled , rather whimsically , `` An Act for the better government of the College of Maynooth ; '' which better government seems to have consisted in this , that the judges and law officers were omitted as trustees altogether , and even their visitorial power restrained from interfering in any matter of discipline or doctrine ; that is , as appears to me , in the principal matters for which their visitation was likely to be required . Sorry I am that the government should have wished to conciliate in such a manner , and still more sorry that the Catholics should have considered this abdication as a matter to solicit . It may be said , that the interference of a Protestant government in a Catholic college , must be a matter of great difficulty ; but I mast think , that this difficulty exists only in the abstract , and would have disappeared if carried into execution in the manner I shall presently allude to . The college of Maynooth has now subsisted for seventeen years , and I have never met with any person who could inform me of the course of studies actually pursued . Is this a matter of no consequence ? Did there ever exist even a Catholic government who thought this a matter not necessary to superintend ? A Return , indeed , was made a few years ago , to an Order of this House , of the books which form the basis of these studies : amongst which , I will candidly acknowledge , I was a little surprized to see the name of Locke . The Return , however , goes on to state , that after all , these books