the Prince Regent a private secretary , when they allowed three to a military commander . said , that he voted against the last appointment of colonel M'Mahon , because it was directly in the teeth of a resolution of the House . As to the present appointment , he had not heard any ground of opposition to it . The hon . gentleman on the other side had alluded to members who had lately changed their seats . If he had changed his seat , he certainly had not changed his mind ; for he would give the same conscientious vote now that he gave then . In this new era he did not doubt but many members would have been glad to have changed sides ; and he knew that even the hon . 361 gentleman himself had before altered his seat , though not perhaps his principle . The hon . gentleman would give him as well as himself the advantage of the classic maxim : 'Cælum , non animum mutant qui trans mare currunt . ' regarded the present as a most important question . The hon . member for Yorkshire had approved of the appointment on the ground that the Prince Regent was too weak and infirm an old gentleman to act without it , and thus , for once in his life , had made up his mind to a decided vote . He understood the hon . member also to bestow his approbation on the proceeding , because there had been a great addition to the business of the sovereign . Now where was the addition to be discovered ? Was it in the foreign office ? Had the present foreign minister more to communicate to his Royal Highness than his predecessor had to the King ? Was it in the home department ; Admitting this to have increased , was it not known that all the details were managed by the minister , leaving to the Prince nothing but the task of affixing his signature—a task from which no private secretary could relieve him . He hoped the hon . member for Yorkshire , on informing himself a little better on this part of the question , would see reason for changing his opinion . The only duty that could be named , certainly appeared to be that described by his hon . friend , of assorting and tying up papers in red tape , although the hon . gentleman , for the first time he believed in that House , had talked of the necessity of attending to the Prince 's private concerns . The private secretary truly was to assist the Regent in his private correspondence . Now really , he was not aware of any increase in the private friends of that illustrious person which made such an appointment necessary . And if there were , what necessity was there for making the private letter-writer a privy counsellor ? Colonel Taylor might or might not be private secretary to his Majesty , but he had no right to assume that he held such a situation . His appointment was not gazetted . He understood that his Majesty objected to his being a privy counsellor , not being willing to recognize the necessity of assistance in the discharge of his royal duties from any quarter whatever . Colonel Taylor , though not paid out of the privy purse , was paid out of the royal and special bounties ; his salary never met the public eye , and it 362 could never furnish a precedent for the appointment of colonel M'Mahon . By the dexterity of their former patriotism , the House had brought an additional burden on the country of 300l . a year . It was to be considered too , that the salary of this appointment was not the only one enjoyed by colonel M'Mahon . He had undoubtedly been a faithful servant , but was he not rewarded at least in a fair proportion to his services ? At that moment , as privy purse , he received 1,000l . a year . As auditor of