than at the town of Newton Barry in the county of Wexford . The Catholics enjoying no regular chapel , as a temporary expedient , hired two barns ; which being thrown into one , served for public worship . At this time , there was quartered opposite to the spot , an officer whose mind appears to have been deeply imbued with those prejudices which the Protestant Petitions now on the table , prove to have been fortunately eradicated from the more rational portion of the people ; and when the Catholics were assembled on the Sabbath as usual , in peace and goodwill towards men , for the worship of their God and yours , they found the chapel door closed , and were told that if they did not immediately retire , ( and they were told this by a Yeoman officer and a magistrate , ) the Riot Act should be read , and the assembly dispersed at the point of the bayonet ! This was complained of to the middle man of government , the Secretary at the Castle in 1806 , and the answer was , ( in lieu of redress , ) that he would cause a letter to be written to the colonel , to prevent , if possible , the recurrence of similar disturbances . Upon this fact no very great stress need be laid ; but it tends to prove that while the Catholic Church has not power to purchase land for its chapels to stand upon , the laws for its protection are of no avail . In the mean time , the Catholics are at the mercy of every `` pelting petty officer , '' who may choose to play his `` fantastic tricks before high heaven , '' to insult his God , and injure his fellow creatures . Every school-boy , any foot-boy , ( such have held commissions in our service ) any foot-boy who can exchange his shoulder-knot for an epaulet , may perform all this and more against the Catholic , by virtue of that very authority delegated to him by his sovereign , for the express purpose of defending his fellow subjects to the last drop of his blood , without discrimination or distinction between Catholic and Protestant . Have the Irish Catholics the full benefit of trial by jury ? They have not ; they 645 never can have until they are permitted to share the privilege of serving as sheriffs and under-sheriffs . Of this a striking example occurred at the last Enniskillen assizes.—A yeoman was arraigned for the murder of a Catholic named Macvournagh ; three respectable uncontradicted witnesses deposed that they saw the prisoner load , take aim , fire at , and kill the said Macvournagh . This was properly commented on by the judge ; but to the astonishment of the bar , and indignation of the court , the Protestant jury acquitted the accused . So glaring was the partiality , that Mr. Justice Osborne felt it his duty to bind over the acquitted , but not absolved assassin in large recognizances ; thus for a time taking away his licence to kill Catholics . Are the very laws passed in their favour observed ? They are rendered nugatory in trivial as in serious cases . By a late act . Catholic chaplains are permitted in jails , but in Fermanagh county the grand jury lately persisted in presenting a suspended clergyman for the office , thereby evading the statute , notwithstanding the most pressing remonstrances of a most respectable magistrate named Fletcher to the contrary . Such is law , such is justice , for the happy , free , contented Catholic ! It has been asked in another place , why do not the rich Catholics endow foundations for the education of the priesthood ? Why do you not permit them to do so ? Why are all such bequests subject to the interference , the vexatious , arbitrary , peculating interference of the Orange commissioners for charitable donations ? As to Maynooth college , in no instance except at the time of