only enabled to keep outstanding by the aid of the Bank circulation . said , that whatever relation subsisted between the bank of England and the government at present , had existed since the year 1797 ; it was , therefore , rather singular , to introduce it now as a matter of novelty . The immense profits made by the proprietors of Bank stock had been frequently descanted upon . But on a fair examination of facts , it would be found , that , in 1799 , they shared 7 per cent . interest and 10 per cent . bonus ; but that , when the renewal of their charter took place in 1800 , they commuted the bonus for a rise of 3 per cent interest , snaking in the whole 10 per cent which they still retained , being 7 per cent . less 1134 than the year preceding the renewal of their charter . He thought it unnecessary to go into an enquiry . It had been stated to their lordships , that Bank notes were intended to be made a legal tender ; he denied that such a proposition was intended ; it only went to give security against arrest , but did not apply to executions . If it was a measure to operate on any foreign warfare , he might , even in that instance , be of opinion that the Bill should be carried through the House , and that the country required it ; for the least opposition to the measure might cause what their lordships , perhaps , might ever after regret . was at a loss to know what there was in the charter of the bank of England to prevent them from paying their lawful debts . He agreed that the proposed Bill did not go the length of making Bank notes a legal tender ; but it had this effect—when a creditor sued a , debtor , he might make his tender in Bank notes , which would be allowed by the court , and the creditor would be liable to the cost '' of court . It ought to have been shewn by the noble lords , that the interest of the Bank and that of the public was the same ; instead of which , they had proved them to be diametrically opposite . He would agree , that the Bank had a right to discount Exchequer bills ; but the question was , whether the Bank had a right to go to such an extent as to cause a depreciation of bullion by issuing notes to their own advantage , without any new pledge to the public ? They had been told of the watch government had over it : but instead of a guard , he would only call it a connivance , to answer their own purpose . Looking to Ireland , he thought it was in great danger , for the Bill would do away with all agreements which were made before this measure was contemplated . The noble lord on the woolsack was not ignorant , that , in Cumberland , the rent was paid in tithes , and wheat was , at this time , ten times the price it had been when the leases were granted . In Ireland , the landlord agreed for gold , and had a right to have his contract fulfilled ; and were they to be frustrated by the Bank being subservient to the administration ? It had been stated by the noble viscount , that in the year 1799 , the Bank was richer than at any other period , on account of the proprietors having received a greater bonus . But he would ask his Majesty 's ministers whether they would be willing to take the income 1135 tax of the Bank on the return they made that year ? He was confident they would not ; for the noble lord on the woolsack , instead of accepting of it for the minors to whom he was guardian , as lord chancellor , vested in the 3 per cents .