character of infamy . The are privations of civil rights enjoyed by other subjects : obstacles to advancement in every honourable profession , and their natural tendency is to depress those on whom they operate below the rank which their talents and characters would , otherwise , entitle them to enjoy . I ask , Sir , is this not an evil , and a most serious one ? And if inflicted by the will of others , on account merely of differing in religious opinions from themselves , is it not a punishment for professing those opinions ? Now , Sir , it is well known that the law does not consider non-conformity a crime . It has been expressly so laid down by my 949 lord Mansfield , in his memorable Argument on the Sheriffs ' Case in the House of Lords ; and I ask then , is it not absurd and unjust in the extreme to inflict punishment where no crime is even alleged ? Is it possible for men so treated to banish from their minds the sense of oppression ? But to be gravely told by persons under none of those inconveniencies , and enjoying all their own civil rights in their fullest extent , that these exclusions and this stigma are not punishments in reality because they are not so called in law , I can not but consider as adding a bitter insult to a most severe injury . And , Sir , with this feeling in myself , I am naturally led to suppose that the Catholics are equally alive to the injustice . As to the immediate question , I think that the true and even the safest line of argument is to take it up on the high ground of right , nor am I afraid at any time so to defend it ; but I will for the present decline that course , both because in this debate it has been argued on political expediency alone , and because I fear that even should I be successful in convincing the understandings of gentlemen on the abstract right , I should fail of gaining their votes . It seems to me that the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) has staled a good logical argument . It is true , that in theory , some danger might be apprehended from a foreign spiritual head , acting through the medium of priests attached exclusively to its interests , on a population possessed of a large share of political power . And it may be said , that the duty and obligation of obedience to this spiritual chief is indissoluble , and in many cases , paramount to all others.—But surely the reply is obvious and easy ; such dangers are all comparative ; they were compounded of the force acting , and the subject or material on which it operated : and therefore , though the Papal connection should continue to exist after the concession of every civil and political right , it does not at all follow that the danger would by those concessions be increased : because , if by such just and liberal treatment , discontents were allayed , and men 's affections gained , the whole mass would be less susceptible of any undue influence ; and though possessed of greater power , would be far less the just object of suspicion or alarm . But though , for these reasons , I am extremely desirous of going into the committee , I will not disguise my opinion , nor advise those to enter on the enquiry 950 who are determined to grant no more than merely the removal of the remaining disabilities . I , for one , am convinced that the Catholics had a strict right to much more , and never can be , perhaps never ought to be satisfied till they obtain it : If , when our eyes are opened to the perception of what is just , we are afraid of acting up to our convictions , it would be better not to permit the light to enter