these claims , the inconvenience would be infinitely greater than the danger of refusing them at once . When I speak of the opinions of the Roman Catholics , as they maintain them at present , I do not shut out the hope that some serious and essential changes may take place . If they do the question may come , under new circumstances , before parliament . Then will be the proper time to entertain the consideration of the question . But until we have these changes , or until we have sufficient security against that foreign power of which I have spoken , I do consider it to be utterly inconsistent with the principles of our constitution to admit the Catholics without them . My noble friend concluded his speech with a reference to the constitution as established at the Revolution ; but I will not go into the consideration of that question . 'My noble friend seems , however , very much to under-value the security 640 which the intimate connection between the Protestant establishment and the government gives to the constitution . My own view of that point of history called the Revolution of 1688 is this—that the Church establishment of the country , as it now exists , has always been an object of affection to the government , and that the Revolution was as much founded upon the principle that the state should be Protestant as that the monarchy should be limited . The object sought by that great event was the maintenance of our religious , civil and political liberties together . I maintain that civil power and religious liberty were united in that great event . They were both considered as essential to the liberties of the country and the establishment of the Protestant religion . In viewing this question , let me intreat noble lords to consider upon what principle you can justify the limitation of the crown to a Protestant succession , if this question , as of right , can be admitted ? You have done away all restrictions upon the Catholics short of political power , and now it is desired to surrender that . If this is a question of expediency I can understand it ; because expediency says you may go to a certain length . But if it is argued as a question of right , I maintain , as the result of my opinion , that you have no alternative , and you can do nothing else . That they will not stop at the point that we may think expedient is pretty evident—the prayer of this Petition is for every thing . You are not desired to consider their case with a view to give them any particular privilege , or a part of what they ask ; but you are called upon not only to give every thing , but to consider their demand upon the ground of right . My lords , then , if it is an essential principle of your Protestant constitution , that your king is to be a Protestant , I ask upon what principle of justice it is you can exclude the Catholics from having a Catholic prince in possession of the crown ? If you surrender what they now claim , then I would ask you , would you put a Roman Catholic family on the throne under these notorious circumstances that I have stated ? and if you would not , how could you exclude the Roman Catholics , if it be their right , from the benefit of having a Catholic monarch ? I do therefore maintain , that the very essence and principle of the Revolution was that you should have a limited monarchy ; and that the state should be Protestant : to extend toleration and religious 641 freedom to the farthest point they could go that no principle of exclusion ought to be found , unless you are thoroughly convinced that the dangers arising from exclusion are greater than those from concession . I am thoroughly satisfied that in the present state of things , no benefit can arise from