the distresses under which the inhabitants laboured . The absence of the American trade , which constituted one of the chief props of the town , had occasioned this decay , which was felt in Chester and Manchester ; also , in the falling off of the exports of salt and goods of various descriptions . To shew the vast decrease in the trade , he had a document from the customs which stated the exports for the last two years for that town . In the year preceding the last , the amount was 2,676,000l . In the last year 1,770,000l . being a deficiency of about 900,000l . between the two years ending the 5th Jan last In addition to the distress occasioned by the absence of trade , there were distresses of another kind connected with the collection , of the taxes . I He understood that an attorney of that I town , perhaps not the most eminent in his I profession , finding business not coming in , I had made application to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and got converted into an 113 inspector of the district . In this new character he suggested to his right hon . friend , as his fellow townsmen would not employ him , that the revenue would be greatly improved by surcharging them on their assessments generally . The consequence of these surcharges was a general manifestation of discontent throughout the town , and an alarm among the collectors of taxes . The surveyor of the district finding he could not discharge the trust reposed in him faithfully under the new inspector , resigned his office , and others were about to follow , or had followed his example . This attorney perhaps had received his appointment in consequence of having been a client of the right hon . gentleman , at a period of his life when he followed the profession of the law , and therefore gratitude might have led to the appointment . At any rate , it was not to be endured that men should be induced by such appointments to become informers against their neighbours and fellow-townsmen . had no doubt , that Liverpool felt considerable distress in common with other commercial towns throughout the kingdom . But the statements of the hon . gentleman appeared to him extremely loose , founded mostly upon hearsay , and greatly exaggerated ; for he had understood from unquestionable authority , that the persons reported to be receiving charity , were not receiving parochial aid , but merely that kind of assistance furnished by what was called a soup committee . He was also enabled to state , that three or four years ago , between 7 and 8,000 persons more than the number already mentioned , had received similar assistance . As to the number of ships for sale , he had been informed from good authority , that the whole number of ships lying unemployed in the harbour of Liverpool , did not exceed 24 , and of these , some were just returned from their voyages , and others were under repair . Neither was the Salt trade entirely gone , as the hon . gentleman had asserted ; and upon the whole the decay of commerce in Liverpool was less considerable than might be expected , considering that it was the great mart for the American trade . said , that having received a representation from a number of his constituents , on the subject of the statement some time ago made by his hon . friend ( Mr. Creevey ) , he had read it to the house , on a former night , though in his 114 hon . friends absence , and he would refer to it again if it was the wish of the House , ( a cry of read ! read ! ) The hon . general then read this Report , which we understood to come from the corporation of Liverpool ; the substance of which was to the following effect : That from the extensive docks constructing at Liverpool , a number