official correspondence had taken place within the period alluded to , yet there had been communications and discussions on the subject . Some delay had occurred in consequence of its being thought desirable to wait for the Report of the Committee on the Finances of the East India Company . With respect to what had been said by the noble lord of the concessions which had been made by his right hon . friend , he thought they Were answered by those very proceedings on the report on which he had founded his statement , as it had there been stated , that all was conceded on the part of the company , while nothing was secured in return . The papers for which the hon . general intended to move , were papers to the production of which he did not know that any objection would be made , but he thought the motion at present might be premature . The Petition was then presented and read ; containing the like allegations as the last preceding Petition ; and praying , `` That leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for continuing the possession , government , and management of the territorial acquisitions in the East Indies in the Petitioners , subject to regulation , and 232 for altering the appropriations of the profits arising from the Indian revenues , and for enabling the Petitioners to raise such sums of money , or to contract such pecuniary obligations , as their affairs may require , in respect of the payment in this country of debts originally contracted in India , and for settling the trade to the East Indies and China , and other places , from the cape of Bona Esperanza to the streights of Magellan , or that the Petitioners may have such other relief as their case may require . '' begged to ask , what course it was intended to follow on this occasion . said , that the Petition would be referred to a Committee of the whole House , and that certain Resolutions would be proposed to the Committee . moved for Copies of all Correspondence which had taken place between the Board of Controul and the Directors of the East India Company , respecting their present charter . had no objection to the production of the papers . The Papers were ordered accordingly , and will be found in the APPENDIX to this Volume . , after adverting to the scarcity of grain and other provisions which existed in many districts of Ireland , and to the necessity of preventing the distillation from grain in that country , moved for a general return of all the grain , malt , meal , and flour exported from Ireland , from the beginning of the present year to the latest period at which the same could be made out . did not rise to oppose the motion , but to state that he had not altered the opinion be had already expressed on this subject . He was convinced that there was no real scarcity of provisions throughout Ireland . The apparent deficiency was merely local , and arose from exports ; but , at the same time , he allowed that it was the duty of government to allay the fears , however unfounded , which the people of Ireland entertained . With this view he intended to move , tomorrow , for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the exportation abroad of Irish made spirits ; and be also intended to move in the Committee of Ways and Means , for an additional duty on those spirits imported to any part of the empire . 233 The right hon . gentleman then went over the comparative price of potatoes , and other articles of first necessity , in various counties from the 14th of January to the 8th of March , and concluded with asserting , that the advance in price had been but trifling . was of opinion , that it would be expedient to take into consideration the policy of putting a temporary stop