was familiar to them all , of a separation between the high parties in question , but he knew nothing of this parliamentarily , and could only express his opinion , that the sum at present allotted to the Princess of Wales was , considering her situation , insufficient . She was the wife of the Regent , and as much the representative of the Queen as the Regent was the representative of his Majesty . The sum set apart for her was not enough to enable her to support the splendour of the character in the way to which the nation were entitled . But there was no splendour—there were no drawing rooms—or any expence of this kind now attached to the royal functions , and yet they were called upon , and had augmented the revenues applicable to that purpose . Of the separation to which he had alluded , every one spoke but the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who knew more about it than they did—he knew a great deal about it , he had acted as her Royal Highnesss counsel in the investigation which had been so much talked of , and if he so thought fit , might afford them information on the subject . It would be better to do this in an open manner , than to suffer his old client to be pared off with so scanty a subsistence—it would be better than to suffer these reports about his favourite Princess to be whispered about.—The right hon . gentleman was once her Royal Highnesss loudest champion , and yet he now consented to allow the Prince Regents wife to be passed over in this way , at a time when he was proposing provisions so ample to all the other female branches of the royal family . observed , that the present question included so much of a personal nature , that a member , standing forward on the occasion , was liable to be exposed to considerable obloquy , He had , in defiance of this risk , originally opposed the increased grant to the Princes , and now felt it to be his duty to follow the same course with respect to the Princesses . He could see no sort of occasion , at a period when the burthens of the people were so great , and the pressure of the time was so heavily felt by all—he could see no occasion for imposing this new load upon them ; so far from it , in his opinion , it ought to be the last thing the House should 132 do . Since the charges , amounting to 135,000l . had been taken off the civil list , and that list had been very considerably added to , he could not but think it more eligible to bear this burthen , than that it should be laid on the people . The 30,000l . in the act of the 18th of his Majesty did not seem necessary , so long as the Princesses had their parents house to reside in ; and it was in this view that its provisions were made—but now 36,000l . was proposed , with that conveniency still existing and likely to be taken advantage of . To a new grant , on this ground , he could see no good cause . There were different ways of acquiring popularity ; and while some men might make themselves obnoxious , by pursuing the line of conduct he was now adopting , others might , by a contrary course , be making themselves acceptable to the higher powers . Few men in the habit of intercourse with those in a superior station , were able to resist the inclination of recommending themselves by consulting the wishes of their superiors ; but how could this be reconciled with a sense of public duty ? As for the splendour of royalty , he did not believe that the people of this country attached so much weight to that circumstance as the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Tierney ) seemed to imagine . They