interests of Ireland , and endangering the existence of the empire . To these representations are now joined the Petitions of Englishmen , the exhortations of the best and wisest among yourselves , and the recollection of those councils of which the authors unhappily 664 are no longer present with us . Those men whose memory we cherish , those whose wisdom and virtues we have witnessed and lamented , they warn you , even from the tomb , to abolish the partial privileges , to do away these degrading exclusions . They tell you , in that glowing eloquence which still lives in our remembrance , that such distinctions are alike repugnant to the genius of your own constitution , and dangerous to the safety of every government ; condemned by the first principles of justice ; and proved by all experience to be the most fruitful source of those dissentions by which the greatest empires have finally been subverted . I ask not what in this case will be your ultimate decision . It is easily anticipated . We know , and it has been amply shewn in former instances , the cases both of America and of Ireland , have but too well proved it , how precipitately necessity extorts what power has pertinaciously refused . We shall finally yield to these Petitions . No man doubts it . Let us not delay the concession , until it can neither be graced by spontaneous kindness , nor limited by deliberative wisdom . To accelerate that moment , would be the greatest service which your ministers could render to their country . What , on the contrary , is now their answer to such a body of petitioners ; so numerous , so respectable , so strong in justice , so powerful in reason `` We will not lend ourselves '' they say , `` to the consideration of your request . We will not enquire into the circumstances of your case . We will not examine whether the grievances which you feel are real , whether the dangers which we apprehend , can be obviated by legislative wisdom . Once again , the people of Ireland must retire from this bar , unredressed , unheard , and unheeded . '' Is it possible that such infatuation can still actuate our councils ? In the moment of unimpaired prosperity , in the pride and madness of unresisted power , a more cold and contemptuous indifference was never shewn by any government to the complaints of the most inconsiderable of its subjects . But you in this hour of calamity and peril , but you , whose whole hope of safety now rests upon the defence of Ireland ; you , who if that country falls by your impolicy , must share her ruin , must perhaps partake in her subjection , will you now harden yourselves against the prayers of her whole population ? Are 665 you in a situation to prolong the divisions of her people ; to detach , perhaps irrecoverably to alienate her affections from Great Britain , and to aggravate by her destruction , all the calamities which are rapidly accumulating on yourselves ? If , on the contrary , the character of these Petitioners would at any time entitle them to your respect , and if your present circumstances be such that you can safely disregard no just representation from any part of your community , let me then ask what is the nature of this request which you refuse to entertain ? What is this prayer which you tell us can not even be considered without danger to the British monarchy ? This it is , that as we profess to live under equal laws , we may conform the practice of our constitution to this its greatest boast , that those who share its burthens may partake in its advantages . That those whose loyalty you have recognized , and by whose service you daily profit , may receive its due reward in the removal of injurious and degrading disqualifications . They ask not the grant of power or emolument ,