more than ordinary , and a more than natural sway over their minds . Yet the fact shews , that no dangers have arisen from such propensities even under the present system of separation : and to apprehend any after that system shall have expired , and leaving to religious distinctions only their natural force , shall have restored to all other motives their due preponderance , would be a ridiculous , if it were not also a very melancholy delusion . I am confident it is to the full as absurd an alarm , as it would be for ray hon . friend , the member for Yorkshire , ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) who is one of the most distinguished ornaments of the episcopalian establishment , to be apprehensive of losing the support of those numerous and respectable sectarian voters , to whom his private worth as well as his public life , have rendered him dear ; and by whose united , though various voice , he , a zealous member of the Anglican Church , has so often been placed in the enviable station of representing that vast county . The fears of the learned judge , he has likewise said , are all directed towards the Catholics . From no other sect , either within or without the bosom of the Church does he see any cause of alarm : all but Romanists may be safely trusted . Is it , I demand . Sir , from experience that such distinctions are deduced ? Has the Church History , have the most noted pages of the History of the State in England , taught the learned judge this lesson ? Is hostility to the Establishment confined to the Catholics ? Are they alone , of all sects , to be charged with the design of overturning it , because they are the only sect who bind themselves by multiplied solemnities to compass nothing against it ? But have they in fact ever put it in jeopardy ? Have they ever shook its foundations ? Have they ever torn it in pieces with internal schisms ? Have they ever , I ask , overthrown it , and with it overwhelmed the state itself ? Yet history tells us that these things have been done by other sects . And I fancy it would not be speaking very wide of the fact to say that in such doings , almost every other leading religious sect had a hand except the Catholics alone . Nay , it is thought by some , that in the present day there be perils more near the bosom of the Establishment than any which can be even pretended to menace 899 her from the Romish faith . I have heard of Methodists , and of parties springing up within the pale of the Church , whose proceedings excited her livelier fears for her safety than any which the great necessities of the present argument have conjured up . To all those quarters the learned judge shuts his eyes . Do I then feel apprehensions from them ? Am I telling you the Church is in danger from the Protestant sects either without her circle or in it ? No such thing . I can see no risk to her while the laws protect and endow her ; and while those laws are observed , I can feel no alarm from Dissenters , or Methodists , or any other class of the religious world . From universal toleration , and even liberal kindness to all sects , I can conceive no possible danger to ensue . But from an opposite line of conduct , from singling out one sect and running it down , from confining your intolerance to a single sect , and that a far more numerous and more powerful one than all the rest together , or from capriciously granting it certain immunities , and unreasonably withholding others , I confess I can see probable dangers ; and from no one mode of treatment do I conceive such dangers more likely to result than from the strange perversion of fact