its sweeping operation , that he did not conceive it necessary for him to abstain any longer from delivering his opinion . He was sorry to hear that it was conceived by some gentlemen , that be had not acted fairly by the Bill in letting it go through the committee without observation , and delaying until the present stage of it to make any observations upon it . His opinion on the principle of the Bill was , however , well known , as he had never concealed it . As the House appeared to be in some measure pledged to the principle of the Bill , he wished at least , that the hon . gentleman 1170 should carry it through the committee , in order to present it to the House in the most perfect shape that he could bring it to . Now that it had come from the committee , he felt himself bound to state his objections to it , both in the details and in the principle . In considering the details of it , he could not avoid coinciding with his learned friend ( the Lord Advocate of Scotland ) , in considering that the Bill proposed a most inconvenient union of different offices which should rather check each other , as the keeper of the great seal in Scotland , and the office of chief-justice general . He conceived that the idea of retaining many offices , and abolishing their salaries , was rather an extraordinary idea . In the same way the Bill had proposed to incorporate the office of auditor-general with that of president of the council , and saving the salary of the former place . Now he could not conceive upon what principle of justice the president of the council could be called on , without any additional remuneration , to take upon himself the responsibility of auditor of the exchequer also . The hon . gentleman said , that the latter office might be discharged , as it had hitherto been discharged , by deputy . Now it appeared to him contrary to every principle of justice , and most absurd to make any man responsible for the conduct of a deputy not of his own appointing . The Bill provided , that the office of clerk of the pells should be united to that of keeper of the privy seal ; and yet on a very recent occasion , where money was to be raised , it had appeared , that the deputy clerk of the pells was a check upon the privy seal . After the Bill had stated what offices were to be abolished in Ireland , there was the remarkable proviso , `` provided always that , no offices shall from henceforward be granted in reversion . '' Now if all the sinecures were to be abolished , it was evident that nothing would be left of which reversion could be given , as it was most evident that efficient offices could not be so granted . The clerk of the first fruits and the custos brevium were offices in which a fee-simple had been granted , and therefore it was quite useless to talk of making any alteration in them , while it was professed that all vested interests must be protected . As to the law offices now in the disposal of the chief justices , he conceived , that with the present chief justices these were vested interests which could not be taken away from them ; and 1171 that the labours of the offices , particularly that of chief justice of the King 's Bench , were extremely ill paid , if it were not that the disposal off those offices , in addition to their other emoluments , made something of a reasonable compensation to them . If the disposal of those offices were taken away from the chief judges , a very considerable addition to their salaries ought to be made.—As to the principle of the Bill , his opinion was still that it was perfectly wrong and mistaken . It went to say , that