Give the Catholics the same interest in the state as their countrymen have , and they will be as eager to defend it ; for it is not bigotry which you impute to them , but madness , and contradiction to human nature , if you suppose that admission to the constitution will not endear it to them , and exclusion make it comparatively indifferent . It is therefore justly said , that concession is the best security ; and I am confident that if no other were enacted , the safety of the empire would be infinitely greater than it now is ; but I am also confident , that whenever you enter 840 bonâ fide into an arrangement upon this subject , you will have little difficulty in forming such other securities as are generally desired . The learned doctor deprecates , with eager alarm , the mischiefs of innovation ; happy would it have been for the Catholics , if this terror had operated a century sooner on the mind of the legislature ; if this argument had prevailed when , in the reign of king William , they were first excluded from the Irish parliament ; when , in the reign of queen Anne , they were deprived of access to honours and offices by the extension of the English Test Act to Ireland . For those innovations on the constitution there was an apology , the justice of which it is now unnecessary to argue ; that apology consisted in the attachment of the Catholics to their dethroned sovereign ; to him whom , as far as his religion constituted a part of his offence , they could not consider an offender . Undoubtedly the motives by which the great men who conducted that revolution were actuated , were of a higher and different sort from those by which the populace was stimulated . The mischief which they fought against , was , not the Catholic religion in itself , but the despotic principles which were attempted to be established by the Stuarus , through the assistance of the French court , and the pretence and medium of that religion . But if there had existed then this indefinite and unmeaning terror of innovation , the Catholics would never have been deprived of those rights , the restoration of which , the danger of jacobitism being annihilated , they anxiously , and , in my opinion , most reasonably desire . So much . Sir , has been already said upon this subject , that I will now only make a few observations on the petition which has been presented to us in the name of the chancellor , masters , and scholars of the University of Oxford . I have the honour of being a member of that learned body , and am attached to it by the recollection of some years spent there not long since , agreeably at least , if not so usefully as they might have been . Anxious therefore for its honour , I feel much satisfaction in reflecting , that I am one of a great majority of its members , who , although included in the form of the petition , are unconsulted and unassenting parties to it . The members of that University exceed 1,000 in number , of whom little more than 100 actually supported or consented to it ; and a very respectable 841 portion of the resident members , including the vice-chancellor , the two proctors , and several heads of houses , and others of the most learned and estimable men in the University decidedly opposed it . I can not however abstain from expressing my deep regret , that in a place dedicated to the study of the liberal arts , feelings and views of policy so little liberal should appear to prevail . And I am sure that those resident members who promoted this petition , would well consult for their own character , and for the reputation of that great seat of national education , if , before they again assemble a hasty and partial convocation for such a