of the persecuting code , irritates every generous feeling , rouses each evil pasion , insulates the degraded sect , and points its animosities against the favoured order , whom it opposes at once to be hated and overthrown . The learned judge has many fears , it seems , from the spiritual ascendancy of the Roman priesthood , including the head of that hierarchy ; and he has worked himself up to a persuasion , that were the penalties 904 repealed , we should see that over-bearing influence of the Papacy revived , which distinguished and disgraced former ages . But to make good his assertions , he must not only shew the existence of grounds of apprehension from that quarter ; he must execute a still more difficult task ; he must prove that the continuance of the penalties removes those grounds ; he must prove that the persecution which degrades and separates the Catholics , which throws them into the arms of their priests by opposing and irritating them ; secures the establishment from the power of those priests working through those flocks . I need not refer to the securities offered by the tests which you have imposed ; the oaths which all the Catholics willingly , cheerfully take ; and the declaration which they heartily subscribe , that `` there is no article of their faith which binds them to believe that the Pope possesses any temporal power , superiority , or ascendancy , directly or indirectly , that can , in any way , affect their allegiance to the state . '' But what further security doe '' the learned judge offer us ? He is for perpetuating a system of tests and disqualifications , which exasperates as much as it oppresses , but does not at all weaken or disarm , and which must dispose all who have taken these oaths to break them . An intimate union , he says , will still subsist between the Pope and the priesthood , and between the priests and the Irish peasantry . Is there less of this union , this chain of influence and spiritual ascendancy at the present moment ? The learned judge constantly forgets that in order to scare us from emancipating the Catholics , by such stories of danger from their hierarchy , he must both shew us the ground for such fears , and prove that by leaving matters as they now stand , the danger , whatever it may be , will vanish . The learned judge , after enlarging so amply on the merits of the question , was pleased to express his no small indignation at the constant renewal of the discussion in this House ; and he called upon us on this side to give peace to the empire , by suffering the subject to lie at rest for an indefinite period of time . This is his recipe for conciliation , by which he seriously hopes , it seems , to lull all sects into tranquillity . I fear , however . Sir , that there is another party to be consulted before this notable compromise can be effected . What would he think , for instance , of first having the consent of the 905 Catholics themselves , the petitioners now before the House , and whose application to us brings forward the present discussion ? Does he not suppose that their assent is to the full as essential as that of any set of men in this House ? Why , Sir , no party , not parliament itself can set this great question at rest in any way but one , and that is granting the object so justly and rightfully , yet so respectfully demanded . We may remain silent , but will the Catholics be satisfied with our neglect , and keep quiet in imitation of us ? You may send them from your bar not merely unredressed , but unheard ; —you may fling their Petitions over your table ; —you may reject every proposition that is made by their friends , as well as everyprayer urged by themselves