perform mere clerical avocations . The place , however , was of much greater consequence : colonel M'Mahon was a privy counsellor , whose bounden duty it was to advise the crown , and for such advice he was responsible , and might be called to an account . He admitted that the nomination of colonel Taylor was , in the first instance , improper , but the House was governed by a feeling of delicacy for the infirmity of a sovereign , which arose from his unceasing attention to his public duties . ( Hear , from the Treasury benches . ) —That cheer , 343 however , proceeding from the quarter which it did , should be a lesson to the House ; because it showed how that which was originally justified only by necessity , and sheltered by delicacy , was likely to grow into a habit at once dangerous and unconstitutional.—His noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) , seemed to state , that the private secretary was not a sworn adviser of the crown : but he maintained that he was , and he became so legally and constitutionally , and in the eyes of the law responsible for the contents of every paper laid before the Prince Regent , and he should know that it was so—he was liable , for what he knew , to an impeachment.—He knew it might be stated , that there were situations under the different officers of state which were not gazetted , but these were under responsible persons . The secretary for Ireland was answerable to the lord lieutenant , and the lord lieutenant was accountable to the country . But here was a new secretary—a new official channel of command of the executive government of the country . The meaning of the word `` secretary , '' was a person who managed and wrote for another , and , under this definition , the private secretary of the Prince was the organ of the royal pleasure . The office was then either a public official one or not—if it were the former , let the person who held it be appointed a secretary of state ; if the latter , let him not be a privy counsellor , nor have a salary of 2,000l . a-year . Under the present circumstances , it was an appointment in his view of the subject unconstitutional , unnecessary , and therefore inexpedient . observed , that the question could be considered only in two points of view , either as the office brought under their consideration was illegal , or as it was inexpedient . Before , however , he proceeded to offer his opinions to the House upon those two divisions of the question , he should advert to what had fallen from the hon . gentleman who spoke last . He had advanced , if not in precise language , at least in well understood insinuation , a doctrine altogether extraordinary , and , he would say , unconstitutional . If he understood his meaning at all , he believed him to assert , that it was a great and eminent virtue in a monarch to be influenced in the choice of his public officers , by the remembrance of past attachments , that the feelings which that remembrance might be supposed to excite , 344 could not err when they led to the appointment of men who were their object , to high and public stations . This was what he understood to be implied in the hon . gentleman 's eulogy upon the fidelity of friends to former attachments , and he was borne out in his opinion , he apprehended , by the cheers with which the expression of the sentiment was received on the other side of the House . But , was it possible that any person could stand up in that House and say that private attachment ought to be the criterion by which a king should estimate the qualifications of his ministers , and not from considerations of the public interests of the state ? —Was that the meaning of the