most anxious to correct the mis-statement of the noble lord , and set the opinion of the House right upon the point . He has told the House it was settled at the time of the Union that nothing further was ever to be granted to the Catholics but upon certain conditions , to be complied with on their parts , and that his vote on this subject has always been guided by this consideration . And yet the noble lord , with all his friendship for the Catholics , will not vouchsafe to communicate to the House any one of the conditions upon which he would agree to concede their claims . The noble lord says , the people of England are not prepared to make up their minds to those concessions . I ask , then , were they prepared twelve years ago ; when those concessions were proposed as the very ground and condition of conciliating ; the support of the Catholics to carry the Union ? The noble lord says , the general sense of the Protestants of Ireland is not favourable to the measure . Does the noble lord think , then , that they were more favourable to is at the Union , when he proposed 1012 it to the Catholics as part of the compact on which he was to carry that measure ; or will he assert that there ever was any period at which the Protestants of Ireland were so favourable to it as they are at this moment . Sir , I promised the House that I should not trespass long on their attention , and I will keep ray promise . . Sir , I deny that what I said , was , that those who made the communication in Ireland acted unconstitutionally ; I said , they might have acted hastily and indiscreetly , and without any authority ; not that they actually had done so . But I do hold , that it is unconstitutional to make allusions to the conduct or opinions of his royal highness the Prince of Wales , previous to his accession to the sovereign power of this country , with a view to call in question any conduct he might think fit to adopt , after his virtual accession to the throne . I stand by this principle , and I shall abide by it ; and now I trust the right hon . gentleman will feel the necessity of some explanation on the manner in which he has been pleased to use the word 'false . ' The noble lord seems to me , with great submission , to have altered very much in his explanation what he said at first.— ( A cry of No , no . ) then said , that the words of the right hon . gentleman certainly called for explanation . I use the word false in its parliamentary sense , not offensively as to the noble lord 's personal veracity . But however I will now repeat what I said before , that the assertion of rash indiscretion , and improper conduct in those who made the communication to the Catholics , is untrue , come it from what quarter it may . I am satisfied with the explanation of the right hon . gentleman , that the words he used were not personally applied to me , otherwise than in a parliamentary way . Mr. Speaker ; after the interruption that has been given to the course of this debate , and still more after the extraordinary misrepresentations which we have heard of the nature of the motion before us , I feel it necessary to recall the attention of the House to the real terms of the question in your hand ; and with that view , Sir , I beg that you will be so 1013 good as to take the trouble of reading it to the House . ( Here the question was read . ) I did flatter myself , Sir , that I had retained a pretty accurate impression on my mind of the proposition originally moved by