time enough to answer such questions as these , when the matter should be decided in the courts of law . said , he understood the noble lord 's opinion to be , that it was most expedient to let the business lie over until the disputed point was decided . It was a matter of great interest to a very large body of persons , and , therefore , it was highly important that they should be apprised of the decision as soon as possible . He should be glad to know , supposing the recent construction of the act was upheld , whether , in that case , government con- 151 templated any measure of relief for those who would be affected by it ? observed , that he had a strong aversion to these temporary measures on so important a subject . He should not oppose the second reading of the Bill , in the hopes ( hat their lordships would agree to an extension of its principle , and continue the prohibition of granting offices in reversion for 20 years . He was thoroughly convinced that these grants ought to be completely abolished . It was , in his opinion a measure of the greatest consequence , though he knew that it had been described by some as one of very trifling importance , and by persons , too , who might have had the best reason to be satisfied of its great importance . It was sufficient , however , for his argument , that the public thought it a measure of the last importance ; and , in his opinion , unless these grants were abolished , the constitution itself would be endangered . He had , on a former occasion , brought this question before their lordships , and he was not yet discouraged . On whatever side of the House he might find himself , he should still persevere till the object was accomplished . He was satisfied , that unless the practice of granting offices in this way was abolished , the people would feel a perpetual distrust of the executive government . There was hardly any individual , he should suppose , but wished the abolition of the practice , except such as expected to profit by its continuance . Their lordships had before recognized the principle of the measure of abolition . But it had been argued , that no material saving was to be expected from the adoption of the measure . It had not been advocated merely on the ground of the immediate saving it would produce ; but supposing it had , he contended , that the argument was far from being unfounded he was convinced that the measure was highly important , even with a view to immediate economy . If the abolition of the practice had taken place at the beginning of the present reign , several places which now existed would have been altogether abolished , and there would have been a saving to the state of many millions . A strong objection to these reversions also was , the clandestine manner in which they were given . The appointment of 152 Mr. Buller to be Clerk to the Privy Council had lately been noticed in another place ; and the statement in reply was , that this place had been long ago given to Mr. Buller in reversion , even while he was an infant . This was what hardly any body had been aware of , and was a proof of the secret way in which these transactions were carried on . Mr. Buller might be a proper person for the office : he knew nothing about that , either one way or the other ; but if he was , the public was so far fortunate , and more fortunate than it deserved to be , since it had permitted this practice to continue so long . He maintained that its abolition would be most important , as recognizing the principle of economy , besides the actual saving which it would produce . The noble earl then adverted to the