had alike provided for the contrary . If Philip could have looked into futurity , what more could his fondest hopes have anticipated ? —Except that the priest should find in the peasant an ignorant and a devoted pupil ? And here again the penal code , the faithful seconder of his desires , provided most singularly fur their accomplishment ; for , while it se-cured the ignorance of the peasant , it secured no less the authority of the priest , presenting him as the sole instructor of a people anxious to learn , arraying him with every character of courage and disinterestedness , ( which , indeed , it secured as the first requisites of his mission , ) and exhibiting him thus qualified to a people peculiarly disposed to value those recommendations . And the consequences of this whole system have been such as might be expected—extraordinary devotion of the clergy to the Pope—extraordinary devotion of the people to the clergy : —to such an extent , indeed , that , I have no hesitation in saying , that in no country have any clergy ever had such unbounded power of disposing of the hearts and wills of their flocks , as have had , and still have , the Roman Catholic priests of Ireland . But such a system as I have described could not go on for ever . The parliament of Ireland determined on a change : —but to heal such wounds as those of Ireland , was a work of difficulty and delicacy , and we may therefore perhaps excuse them for their unqualified and total failure . Untaught by experience , they overlooked the true causes of the evils which they lamented . They knew the upper ranks of the Catholics to be liberal and loyal , but they knew the great mass of the population , buried in ignorance and misery , to entertain no very great predilections 915 for the Saxon religion , or the Saxon name , nor even much of any very filial affection for that personage whom they acknowledged as the king of the Saxons . Yet this parliament proposed no bond between that king and that clergy , who could alone dispose of the attachments of that people : instead of gaining the preceptor or modifying his lessons , they simply conferred great favours upon the pupil ; and , what adds to the fatality of the omission is , that the very measures which they then adopted were destined at a future time to raise that hitherto neglected priesthood to a degree of real political power , which was then little if at all suspected . In short , the elective franchise was the panacea of the day—the universal remedy for every mischief ; and it was accordingly conferred upon the Catholic people . Little was it then foreseen to what an extent this was at a future day to subvert the maxim of the British constitution , of proportioning properly and power—little was it foreseen how nearly resembling to universal suffrage was the something which it was to introduce , or by whom that some-thing was to be directed . It was said then , as it is said now , `` are not the landlords Protestants , and will not the tenants vote with their landlords ? '' Sir , I say they have not done so , and in the hour of real trial they will not do so : —I have myself seen the priest at an election assure the freeholder , that the contest was between God and his landlord , ( I repeat his words ) and I have seen the freeholder obedient to the heavenly oracle , —I have seen the priests lead a tenantry almost to a man against their landlords . And this is the system which , in the fashionable language of the patriots of that day , was an extension to Ireland of the benefits of the British constitution : —this trampling of property under the feet of democracy , and sacrifice of both upon the altars of an unestablished religion ! Sir ;