But there are , who assert that the Catholics have already been too much indulged ; see ( cry they ) what has been done , we have given them one entire college , we allow them food and raiment , the full enjoyment of the elements , and leave to fight for us as long as they have limbs and lives to offer , and yet they are never to be satisfied ! Generous and just declaimers to this , and to this only , amount the whole of your arguments , when stripped of their sophistry . Those personages remind me of a story of a certain drummer , who being called upon in the course of duty to administer punishment to a friend tied to the halberts , was requested to flog high , he did—to flog low- , he did—to flog in the middle , he did—high , low , down the middle , and up again , but all in vain , the patient continued his 649 complaints with the most provoking pertinacity , until the drummer , exhausted and angry , flung down his scourge , exclaiming `` the devil burn yon , there 's no pleasing you , flog where one will ! '' Thus it is , you have flogged the Catholic high , low , here , there , and every where , and then you wonder he is not pleased . It is true , that time , experience , and that weariness which attends even the exercise of barbarity , have taught you to flog a little more gently , but still you continue to lay on the lash , and will so continue , the perhaps the rod may be wrested from your hands and applied to the backs of your-selves and your posterity . It was said by somebody in a former debate , ( I forget by whom , and am not very anxious to remember ) if the Catholics are emancipated , why not the Jews ? If this sentiment was dictated by compassion for the Jews , it might deserve attention , but as a sneer against the Catholic , what is it but the language of Shylock transferred from his daughter 's marriage to Catholic emancipation— `` Would any of the tribe of Barrabbas `` Should have it rather than a Christian . '' I presume a Catholic is a Christian , even in the opinion of him whose taste only can be called in question for his preference of the Jews . It is a remark often quoted of Dr. Johnson , ( whom I take to be almost as good authority as the gentle apostle of intolerance , Dr. Duigenan ) that he who could entertain serious apprehensions of danger to the Church in these times , would have `` cried fire in the deluge . '' This is more than a metaphor , for a remnant of these antedeluvians appear actually to have come down to us , with fire in their mouths and water in their brains , to disturb and perplex mankind with their whimsical outcries . And as it is an infallible symptom of that distressing malady with which I conceive them to be afflicted , ( so any doctor will inform your lordships ) for the unhappy invalids to perceive a flame perpetually flashing before their eyes , particularly when their eyes are shut , ( as those of the persons to whom I allude have long been ) it is impossible to convince these poor creatures , that the fire against which they are perpetually warning us and themselves , is nothing but an Ignis fatuus of their own drivelling imaginations . What rhubarb , senna , or what purgative drug can scour that fancy thence ? —it is impossible , they are given over , theirs is 650 the true `` Caput insanabile tribus Anticyris . '' These are your true Protestants . Like Bayle , who protested against all sects whatsoever , so do they protest against Catholic Petitions , Protestant Petitions , all redress , all that reason , humanity , policy