serve you , but not as slaves ; willing to bleed and conquer in your armies , but demanding the rewards and honours of conquerors . It is I confess difficult , when I look at this part of the subject , to calculate coldly and nicely those dangers of which some persons are so apprehensive . But let those persons tell you , what are those dangers : let them speak out upon this point : it is their business to do so and not ours , for I am not afraid to say , that unless it can be shewn that these claims can not be granted without danger to the state , that they become claims of right , properly understood ; in the only sense at least in which natural claims of political right can be maintained at all . Unless these dangers can be shewn , and not only positive dangers , but greater dangers in concession than refusal , we are no more justified in excluding Catholics from serving the country , than we should be in excluding men of less than six feet in height . We make regulations upon this subject in the army , because tall men are better soldiers , but the right hon . gentleman would not approve of making this qualification general . We should be quite justified in excluding the right hon . gentleman from the ranks of the army , because such soldiers might be dangerous to the state ; but not so the Catholic , on account of his creed , unless that creed contain political maxims of dangerous tendency . If indeed they maintained at this day the antisocial opinions of the darker ages , that no faith was to be kept with heretics , and that the Pope has the power of absolving subjects from their allegiance , undoubtedly we should not only be justified in excluding 839 them from office , but from all civil society and intercourse whatever . So that in fact the question of right can not be of positive right , but conditional , and the condition is , the safety of the state . It is the same right which every man has to his liberty , and to the benefit of the laws ; aright not to be divested by caprice , but only by state necessity , and that necessity , I maintain , can not be proved in defence of these Catholic disabilities . I recollect what was said of political disabilities in a free conference on the Occasional Conformity Bill in queen Anne 's time . The managers for the Lords , among whom were lord Halifax , lord Somers , the duke of Devonshire , and bishop Burnet , declared , `` That the Lords thought , that an Englishman could not be reduced to a more unhappy condition , than to be put by law under an incapacity of serving his prince and country ; and that therefore nothing but a crime of a most detestable nature ought to put him under such a disability . '' Bat what then is the danger which it is pretended will arise out of these concessions ? Foreign influence , says the learned doctor ; no doubt , foreign influence , as far as it may exist , is pro tanto an evil . But what is the remedy ? I say , admit the Catholics to the constitution . The foreign influence exists now , happily not in practice , but in possibility . Concession can not increase ii ; but satisfy the Catholics and you deprive the mischief of its sting . For how is this mischief to operate ? It is supposed that the Pope , not the present pontiff however , for of his virtuous courage and resistance under persecution there is sufficient evidence , but that some future Pope may be induced to exert his religious influence in Ireland in favour of the French . The danger then is religious connection with the enemy , and the remedy , I say , is political connection with the state .