accident . However , he confessed that he had received no letter from the right hon . member . urged the propriety of the motion . deprecated the harshness with which the gentlemen opposite seemed to wish to have the right hon . member treated . He should move an amendment to the motion , That the right hon . gentleman be ordered to attend in his place on this day se'nnight . opposed the amendment . The right hon . member had appeared in his place almost every day until the approach of the Catholic question . expected that the right hon . gentleman opposite , who had moved the call of the House , would have been the first to move the right hon . member into custody . As to the amendment , there was not the least doubt but that the right hon . member would be in his place on that day se'nnight . He was one of the lords of the Treasury , and materially connected with Ireland ; and he certainly knew not why the presence of such a member should not have been enforced on the important question lately under consideration . If the House had the least regard for its dignity , it must order the right hon . member into custody . then put the question , and as the House was about to divide , Mr. Ward withdrew his amendment , and the original motion was carried in the affirmative . rose to move the Thanks of the House to the earl of Wellington , and the army under his command—— spoke to order ; he wished to know from the chair , whether this was 1070 not a day in which orders took precedence of notices ? said , that questions of thanks to our fleets or armies always were allowed to take precedence of every other business . then spoke to the following effect : —Sir , from the opportunity which on former occasions I have had of collecting the sentiments of the House on the course of proceeding with respect to questions similar to that which I am about to submit to their consideration , I agree with you . Sir , that the House will always be disposed to give to them an undoubted priority . It gratifies me , however , to be enabled to assure the noble lord , that in my view of the present subject , it will not be necessary for me to detain the House at any considerable length ; anticipating as I do , the unanimous concurrence of all who hear me , in the motion with which I shall have the honour to conclude . Sir , I have so frequently , during the short period of the last eighteen months , had the happiness to submit to this House a motion similar to the present , that I am justified , from my experience on those occasions , in confidently expecting that not a single dissenting voice will be raised against my present proposition . We may differ in opinion . Sir , on the general question of the manner in which the war on the peninsula has been conducted ; we may even differ in opinion on the probable effect of the late or of any other splendid achievement of our brave troops—but it is impossible that we should differ in opinion on the able conduct of our general , and on the gallantry of our officers and men , with reference to the recent occurrrence , in which these qualities have been so successfully and so gloriously exhibited . The House will recollect that at no great distance of time antecedent to the late distinguished achievement , the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo took place . Immediately after that capture , lord Wellington meditated the direction of his forces toward '' that fortress , the acquisition of which it is now our object to acknowledge . The arrangements for that purpose were made with great expedition by the noble and gallant lord during the time that he kept his head-quarters ; and so completely were