had little doubt but soon after the recess it would be produced . With respect to what the noble earl had stated as to the time the remainder of the session 108 would afford , it was highly probable that full as much time would be allowed for the discussion as was allowed on the last occasion the subject was under the consideration of parliament . It was at that time the latter end of April when it was brought forward . Their lordships would recollect that a committee of the other House had the subject long under their consideration ; and he was confident that noble lords would be amply and satisfactorily informed on the subject . concurred in the opinion of his noble friend , that the subject ought to have been brought under the consideration of parliament at an earlier period . The noble viscount said , that as much time as possible would be allowed for the consideration of the subject , but there was not the least resemblance between the case , as it at this time presented itself , and as it then stood . At that lime they were to believe that the East India trade could be only carried on through a very extensive capital , and preferably , by a joint stock company . Now it was carried on by a company who avowedly had no capital at all . He was afraid there was no resemblance between the cases . A negociation , it was said , was carrying on between government and the company , but he would ask , were the government and the company the only parties ? Were not the distressed manufacturing and commercial interests of the country to be consulted and attended to ? said , he should not be provoked by any thing which had fallen from the noble earl to enter into a premature discussion of topics not regularly before the House . When the subject should be before the public and parliament , he would answer , and he trusted successfully , the arguments of the noble earl . made a complaint against a person of the name of Hindson , an officer of the sheriff of Surrey , for having arrested a person of the name of Campbell , who was on his way to be examined before a Committee of that House . The hon . member stated , that he was chairman of the committee appointed to enquire into the state and condition of the transports . It being necessary to examine Mr. Campbell , he on Friday issued his precept , requiring his attendance , and that person was in obedience to that precept , on his way to the committee room , when he was arrested by Hindson , Campbell shewed the officer the precept , but the latter disregarded the order and carried him to a place of confinement , where he now remained . In such case , the hon . member observed , he should follow the practice which was adopted on similar occasions , and which was also recognised by the judges of the courts below , who always protected witnesses in going and coming to their courts , and move , '' That Richard Hindson , officer of the sheriff of Surrey , and Mr. Campbell , do attend this House tomorrow . `` —On the question being put , apprehended that there was no necessity to order the attendance of Mr. Campbell , as the mere statement of the matter of privilege to the House , would be sufficient to induce the officer to discharge him out of custody ; therefore all that was necessary to be done was , to order the officer to attend to answer the complaint . observed , that the course of proceeding was so clear , that it was unnecessary for him to interpose his opinion before putting the question . The course proposed by the hon . mover was the ordinary parliamentary course , namely , to require the attendance of the two parties before the House—the one to stale the cause and manner