pressure on the various parts of the country was great , and almost intolerable . It was his opinion , however , that the petitioners would derive at least the most speedy relief from laying the axe to the commercial decrees of ministers . reprobated the discussion of a question now which might be fully debated at its proper time to-morrow . This at least was neither a usual nor a convenient way of dispatching the business of parliament . He felt himself called upon to say a few words with regard to the expression so much talked of , which was said to have dropped from his right hon . friend . He never was more 1066 surprized than when he heard that an injurious impression had been loft upon the minds of some individuals present at the interview , for the deputation from Birmingham appeared perfectly satisfied with the reception afforded them . Taxing his own memory he had not the least trace of such a phrase as had been so often alluded to , although it might have been uttered out of his hearing , or indeed if uttered within his hearing , he might not have noticed it . He positively denied that it could justify any such mischievous impression as that to which it had been distorted . It had been employed to exasperate the public mind , for the purpose of producing mischief ; and he was sorry to see that gentlemen in that House thus gave countenance to such disgraceful attempts . It was exciting a still more outrageous spirit in those who were now employing themselves throughout the country in destroying all kinds of machinery . That was indeed laying the axe to the root , and abolishing the very means of future prosperity to the country , by which the pressure now complained of might be alleviated . Such sentiments as had just been listened to encouraged and promoted the feeling which produced these dismal Scenes of devastation . He did not mean to make any charge upon gentlemen , whose duly it was to present Petitions put into their hands , but he would appeal to every man present at the interview alluded to ( excepting the individual who had originated the Statement ) whether any thing passed which could be perverted into an expression of unkindness , harsh ness , or insensibility on the part of ministers . Whatever might have been the particular words employed , he would not take upon himself to determine , but he would bear positive testimony that in his right hon . friend 's mind there was no feeling which could justify the distortion of phrase which had been attributed to him . observed , that the most convenient mode would be for the right hon . gentleman to state what he really did say . It undoubtedly was fair that the right hon . gentleman should have an opportunity of explaining the construction he put upon the words said to have been employed . A present the sense applied to the metaphor seemed to be that which it bore , without any perversion . It must be admitted , that it conveyed no very pleasant idea to the minds of the petition- 1067 ers , when they were told that they were like a man with his head in a bucket of water . repeated , that he had not the most faint remembrance of having employed the language attributed to him . All he could say was , that in his mind there was nothing at all disrespectful to the gentlemen , or unfeeling to the individuals they represented . He was sorry not to see the hon . member for Warwickshire in his place , who would be able to state his recollection of the transaction . He was happy that the the present opportunity had been afforded him of disclaiming that which had been most unjustly attributed to him , viz . an insensibility to the complaints that had been urged . He thought the case of the manufacturers of Birmingham entitled to peculiar attention . observed , that