on the table . His lordship also stated that there was a Petition from the same place to the executive government , against the Orders in Council , which he had had the honour of presenting that morning . pursuant to notice , moved for the correspondence between the government and the East India Directors on the subject of the renewal of the Charter . As the papers had already been printed for the use of the East India Committee , and had been before the public through another channel , he presumed there would be no objection to this motion . 2d . He moved for a copy of the military plan of marquis Cornwallis , referred to in the correspondence , for consolidating the forces of the Company with the king 's troops . This might be a most important document , and it was proper it should be on the table before the subject came to be discussed . 3d . His lordship next adverted to a statement made by the deputy chairman of the court of directors , in a letter ( forming part of the correspondence ) to the person who was lately President of the Board of Control , ( lord Melville , ) that there were papers in the archives of the company , which would be of great use in enabling the government to appreciate the effects of the monopoly with respect to the navigation laws . Whether these papers would make for or against the arguments of the directors , it was fitting that they should be produced ; and he , therefore , proposed to move accordingly . 4th . Though it appeared from the negociation that it was intended in a great measure to open the trade with India , there might be such rules and regulations established in India with regard to private traders , as to render the privi- 247 lege nugatory . Of this description , he contended , were the regulations already existing in the company 's settlements : but whether he was correct in this opinion or not , it was of great importance that their lordships should be acquainted with these regulations , lest they should only be conferring a privilege , which the company , by means of their local rules , might turn into a humbug on the public . He should therefore move , that they be laid on the table . As they were , or regularly ought to be , transmitted every year from the Indian presidencies to the court of directors , there could be no difficulty in producing them . His lordship , however , expressed his willingness to postpone the last two of these motions , if the noble lords opposite wished for time to consider them . The Earls of Liverpool and Buckinghamshire expressed a wish that the last two should be postponed ; and lord Lauderdale assented . The first two were agreed to . presented a Petition from the manufacturers of Birmingham against the East India monopoly . It was signed , he understood , by about 16,000 persons . stated , that as it might have been imagined that these manufacturers had been prompted by the merchants of Liverpool , and other places more immediately interested , perhaps , in putting an end to the monopoly , he had thought it his duty to make some enquiries , whether or not this was the case ; and the result had been that he found this Petition to have arisen from the spontaneous feeling of the people of the town of Birmingham itself , who were convinced that if the trade to India were thrown open , they would be enabled to export much more of their manufactures than they did at present . The Petition was then read , and ordered to lie on the table . said , if any objection were made to the motion of which he had yesterday given notice , he would abstain from submitting it to the House at present . But he thought it was fitting their lordships should know what was the direct