to the enormous sum of 17,000l . a year . He put it to the right hon . gentleman over the way , whether this amount of public money was not too much to be assigned to one individual . He understood , that lord Melville had thought right to relinquish the tellership of the Exchequer he formerly held , and was content with the 5,000l . per annum he obtained as first lord of the Admiralty . He trusted that this act of liberality would have its due effect upon the mind of the earl of Buckinghamshire , and concluded by moving `` That there be laid before this House , copies of all warrants under his Majesty 's sign manual , directing the amount of the salaries to lord viscount Melville , late President of the Board of Controul , and to the earl of Buckinghamshire , now President of the Board of Controul , under and by virtue of the act 51 Geo . 3 , c . 75 . '' observed , that undoubtedly one object of the act of last session was to increase the salary of Mr. Dundas , who then discharged the arduous duties of the President of the Board alluded to . He admitted that it had been strenuously resisted by the hon . gentleman , but his objections had been overruled by the better judgment of the House . Lord Melville , however , upon his nomination to the situation he now held , had resigned the office previously occupied by his late father , of privy seal of Scotland , with the salary annexed to it . If the hon . gentleman expected that sinecure offices were to be held without the receipt of any salary , it was a new principle not yet recognized by parliament . Individuals who under the last administration held situations to which no public duty was attached , did not think it necessary to set an example which was now considered so laudable . It would not now be denied that the earl of Buckinghamshire was entitled to an adequate reward for the execution of public duties of great importance , but , filling this new office under the East India Company , he had thought it right to resign the annuity of 1,500l . as governor of Madras . As the the papers now required would in the regular course of business be laid before parliament , he thought the motion unnecessary , but if it were persisted in he should not resist it . wished to put a question of some importance to the right hon . the 261 Chancellor of the Exchequer . He wished to know whether the pension of the President of the Board of Controul depended upon the continuance of the East India Company 's charter ? If so , considering also his former attachment , it appeared that the earl of Buckinghamshire must have a direct and obvious interest in supporting the monopoly so grievously complained of by the nation . thought it extremely probable that the grant depended upon the contingency of the renewal of the charier . He could not see why the previous employment of his lordship should render him unfit , under the present circumstances , to fill the office of President of the Board of Controul . Certain it was that there was no legal incompetency , and no other objection could be assigned . , leaving the earl of Buckingamshire out of the question , thought that he might assume , from the known motives that influenced men in general , that any other person but the noble earl might be induced more strenuously to support a cause in the success of which he was so largely interested . He was not surprized that the right hon . gentleman had fixed upon an interested individual , considering the great difficulty he had found in discovering persons who would consent to serve under him . rose to move his proposed amendment . This he had resolved to submit to their lordships , though by no means certain , that it was the