asked , to be drawn ? Where was it to slop ? He did not know if such a question had ever come before any of our courts of common law . If it ever did , he sincerely hoped they would follow a differeat course , and would not give credit to perjured men and to perjured documents . The next article to which he begged to call the attention of the House , was the abuses resulting from this system , and from this trade . An hon . friend of bis , when this subject was formerly before the House , called their attention to the fact of two licences having been granted for brandy , at a time when such licences were not generally granted , and when two such , lieences would have been well worth to 414 any man , as it was stated , the sum of 15,000l . The excuse then made was , that this was a solitary instance of clerical inaccuracy , and , as such , was not of much importance . The papers he should have moved for on this subject , he conceived , might have been granted , notwithstanding the objection stated by the right hon . gentleman to the production of the other papers , for the papers on this subject were not at all met by the neutralizing system . What he begged , in the first place , particularly to allude to was , the antedating of licences . On this bead he had a circumstance to state which would , in all probability , never have come to light , had it not been for the exertion of an active gentleman , who had been able even to trace an erasure on the subject in the council books . The case to which he referred was that of the Vrow Debora , for which a licence was applied for by Messrs. Baker and Son , to import a cargo of butter and cheese . This petition was presented on the 20th of January , and the answer was— '' refused . '' The vessel was afterwards captured , and , on the 30th of January , an application was made to have the licence granted , with an alteration or addition , that the cargo should be exported in a British vessel , and with this addition , the licence was granted . Mr. W. Rotherey , of Doctors ' Commons , bad made affidavit on this subject , in which he stated the above facts , and that there was an entry in the council books , when he originally searched them , under date 20th January , to the effect that the application for a licence to the Vrow Debora was refused , but that on a subsequent examination in April following , the word 'refused ' bad vanished , and the word 'granted ' appeared in its stead . He ( Mr. Herbert ) was satisfied the noble lord at the head of the Board of Trade , and the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Rose ) had nothing to do with this ; but , if such practices were suffered , what a door for corruption and fraud of every kind was thereby opened . He had in his possession a correspondence from the other side of the water , which shewed what was the opinion there entertained of the persons who had influence on the Treasury Board of this country , and went far to prove , that the statement of an hon . and learned friend of his on a late import-ant debate—that the persons who had influence there were no better than hawkers and pedlars , was not too highly coloured : it went far to shew that the members of that 415 Board were swayed by the advice of some persons who imposed upon them ; and that , however pure themselves , they were operated upon by those who were not so . Before be proceeded to this correspondence , however , he begged to notice the fluctuating policy by which