that letter , he considered disorderly , notwithstanding what had been said to the contrary . It was argued , that there was no particular standing order against which the mention of it militated , and his noble friend was called upon to produce such an order . He would say in reply , that there existed no standing order by which it was considered unparliamentary to use the king 's name for the purpose of influencing the debates of the House ; and yet who was there that would contend that the latter was not unparliamentary ? If the proposed Address should be adopted , then parliament would be , in fact , doing all it could to destroy responsibility . It would be trenching on one of the dearest prerogatives of the crown ; it would be attempting nothing less than to appoint the ministry itself : and besides , its conduct would be the more glaringly unconstitutional , because it brought forward not one act by which its dissatisfaction at the existence of the present administration was marked . It was said in-deed , that the present administration was averse to the consideration of the Catholic petition . Again he would repeat what he had said so often , that the basis of his opinions was the principle of the revolution . The chief principle of that revolution was civil freedom engrafted on religious freedom , on liberal and extensive toleration ; but at the same time , all conected with a view to the maintenance of the Protestant national church , and the Protestant succession . Every thing was then done consistent with these objects ; and now we were asked to depart from the establishments which were then so wisely and so liberally 72 formed We were asked also to depart from those establishments , without giving any counterpoise to the danger to be apprehended . Securities , indeed , were talked of , and were even paraded in publications , which he would not now allude to , because the noble author of one of them was absent ; but when the nature of these securities was asked , who could explain it ? Who could inform the House what they were ? He confessed that nothing could give him more pleasure than to be convinced that no danger existed from concession to the Catholics . His heart would beat with joy to enter into the consideration of their claims , if any statesman was ready to tell him what securities were to be offered for the protection of our establishments . But when no person came forward with those securities—when the one already proposed was obliged to be abandoned , what could he do but take his stand with the establishments , as settled at the revolution ? He had often asked of that great man , whose friendship for him he wished to have recorded on his tomb , as his best encomium , whether he had any specific securities to bring forward , in case the claims of the Catholics should be taken into the consideration of parliament ? Although , however , he had pressed this enquiry over and over again , that great person died without being ever able to tell him what securities he thought might be proposed , and what checks adopted . Let the Catholics , then , bring forward their securities , and no person would be more willing than he to enter into the question of their claims ; but until that event should come about , he was determined not to consent to a radical change in the constitution , or to adopt any measure which would put its existence to hazard . As to the complaint against the present ministers for their conduct to the States of America , he should not occupy the time of the House in shewing the futility of any such complaint . He believed that the example set by the last administration , in their treatment of America , had been followed by the present ; and whatever differences existed , could not , he was assured