, and live infinitely better than as common labourers . Now with respect to the navy the case with them is the same , except this , that their numbers in the navy are much more over calculated . The shipping ports of Ireland are not at all to be compared with 756 those of England and Scotland , and consequently the navy must be composed of an infinitely greater number of English and Scotch than can possibly be reared in Ireland ; and yet Irishmen are admitted into the navy ; and indeed we have a memorable instance which gives us information upon that subject , namely , the meeting at the Nore in 1797 , where , according to the report laid before the House of Lords , it appeared that almost all the persons concerned in that mutiny were Irishmen , except a few marines . It is impossible for the Catholics of Ireland , even admitting them to be four millions , to turn out one-third of the army and navy of Great Britain , when it is recollected that they are only as four to thirteen millions ; and more particularly that one-third can not be Catholics , from the calculation I have shewn . As to the complaint of their having no prospect of promotion in the army , it is without foundation , because they may attain the rank of any officer short of generals on the staff and generals in chief ; therefore they are out of their reckoning when they say they suffer hardships under this head ; for it is really without foundation . And what right have they to call for emancipation at the expence of keeping their Protestant fellow countrymen from a participation in the benefits of the constitution ? —or , as I ought to say perhaps , at the expence of a revolution ; for I maintain , that there never was a greater revolution in France than would follow front the abrogation of the Acts of Union , and the destruction of the Test and Corporation Acts , as they are all declared to be the bulwarks of the constitution , by the first lawyers . Therefore , Sir , I say , as they have no more merit for their services , and are entitled to no more favour than the rest of their fellow subjects , it would be the height of injustice to their fellow subjects to alter the constitution , and create a revolution in the stale on their behalf . Think of the injustice of this . Will you sacrifice the interests and the happiness of thirteen millions of people , and pull down to the ground the venerable fabric of the British constitution in church and state , to satisfy the ambitious desires of 2,500,000 of the lowest orders of the community in another country ? And this , too , a people whose spiritual and political opinions persons of the soundest judgment and the deepest knowledge in the law pronounce 757 to be dangerous to the state ! If gentlemen really wish to have the Popish religion established again ; —if they wish the pure spirit of the constitution to be engrafted upon the intolerant principles of the Roman Catholic religion , in the name of God , if they think it wise so to do , let them do it ; but before they do it , let them consult the opinions of 13,000,000 of the British people , before they do all the mischief for the sake of 2,500,000 . But if they do not wish the religion of the state to be altered , and if they do not wish to see the power of the Pope again established on the throne of this country , they will set their faces against this question ( Here general Mathew laughed loudly . ) I certainly have no hope of being able to make any impression upon that facetious orator ( A loud laugh throughout the House . ) Now , Sir , I must say a word or two in addition to what I have already