, it was too preposterous to suppose that they had , as the learned doctor charged , concealed such signatures . But , to settle the point , I can inform the learned doctor that I have in my possession a printed list of the first two thousand signatures which had been circulated , and that the entire of the names will be speedily published ; and on that publication , I challenge an investigation in proof of what I have already stated , that the Petition has been signed by a majority of the landed and commercial Protestant property of Ireland : but on what authority did the learned doctor and his adherents make their denials to the respectability of names which the learned doctor himself declared he never had seen . If not on his own knowledge , he was merely the echo of that ribaldry and vulgar abuse-with which the hired press of the Irish government had impotently sought to suppress or impede the noble expression of Protestant liberality . The learned doctor has also , with equal accuracy , denied that the signatures from the North of Ireland are numerous and respectable : he states , `` that with the exception of some misguided men in the county of Down , no person of any wealth had signed it . '' Is the majority of the commercial body of Belfast and Newry deserving of that description ? That class of men whose capital and spirit gives life to all the industry of the great manufacturing district , the North of Ireland ? Is the commercial body of Dublin , of Waterford , and of Limerick , nothing in the scale of Irish property ? Will the learned doctor , in the hearing of those-who know Ireland , call such classes `` an insignificant portion of the wealth of Ireland . '' I therefore again assert , without the possibility of being refuted , that the majority of the landed and commercial Protestant property of Ireland is subscribed to that Petition , .—I maintain that the Petition was smuggled about in a clandestine 493 manner . I know instances where persons who went to see it were asked first of all , if they meant to sign it ? And if they declined saying whether they would or not , they were refused the perusal of it . When the names were printed , they would then know whether they did represent what they were asserted to do ; but I am certain that there were many Protestants of the first eminence who reprobate Catholic Emancipation . With regard to the Protestant Petition , I know that various arts were used to obtain signatures : many shop-keepers in Dublin , whose subsistence depended upon their trade , were threatened with a general combination to ruin them , if they did not sign it . I know this could be proved.—I could mention several counties where the Petition was rejected with disdain by the grand juries ; and therefore I have grounds for saying that it does not contain the majority of the commercial property of Ireland . I will mention an instance of a dissenting minister in the country , who signed the Petition , who was hunted out of his church by his congregation , and reproached with the opprobrious name of another Judas . .—I do believe that three fourths of the Protestants of Belfast are favourable to Catholic claims . As I represent a Northern city , ( Carrickfergus ) I know that several signatures could have been obtained , if the necessary form of a petition had been prepared ; and the member for Belfast is a subscriber to the Petition . .—The right hon . doctor alluded to me and my family , as having been particularly concerned in promoting this Petition , and as if the Petition had succeded only by the agency of some of my connections . Certainly , Sir , the head of my family has signed his name first to the Petition , and although formerly in the separate state of Ireland , he was hostile to