then propose this provision for the Princesses ? For let the right hon . gentleman argue as he might , the Prince Regent was now but one year older than he was a year ago . It had been more than insinuated at the time of asking for more money for the King 's household , that his Majesty was in a state which enabled him to derive gratification from his recognition of the persons in daily attendance upon him . Here he would put another plain question to the right hon . gentleman : Did he know that his Majesty , since the passing of that Bill , had any personal intercourse with one of the lords of the bed-chamber , or the grooms or equerries then voted ? It was remarkable too , that the moment that Bill past , the Bulletins were reduced from once a week to once a month . It appeared , that on a recent occasion no groom was in attendance , and that an equerry had acted in his stead . What did all this prove ? Why , that the whole scheme was little other than an ingenious mode of providing for those who had the good fortune to be in favour with the minister ; and was this a way of answering the petitions they had heard read that day ? But why antedate the Bill ? unless to give the Princesses an advance of 9,000l . Did they want this ? Were they in debt or distress ? If they were , in the name of truth and common sense why not say so at once , and come down with a message to the House to that effect ; but according to the present mode parliament were telling the public as plainly as they could , that they did not think it necessary to explain why they voted away that money the country found it so difficult to contribute . He should propose , therefore , as an amendment , that instead of dating the Bill from the 18th of February last , it should be limited to take effect upon the King 's demise . He again protested against the mode in which the whole business had been thrown upon the House , and hurried through it . He believed that there were very few of the gentlemen , then in the House , who knew the nature of the two Bills , which had 444 then been passed ; there was something most suspicious in the whole transaction-there certainly was some curious secret at the bottom . He acquitted the royal Princesses of the slightest concert in the business . He had the highest personal respect for each and all of them . There had been , however , some way or other , a deal of juggling ; one could see throughout the whole of the business an anxious and stirring bustle to divert people from the true scent . There certainly was a something that was to be concealed at the expence of revealing any thing else . Before he sat down , he could not help adverting to the singular circumstauces in which her royal highness the Princess Regent was left to appear before the country . It seemed as if her fate was already sealed , abandoned as she was by her once chivalrous champion , her old friend , her faithful counsellor . But if the right hon . gentleman had found reason to change his opinion with respect to her , why had the Princess Charlotte of Wales , the future hope of England , been altogether overlooked in these arrangements ? She was now bordering upon her 17th year , and not , either from her rank , prospects , or time of life , wholly exempted from the right hon . gentleman 's consideration . replied to part of the objections of the last speaker , and to part only , because he conceived that no inconsiderable portion of the arguments made use of by the right hon . gentleman were wholly inapplicable to the question immediately before