684 may otherwise arrive , in which no art can save , no wisdom can recover us . But the noble lords are unconvinced ; and tauntingly enquire of us , the advocates of a better policy , whether we still believe that this great work can be accomplished with the same facilities as formerly for mutual conciliation ; with the same securities as might have once been obtained against every real , against every imaginary danger ? What are the expectations of others , I know not . For myself , I answer , as the truth is . No ; I have no such hope . Their impolicy has deprived me of it . My country must , I know , pay the penalty of their misconduct ; she must reap what they have sown , and exhaust , even to the dregs , the bitter draught with which they have poisoned the sources of her prosperity . Much , however , it is still in your power to achieve for the peace and union of the empire . I forbear to dwell longer on the benefits which must result from such a resolution . You are now asked only to consider these Petitions . And let it not be forgotten , that if the noble earl had proved to you all that he has asserted , if he had established the necessity of excluding British subjects from the legislature and government of their country , there would yet remain behind , in these disqualifying laws , provisions imperiously requiring the interference of parliament . Those laws have done much more than even the noble earl requires . They have marked and stigmatised this people , as incapable of eminence in any honourable course of life . Such is their condition in all the ordinary relations of society . Traders shut out from the corporations of their native towns , merchants excluded from the direction of their national bank , barristers proscribed from the bench , officers to whom all prospects of military glory are denied , country gentlemen prohibited by law from executing the office of sheriff . Reflect , too , on the avowed reason of this last exclusion . It is because with the sheriff rests the nomination of those juries who decide on their property , honour , and life , that they are held unfit to discharge that trust . To the Protestant alone it is confined . The appointment itself is exclusively vested in the crown ; and we know what are the dispositions , and what the conduct of the Castle , towards the Catholics . But even this is not deemed sufficient security , without superadding to it ; by law , a provision equally dishonourable 685 in its motive , and unjust in its operation . I might also enlarge on that spirit , which these laws alone have kept alive in the Protestant corporations of Ireland . I might remind you of the recent conduct of the corporation of Dublin , if , indeed , that conduct be such ( I am reluctant to believe it , ) as I have read in the public accounts of their proceedings . Would you learn the temper of that body , which decided to stand alone in petitioning your lordships against the claims of their countrymen ? It was proposed to them , to recognize the services of one of the thousands of Irishmen who are daily fighting the battles of their country To this gallant individual , returning covered with wounds from the field of his exploits to the bosom of his admiring country , they were content to express their thanks . But he is a Catholic . The freedom of their city , therefore , they would not grant him . His conduct they applauded ; the advantage , the honour , resulting from it to his country , they acknowledged ; they would , without difficulty , vote to him a sword . Arms they would put into his hands , that he might again use them as the soldier of a free country ; again