was 58,000l . Here was at once a great saving , and there were also others , which rendered it very easy to provide for the Princesses , without laying an additional charge of 36,000l . a year on the people . He concluded by moving , as an amendment , to insert in the motion the words '' this day month , '' instead of the word '' now , '' for the purpose , in the mean time , of examining into the amount of , and charges upon the consolidated fund . with respect to what had fallen from the hon . gentleman respecting the securities of stockholders , had to observe , that by an act of the 47th of the King , it was provided , that if in any quarter the consolidated fund should be found unequal to the charges on it , the first supplies of the year were to be applied in aid of it , and this he conceived was sufficient to make the Stockholders easy about their securities . had to offer a very few words on what had fallen from the hon . gentleman opposite , who had again stated what was likely to produce a very improper effect upon the public mind , if permitted to go abroad uncontradicted . The hon . gentleman had stated , that a diminution in the consolidated fund had taken place equal to 3,500,000l . and that thus the source to which the public creditor looked for security , was decreased in a degree to alarm him for his safety . But so far from this being the case , the amount of the difference between the years ending January , 1811 , and January , 1812 , was only 1,269,000l . and the hon . gentleman came to his erroneous conclusions by comparing the surplusses , and taking the additional difference of the war taxes into his calculation , which was not a just mode of trying the question . Neither was it a fair thing to draw a comparison between the best year the country ever knew , in point of revenue , and the last year , when the country was labouring under very considerable , pressure ; and the new taxes , intended to make up the deficiency , had not had an opportunity of producing their effect , so as to come within the results of the year laid before the House . He hoped the House would , therefore , see no ground , from the statement of the hon . gentleman , to believe , that they needed to be under any apprehension , with respect to the security of the public creditors , in agreeing to the proposition for a provision to the Princesses , which would this night be made to them . If , as the hon . gentleman had seemed to wish , this subject had been considered at the time the princes household arrangements were made , the sum for which he should move in the committee must in justice have been added to what they had voted at that time ; but it had been thought better to bring this subject forward by itself , and on that ground it was postponed . The hon . gentleman had seemed to think , the sum they were to be called upon for in the committee might have been easily spared out of the Civil 125 List . This might appear so to him , as he compared the 17,000l . given annually to the Princess of Wales , with the 58,000l . per ann . which had been given to the Queen by the King . The fact however was , that the same deductions were made from the Civil List in the hands of the Prince , as had been made from it when it was in the hands of the King , as her Majesty received her 58,000l . per ann . as formerly from the Civil List . The hon . gentleman was also mistaken in the sum which the Princess received , as he understood it