; it was just as new to the constitution , and if the one was illegal they both were . At the time of that appointment , however , there were no serious objections to it . Every party , in their turn , had made use of the instrumentality of colonel Taylor , without then finding out that it was illegal or unconstitutional . Those who first agreed to his appointment , and the hon . gentlemen who now sat on the other side , might , when they were in power , have brought this appointment , before parliament for their sanction , 346 and thus have made it constitutional . None of them , however , at that time , appeared to have any such scruples upon the subject as had now been urged . The right hon . gentleman who had last spoken , said , that the private secretary of the Regent was the organ of his pleasure to all his subjects . This was fine language ; but in what respect could he be called the organ of his pleasure ? That mode of argument might apply to the writing of an ordinary note upon any ordinary occasion , in the Prince Regent 's name , and which might equally be considered as communicating his Royal Highness 's pleasure . But when we talked of the King 's pleasure , it was customary to understand it as signifying his approbation or disapprobation of any state act : now , in that meaning of the phrase , he denied that colonel M'Mahon was competent to communicate the pleasure of the Prince Regent in any way that could authorize any subject in the land to attend to it , or to act upon it with official responsibility . He begged the House distinctly to remember , that it was no state office , but simply an appointment to relieve the bodily and manual labour which by the prodigious influx of public business attached to the functions of the head of the executive government . To the necessity of such an office , in the present state of the country , he should now beg leave to call the attention of the House ; and here he hoped he should be able to satisfy these who heard him of the expediency of the appointment . The detail of the innumerable papers from various offices—the numberless acts which it was necessary to submit to the Prince Regent for his approbation or for his signature , some of them very urgent , and consequently to be presented as such , some less so , and hence to be disposed of in another manner—together with the manual labour attendant upon all those duties—formed a continuance of exertion which certainly required to be relieved in some way or other . The very arrangement of the mass of communications submitted to the royal attention , was in itself a labour which required the employment of a secretary , while it greatly facilitated the dispatch of public business by the person at the head of the government . It had been said that his Majesty discharged all that labour for five and forty years without any such relief , and that when he did have it , it was from a calamitous necessity which did not exist with 347 regard to the Prince Regent . His Majesty certainly did transact the public business without the assistance of a private secretary , and he did it to the astonishment of every one who was able to witness it : but while we did honour to the laborious activity and sedulous diligence of George 3 , we should remember some discriminating circumstances between him and the exalted personage who now exercised the sovereign authority . The King came to the throne at a very youthful period of his life , and was early trained to those habits of business which accommodated themselves gradually to the gradual increase of labour which every year of his reign produced . In him it progressively became a task of comparative ease ; but the Prince Regent entering upon the