operation , prevents me from inferring any thing from their quiescence as to what would have been their conduct , had the pressure been removed . I must therefore restrain my view to that portion of this time , during which any means of political action was in their hands ; and , referring to that portion , what are indeed the facts which it presents ? In the year 1792 , the Catholic Committee of that day thought it necessary to publish resolutions , stating , that `` the Committee had been informed , that 922 reports had been circulated , that the application of the Catholics for relief extended to total and unqualified emancipation . '' In those days , Sir , the Committee seem to have considered this even as an imputation incumbent on them to repel ; for they go on to state , that they `` therefore think it necessary to declare , that the whole of our late application '' ( I now use their own words ) , `` whether to his Majesty 's ministers , or to men in power , or to private members of the legislature , neither did nor does contain any thing more in substance , or in principle , than the four following objects : first , admission to the profession and practice of the law , secondly , a capacity to serve as county magistrates , third , a right to be summoned and to serve on grand and petit juries , fourth , the right of voting in counties only for Protestant members of parliament ; in such a manner , however , as that a Roman Catholic freeholder should not vote , unless he rents a farm of 20l . per annum in addition to his 40s . freehold , or else shall be in possession of a freehold of 20l . a year . '' This formal act of the Committee was issued into the world under the signature of their Secretary , to undeceive the public as to those points on which they had taken up such erroneous impressions . Well , in the very year following , the Irish parliament conceded not merely the whole of this ultimatum of Catholic desire , but a vast deal more , the elective franchise unrestrained , and admission to very many offices not here alluded to : but what has been the degree of content and moderation , what the order and purity of elections , what the mildness and constitutional language of the various organs of public feeling , whether aggregate or representative , which have ever since existed , what the feelings between man and man , which Ireland has ever since exhibited , I shall not trespass on the House by detailing ; wishing they should take the fact from what must be their own knowledge , rather than from my statement . Sir , hardly were the political concessions granted until Ireland was in a flame from end to end , and one continued month of peace or security it has never known from that hour to the present—And yet are we called on to assume as a matter so evident , that nothing but the most wilful and intolerant bigotry can prevent us from acknowledging , that the progress of Catholic content is in the direct proportion of the concession of political power . 923 I know it will be said , that ail this is easily accounted for ; that the ambition of man is naturally progressive , and that so long as there is any unobtained residue of what is sought for , agitation will necessarily prevail . Well , then , Sir , I will not shrink from the task , however painful , of contemplating the career of the Catholic party when last they possessed in Ireland political power unrestrained . Gentlemen on both sides of the House have talked much of the Revolution in England , have discussed the measures of its great founders , and the true nature of their views ; rightly considering it as a period when the springs of human