there were oppressive landlords—he did not doubt but there might be persons of this description , but he could not think this a sufficient reason for forcing the currency of a country out of its natural state . There would be many inconveniencies in applying the measure to Ireland , as the circumstances of that country were very different from this . English gentlemen were not aware of the great difference that existed . In England , for instance , there were few perpetual leases , but in Ireland there were a great many . Numbers of gentlemen found their lands let for 900 or 999 years , and to compel them who had so little revenue out of their property , to receive it in depreciated paper , would be to subject them to great loss , and indeed to leave them scarcely any thing . Upon this class of private gentlemen , therefore , the hardship would be very great ; for their situation did not at all resemble that of landlords in this country , whose leases were only for a few years , and who at every new bargain had a remedy in their own hands . The matter , as it affected Ireland , would be found , when they came to the committee , to be most complex and difficult , and the injustice to certain individuals greater than persons in this country could have any notion . He would give his negative to the second reading of this Bill , because he opposed it in principle , and this was the proper stage for that opposition . It was said to be popular , whether truly or not , he could not say . If popular here , however , he might assert , it would not be popular in Ireland ; and he was convinced its popularity in this country arose from its nature and tendency not being understood . In his opinion , it was a most pernicious measure , and he would reserve to himself the right of contending against it hereafter , when it was subjected to more mature discussion . thought that the measure would be a great oppression to the landlords of Ireland.—He had heard from hon . 212 gentlemen it was not making Bank-notes legal tenders . He would contend that it had the effect , that of carrying out of the country all its coin . The Bank had told them that a dollar was worth 5s . 6d . No man was more aware of the use of paper credit than he was , but he wished it to be so restricted as to have a full security . presented a Petition from the Freeholders of the county of Mayo , praying the extension of a constitutional privilege to their Roman Catholic fellow subjects . 222 He stated the Petition to have been resolved upon unanimously , by one of the largest county meetings he ever remembered to have taken place in that county . This was no inadequate criterion of the general sense of that county in favour of the Catholic claims , the freeholders of which exceed eleven thousand . He stated also that the Sheriff who presided at the meeting had signed the Petition . The Petition was then read , setting forth , `` That , at the time of his present Majesty 's acession to the throne of these realms , the laws in force against his Roman Catholic subjects of Ireland deprived them of most of the rights of Irishmen , and of several of the common rights of mankind ; that , by-the acts of 1778 of the Irish Parliament , recommended by his Majesty , Roman Catholics were empowered to vest the fruits of their industry in landed property , from which auspicious period the Petitioners observe the improvement of that country , in its agriculture , in its commerce , and in all the enjoyments and improvements of social life : immediately after this repeal followed a war between England and France , when , the whole army being withdrawn from Ireland , its defence