. ) Is there any man who hears me , that can doubt , that if that right hon . gentleman would only hold up his finger , the motion for a committee would be carried this night ? Oh ! ! I am sure that if the votes on the division were examined , it will be seen who they are that will form the majority against this question—the situations they hold , and the expectations they en- 992 tertain , will sufficiently evince whether their repugnance to enter into the consideration of the claims of the Catholics is the pure result of unbiassed judgment , and honest conviction . Sir , I repeat , that his royal highness the Prince Regent has chosen for his prime minister the man who is the principal bar to the wishes of the Catholics . Sir , the right hon . gentleman tells us , that he sees a great movement in the Catholic mind , which at some future period may render it less unadvisable to admit them to the enjoyment of political power . I ask him where he now finds that backwardness of mind and talent in the Irish Catholic any more than in the Irish Protestant community , which unfits the Catholics at this very moment from filling with honour to themselves and advantage to the state , any of those high offices to which they aspire ? In what situation of life have their intellectual powers , by comparison with those of their opponents and oppressors , been proved so inferior as to warrant their exclusion from all situations of great trust and confidence ? Sir , while I am on this part of the subject , I wish to advert to what fell from an hon . and learned gentleman , ( Mr. Owen , ) last night , —I wish to call the recollection of the House for a few moments to the strain of the `` ——high born Heel 's harp . '' That hon . and learned gentleman , —I am sorry I do not now see him in his place , told you that there was a moral incapacity in the lower orders of the people of Ireland , to rise to those important offices to which the Catholics aspire . Sir , I can not boast with that hon . and learned gentleman of descent from an illustrious ancestry ; but . Sir , were he here , I should be glad to ask him , whether we were to attribute the choice speech with which he favoured us last night , to the effect of superior birth , or to native intellect ? I should be glad he would prove to me the moral incapacity of any class of his Majesty 's subjects to fill any situations to which natural talent and great acquirements may raise them , —independent of the adventitious circumstances of high birth , and illustrious progenitors . Argument there can be none on this subject . There may be assertion , but however strong it is unwarrantable , unfounded , and contradicted by all history . I was astonished to hear such a declaration from the lips of a man of the ability , education and liberal pro- 993 fession of the hon . gentleman . Born and living under the happy constitution of this country , of which it is the characteristic distinction , that any man , however humble in origin , may by the exertion of his talents and the display of his virtues rise to the highest offices of the state . Does the hon . and learned gentleman draw his conclusion from general observation , or from the observation of the Irish character alone ? If from general observation it is entirely false . Poets have sung and historians have recorded his refutation . If we turn over the annals of our own country we see the names of Cromwell , Wolsey and others of former times ; men of the lowest extraction , but raised to eminence by the force of their extraordinary-talents . If we advert to recent periods