magnificent barrack at Islington , and the ground was actually marked out for it . Now , although this was strongly recommended by military authorities , the Treasury thought the 303 expence too great , and that it might be postponed till some other time . If they had adopted all the plans submitted to them by the Military Board , an expence of two or three millions would have been incurred in building new barracks . In the present times , however , it appeared to him , that every expence should be postponed which was not absolutely necessary ; and that the same considerations which made the Treasury reject many of those plans formerly , ought now to act with as much force as ever . If the House were to calculate the expence of this new barrack , they would find that it was near 450l . for every horse . It appeared to him that this was most extravagantly beyond any thing that really could be necessary . It was said , to be sure , that the men were also to be lodged there , but considering the manner in which men of their class in life were usually lodged , this sum appeared enormous , amounting , according to the interest generally given for money laid out in building , to 40l . per annum for the lodging of each trooper and his horse . He was afraid that in this new building there would be some attempt at splendour and awkward magnificence , and that the building would be something between a palace and a stable . At Liverpool he thought that it was unnecessary to go to such great expence , as many warehouses might be now got on easy terms , which would make very good temporary barracks . He thought that every expence that could be spared ought in the present times to be spared , and that even if the government were determined that the expences should amount to an hundred millions a year , there were other ways of spending the money which would be of more use in the prosecution of the present war . He thought there must be reasons fully as strong for postponing those buildings now , as existed at the time when he was in the Treasury , and he did not imagine there was any greater facility of borrowing money now , than there was then . thought the House ought to pause before it came to a vote out of all proportion to the objects specified . He wished to call their attention to one item , namely , that of 25,000l . paid to the commissioners for auditing general Delancey 's accounts , during the five years that they had been employed upon them . If the public was to pay that yearly for the detection of official defaulters , be thought 304 it would be better to let them go altogether unpunished . observed , that barracks for the Life Guards must be erected somewhere , if they were to be in barracks at all , for they could not remain where they now were . The estimates , he admitted , were large ; but he apprehended they would not be thought disproportionate to the intended purposes ( which were obviously very comprehensive ) if they were compared with those of any preceding year in the same department . He repeated , however , that he had every reason to believe that the prices contracted for would fall considerably within the estimates . There was great inconvenience attached to the present system of the bar-racks in King-street , which contained accommodation for the horses only , while the men were scattered over the whole of this vast metropolis . With regard to the 25,000l . for the commissioners who were auditing general Delancey 's accounts , he could assure the House that they had saved the public more than double that sum . said , that there was a real necessity for erecting new barracks for the Life Guards . Government had been actually ejected from the possession