together . This was a species of tactics which was not perhaps very unusual ; but it would have been fairer to have made a stand against the principle of this Bill on the second reading ; and on the other hand his hon . friend might be perfectly right in his objections to some of the minor details of the measure , while he made no way at all against its principles . The right hon . member ( Mr. Canning ) then commented on some of the arguments of the learned lord who spoke early in the debate , and ridiculed the importance which he attached to the continuance of certain sinecure offices in Scotland . He next alluded to the recommendation of measures of economy from the throne , at the commencement of the present parliament . The nature of the en- 1176 quiries into the means of diminishing expenditure , then recommended by the crown , could not be mistaken , as the resumption of measures of the same sort as had been carried on in the preceding parliament was particularly specified in the speech from the throne . This , in reality , was a virtual recommendation on the part of the crown of some measure similar to the present , and totally removed the necessity which his right hon . friend supposed to exist , of having a separate recommendation of abolition for each of the 200 offices specified in the Bill . His right hon . friend had contended , that these offices were means in the hands of the crown for remunerating high services , and alluring to its employment the talents of unpatrimonied men . He admitted there was a possibility of a set of persons of rank , birth , and high fortune uniting for the purpose of drawing a circle round the throne , and monopolising all the offices of state . It was equally proper that the crown should have the means of averting such contingencies ; but was the system of sinecures better calculated to attain that object than the one now proposed , which was to operate by the power of granting pensions ? In this point of view the two systems seemed equal ; but in another respect , the one was more eligible than the other , inasmuch as public opinion was hostile to sinecures ; they were become odious to the people , while this Bill provided that pensions should be openly given and received as the reward of past services . It was public opinion which caused the difference ; and he argued not on the ground of a diminution of the influence of the crown being necessary , but merely on that of a commutation of its form . He agreed with his right hon . friend in thinking , that the influence of the crown had not increased ; or , at least , that it was counterbalanced by the increased wealth of the people , and particularly by that increased spirit of intelligence which was so generally diffused , and which necessarily operated as a check on the crown . He concluded by remarking , that though there were some provisions in the Bill from which he dissented , yet he should support it , because he approved of the principle on which it went . opposed the Bill , as tending to deprive the crown of the power of immediately securing to an individual of talent that which , consistently with his duty to his family , he might require to 1177 be secured to him before he would dedicate his lime to the public service . It went to deprive the crown of this power , and only left it the means of intimating to such a person , that if in the midst of conflicts with poverty , he could contrive to continue to serve the crown for five years ; at the end of that time , he might be rewarded with a pension . He could not think the measure had been correctly described , when it had been represented as merely leading to