was not the smallest evidence against him ; and he must say , that when an honourable captain of the British navy was acquitted , and when , through the medium of an hon . friend of his , called for the production of documents to justify his character , the House was bound to give him such an op- 178 portunity of clearing himself in the eyes of the country . After the strong impression , too , attempted to be made against his character and honesty , they were bound to sec these papers produced . Whatever had been the practice of the Navy Board , he should think that alter a lapse of so many years , when the subject was so trifling in its amount and accidental in the manner it came before them , it would have been more decorous if , instead of immediately ordering a prosecution , they had sent for capt . Tomlinson , and asked him in the first place to explain what they conceived was irregular or incorrect . Very different , however , was their mode of proceeding ; and though he would not say the prosecution was dictated by malice , he would say that there must have been at least a strong leaning against the hon . captain . However strongly the hon . Secretary had put many of the cases , it might be possible that they could receive a satisfactory explanation . Indeed he understood that many of the private memoranda that night first produced , would be explained by the very papers required . The item of 20l . for instance , referred to muskets taken in a prize by capt . Tomlinson , and sold to a volunteer corps . He had not the honour of an acquaintance with capt . Tomlinson , but when he knew that he stood high in the opinion of the gentlemen of the neighbourhood , who wished to come forward in his behalf , that he had displayed high valour in fighting the battles of his country ; and when he called on the House , merely to afford him the means of reestablishing his high and injured honour , they ought , in his opinion , to lend a willing hand to afford him every means for that purpose . in explanation said , he had merely stated the facts on which the Navy Board had acted , without arguing from these facts . said , it appeared to him that the manner in which the Navy Board had been defended by the hon . Secretary and the hon . baronet , were as opposite as light and darkness , In defending the Navy Board from malice , the honourable Secretary certainly left an impression on his mind not very favourable , and opposite , perhaps , to what , he intended : but what had been said by the hon . baronet , a member of the Navy Board , had been said in a way that certainly did him great credit . He stated matters in a clear way , without colouring , and he thought he had 179 proved not only no neglect of duty in the Navy Board , but that they had shown no malice or dislike in the prosecution . It appeared to him that they had committed no impropriety but one . Considering how long captain Tomlinson had been in the service , they acted in a hasty manner . When he had fought so long the battles of his country—when so great a command was entrusted to him in the Walcheren Expedition—he confessed it did appear hard that , on such slight grounds , the Attorney General should have been instructed ( o bring a prosecution against him for felony . And this was the whole of the charge against the Navy Board in this transaction . Sufficient ground , in his opinion , had been stated for the production of the papers . It would be said perhaps that his conduct to the Admiralty and Navy Boards had been petulant and violent— [ cries of No ,