687 brought over to this country ' whole regiments of Irish Catholics . All their fears subsided , all danger from entrusting military command to their fellow subjects , vanished from their minds ; and if the disturbances which their wretched commercial policy has , at this hour , excited in the interior of our country , should happen to extend themselves to Northampton , it will probably be on the Catholic militia of Ireland , that even this sanctuary of Protestantism must rely for protection against the consequences of their misgovernment . Such is the reality of the dangers with which you are threatened on these subjects ; such the sincerity with which they are urged ! Let it not be supposed that I condemn the measure of bringing these regiments to England ; far otherwise . I know no better remedy for the prejudices which have been thus wickedly excited in this country , than that the people of England should see and know their fellow subjects ; should judge how little their dispositions , their character , or their conduct , accord with the representations of their enemies . My lords , I have much to add ; many points highly important to this great question I have left unnoticed ; many unanswerable arguments I have forborne to urge ; but , at so late an hour , I can venture to trouble you no longer . I have answered , I trust conclusively , every particle of objection suggested by the noble earl against the general object of this motion . I have adverted , though very shortly , to some points untouched by him , and in themselves of smaller comparative importance ; but such as prove , beyond the possibility of denial , that these laws must of necessity be revised . Suffer me , in the conclusion of my statement , once more to remind you , that it is to the examination , not to the decision , of these questions , that you are now invited ; and that to this you can not refuse yourselves , without a violation of the public faith plighted to the Catholics at the Union , and a manifest dereliction of your own duty . But let me not , in thus assigning the real limits of this question , disguise to you my own opinion of the conduct which it behoves us to pursue . I am satisfied there is but one result of this examination which can be honourable to yourselves or useful to the empire . We must repeal these disabilities without delay : repeal them not partially but wholly . We must 688 admit our fellow subjects to the full and equal enjoyment of that constitution , which is our inheritance and our boast , the strength of our government , and the security of our people . Do this , my lords , and we may defy the world in arms . This will be our best protection against danger from abroad , and discontent at home ; the strongest bulwark of our establishments , the surest of all safeguards for our Church itself . Let us , at the same time , omit no other article of our public duty ; let us watch with unceasing vigilance over the maintenance of our reformed Church ; protect its rights , uphold its establishments . They are rooted in our affections , and interwoven with our liberties . But let not the councils of Great Britain be polluted by the principles of intolerance , nor her legislature rest her safety on persecution . Disunion is our only real danger . To that object , all the efforts of our enemies are unceasingly directed . It is for us to cherish , in both countries , the seeds of conciliation , the growth of mutual affection ; proving , by our own example to them and to the world , how much above all other policy is the wisdom of liberality and justice . —My lords ; in consequence of what has fallen from the noble baron , who has just sat