Catholics by the Prince of Wales ? To him they looked as to the polar star of their wishes . The day of his accession to the sovereign authority they contemplated as the auspicious era of their entire liberation from the remaining links of those galling chains , under which they bad groaned through so many years 986 of sorrow and degradation . No one can doubt that when this era arrived , the expectation of the Catholics was justly raised to the highest pitch . Unhappily , nothing but the most bitter disappointment has followed , a disappointment without ground or justification . The Catholics had a right to cherish the hopes which they entertained . The opinions of the Prince of Wales towards them had been not only not concealed or disguised , but they had ever been ostentatiously displayed . It would have been an affront to his Royal Highnsss not to have known that he was the protector of the Irish Catholics and the favourer of their claims . His sentiments had been too frequently recorded to be mistaken . Besides , there were so many concurrent circumstances to render it easy for him to carry his professed wishes into execution . The prejudice which had so long and so generally existed against concessions to the Catholics had been so nearly dissipated . The almost unanimous acquiescence of the Protestant community in these claims had been made so manifest—the active benevolence of several ecclesiastics of the Protestant Church , had produced an impression so favourable to the Catholics—the petitions from the Dissenters of all denominations , which I had the honour to present , spoke so strongly in their cause—the acknowledged tranquillity of Ireland afforded an opportunity so advantageous for this act of grace—and the critical situation of the empire at large called so loudly for it—that the Catholics are not liable to the charge of having indulged too fond a hope on the occasion . In this hope they were confirmed by the knowledge , that they had in their favour the opinion of all the persons worthy to be dignified with the appellation of the statesmen in the country , with the exception of two . Alas ! these two , by some unaccountable fatality , have been selected as the ministers of the Regent . At this time the council is presided over , and the treasury administered by the only two men who could have been found to fill those situations , and to vote against the motion of my right hon . friend ! Is it wonderful that those who have any feeling for the honour , for the character , for the future fame of the heir apparent , should deeply regret that in the discharge of the high functions which he is now called on to exercise , he should have placed himself in the hands of men who have avowed themselves to be the strongest opponents 987 of the promises and declarations of the Prince of Wales , and the just hopes and expectations of the Catholics of Ireland ? In vain do we seek for the cause of the choice which his Royal Highness has thought proper to make . Were these persons the early friends of his Royal High-ness 's political life ? By no means . Have they been the participators of his convivial retirement ? Until very recently they have been strangers to him . Have they conciliated his Royal Highness 's affection or esteem ? On the contrary , it is said that one of them has endured the severe reproach of his Royal Highness for the manner in which , by his conduct towards him , both in public and in private , he has sensibly wounded his dignity ; and has not the other been always supposed to be any thing rather than a favourite with his Royal Highness ? Yet into such hands has his Royal Highness consigned the government of this country ; a government the whole influence of which is now exerted against any concession to the Irish Catholics . If , therefore , the result of my