in his comments been a little ungrateful , since no speech that had been delivered could have more benefited him.—He was an enemy to barracks , but if any thing could convince him to think them necessary , it would be the prevalence of such doctrines as he had heard with disgust that night ; and he trusted he should not often see persons in this country appeal from the laws to the mob . observed , that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had declared to the House that he should , in the course of this week , be able to lay upon the table some information respecting the renewal of the Charter of the East India Company . This was the last day of the week , and as he had not yet fulfilled his pledge , he was desirous of knowing whether it was the right hon . gentleman 's intention to persevere in bringing the matter forward during the present session ? answered that since he had last addressed the House upon the subject , some difference of opinion had arisen between the directors of the East India Company and government , which rendered it much more unlikely , that the matter would be brought under discussion this session , than be had had reason to believe would have been the case . A court of proprietors was to be held that day , respecting the difference to which 1152 he alluded , the decision of which he should be able to lay before the House by Monday . He was led to apprehend , however , from some conversations he had held with gentlemen interested in the matter , that the question respecting the renewal of the Charier of the East India Company , could not be brought to a successful issue during the present session . presented a Petition from the weavers and other working manufacturers of the town of Chorley and the neighbourhood there of , setting forth , `` That the petitioners have been , for a long time , labouring under a state of the utmost distress , as the House will easily conceive , on being informed , that whereas the price of the necessaries of life has been nearly doubled since the commencement of hostilities with France in 1793 , the wages of the petitioners are reduced two thirds ; and that , in these afflicting circumstances , the feelings of the petitioners are greatly aggravated by their knowledge , that , whilst their utmost exertions in labour can not save them from starving , vast sums of the public money are bestowed upon individuals , as the salaries of sine- 1157 cure places , that is to say , of places , the holders of which receive wages without performing any work for the same ; and that , in proof of their assertion , that vast sums of money are thus bestowed , selecting a few instances out of a great variety of the same nature , they beg leave to remind the House , that the right honourable George Rose holds the sinecure office of clerk of the parliament , with a salary of 3,278l . per annum ; that the right hon . George lord Arden holds the sinecure offices of register of the high court of admiralty and of register of the high court of appeal for prizes , for which he receives , clear of deductions , 12,554l . per annum ; and that the earl Camden , and the marquis of Buckingham , hold the sinecure offices of tellers of the exchequer , for which offices they receive , the latter 23,093l . the former 23,117l . per annum ; and that the petitioners have , from time to time , been informed of large sums of money being paid out of the public purse to distressed foreigners , on which head , passing by the sums paid as subsidies to the Portuguese and Sicilian courts , to the duke and duchess of Brunswick , and divers other German refugees , they beg leave to call to the