, whether there is one amongst those who oppose this question , — ( and God forbid I should cast imputations upon the honour or integrity of their motives as public men , for I know that there are not in the world more honourable men than many of them ) , yet I ask whether they can face their country and the world , after refusing to enter into the discussion of this great question ? For my own part , I should be the last man to suggest or to support any measure which I conceived injurious to the Protestant establishment . I feel it unnecessary for me to repeat my own conviction , that the maintenance of the Established Church is essential to the safety and to the morals of the community ; and I consider some established religion as necessary to maintain the liberty of the country , and the power , the glory , and the strength of the kingdom.—But , if it is our great duty to preserve a religious establishment , it is a primary duty to preserve that of the Church of England ; but still , this is not our sole duty in our relations to God and man , but as it is connected with other duties ; which is in fact the case with all the duties of civilized society . I take it then as a first principle , from which no man will attempt to depart , that the first great object to be considered in this case is the general tranquillity , safety , happiness , honour , and interest of the whole community . I am convinced of the great fundamental axiom that our public duty must be placed on the broad and strong foundation of the general felicity and security of our empire ; and any power exerted against this principle , would not be vigour , but violence . Violence , 608 in my opinion , is not vigour , but above all , not vigour in support of a religious establishment . In looking to the foundation of such an establishment as this , and in maintaining it afterwards , I must see that it is congenial with the happiness of the people . All these political duties are connected with each other : for what would become of liberty , without submission to the law ? Or what of religion , without charity to man ? and what would become of the duty of man to his country , if he did not maintain and support , as his first duty , its established religion ? Above all , it is our immediate duty to support the Church of England , and , in doing this , it should be our first object to fix its roots in the happiness and attachment of the people , in order that they should be able to contemplate it as perfect in its discipline ; arrayed in dignity ; adorned by learning ; pure and correct in its doctrines ; an object of affection as well as of veneration ; connected with their civil rights ; ameliorating their condition ; and containing nothing hostile to the security and the glory of the empire . My lords ; I will venture to say , there is not one of those venerable prelates who sit opposite to me , ( and I am acquainted with many of them ) who will say , that the safety of the Church consists in a disposition to refuse relief to the oppressions of any part of the people , or that that safety ought not to be maintained with the least of all possible encroachments upon the civil rights and enjoyments of the subject . My lords ; I was anxious to clear the view of the main question by stating these few preliminary and fundamental principles , in which all persons and parties are agreed , before the House comes to their peculiar application to the whole of this question ; in order to relieve the House by the refutation of some principles which had been held out