a spiritual supremacy , they really mean a supremacy both spiritual and temporal . Such are the refinements by which the noble earl justifies the exclusion of millions from the constitution of their country ! Such are his arguments for continuing to subject a whole people to degradation and punishment ! Such have always been the reasonings of every persecutor . It is the inveterate habit of intolerance to impute to the followers of every rival sect , opinions which they disclaim , and to deduce from their tenets conclusions which they utterly deny . Justice and charity on the contrary , give to others the same liberty which we claim for ourselves ; the liberty to form our opinions by the light of our own reason , to adopt , to investigate , to interpret for ourselves the tenets which we embrace , and to be credited in our exposition of them until our own practice shall have proved its insincerity . Your Roman Catholic countrymen are therefore well entitled to belief , when they assure you on their oaths , that they attribute to Popes or councils no temporal authority , that they acknowledge no supremacy in either , except in cases purely 669 spiritual . The noble earl himself admits it , but he objects that this discrimination between spiritual and temporal authority may in practice sometimes be difficult . Legislative provisions , he says , alone define its limits , direct its application , enforce its observance . Be it so . What stronger reasons , I ask you , could he have assigned for acceding to the proposed enquiry ? He puts the cases of excommunication and of marriage . Some dark and unexplained connection he supposes to exist between the right of every sect to exclude from its communion , those who depart from its religious institutions , and the legal authority of the magistrate to punish crimes by disabilities and penalties . Some strange and perilous conflict he foresees , between the religious sanctions of marriage , considered as a sacrament in the Roman Church , and its judicial consequences on the rights and duties of the subject , and on the security and descent of property . In both cases , I believe , his fears have long since been amply refuted by experience . But to discuss these questions here , would be to anticipate the very enquiry which we solicit , and which , for that purpose , as for so many others , the noble earl himself has proved it to be the duty of parliament to institute . One remark only let me make on these points , and it equally applies to both . It is for those who apprehend danger from them , to shew the extent and nature of the evil , and to search out his remedy . For the danger , if it be real , exists at this hour , and can not be augmented by a compliance with these Petitions . Four millions of your subjects are already Catholics ; will these disabilities convert them ? You do not hope it . In their case , as in every other , persecution has served only to counteract its own evil purposes . What security , then , has the noble earl found in these laws against the dangers which he fears from their repeal ? As Catholics , your fellow subjects attribute to their own Church , the power to exclude them from her communion . As Catholics , they require for their marriage , those sanctions which their faith demands . I know not what the state has to apprehend in either case ; but if there be cause or fear , how is it averted by excluding this great population from your civil constitution ? Yet here again I call upon your lordships to examine and enquire . Try whether it be true that there appears in the practice of 670 the Catholics , or lurks in their intention , any desire to extend the interference of their Church one inch beyond the true limits of religious faith .