barracks at Mary-le-bone were to be built on the principle of a depot [ Hear , hear , from sir F. Burdett and other members . ] He did not know what there was in this observation to excite the cheers of the gentlemen opposite . He then argued against the unfairness of the estimate brought forward by the hon . mover of the amendment . When that hon . gentleman made the comparison that he did between the expence of the former barracks and the estimate for the present , it was rather un can did , not to allude even in the most 1144 distant manner to the prices current at both periods . At the former period timber was at 3l . and now it was at 13l . and other articles were nearly in proportion . He concluded his observations with a few remarks on the plan for building the barracks proposed by Mr. Nash . Mr. Nash said , that by a judicious arrangement , a saving of one third might be made ; but what was this arrangement of Mr. Nash , who he allowed to be a man of genius and fancy in his profession , though his talent was not particularly exerted in behalf of the soldiers on this occasion ? why , that all the nuisances belonging to such a place as the barracks were to be in the very midst of the barracks themselves . After saying this , he thought he would be excused from arguing more at length on the judicious arrangement of Mr. John Nash . Mr. Nash was said to be in the habit of building very ornamental houses for gentlemen ; but if he treated gentlemen as he would the soldiers , he could not well account fur his press of business in this ornamental way . spoke in favour of altering and reducing the present estimate . He said that he for one could not agree to vote away any sum at the present moment that could by possibility be avoided . He was convinced there were so many very heavy expences coming upon us from various quarters which must be attended to , that the utmost economy in every department of our expenditure was absolutely necessary ; and he would not do any thing that might give a check to our exertions in the peninsula . If the country was to be burdened with large additional sums , let them be applied to carrying on the war in the peninsula . This was , in his opinion , a very bad time to build expensive barracks when timber was at so high a price : and it might , from various circumstances , be reasonably hoped , that in a short time a great alteration would take place . He was sure there was a very great profusion in the estimate of the present barracks , and he saw no necessity for building the officers ' lodgings in the barracks . having heard it observed , that the officers did not need to be accommodated in the barracks , thought that officers ought always to be lodged along with I the men , otherwise they might easily be intercepted , on any emergency , in going separately from their homes . wished to ask the hon . general , whether the officers of the foot 1145 guards were quartered along with the men ? and whether he had ever heard of any in-convenience having resulted from their not being so quartered ? had to answer the right hon . baronet that it would be much better if they were . observed , that though the valuable lease of 548 acres of Mary-le-bone Park had fallen into the crown within the last year , and there had been no report from the surveyor-general of the laud revenue of the crown since that of Mr. Fordyce , in 1800 , yet that no report had been made this session . This was a breach of the act of the 50th of the King , which directed such reports to be laid be-fore parliament every three