of years that were occupied in the consideration of this subject , and the arrangement of the securities that , in his wisdom , seemed to be best , that the Veto was what he thought would be the most successful ? Was it not the Veto that we were to have , and that we were told was to conciliate the Roman Catholics ? It is said , we might have had the Veto , ( lord Grenville 's long deliberated measure , ) had we not rejected it , but that we can not have it now . We rejected it ! Good heaven ! Sir , gentlemen who assert that , must have only heard their own speeches . They never could have attended to any thing that passed , either in or out of this House , upon the subject . Has it not been rejected by the Roman Catholics themselves ? By those very gentlemen on whose behalf the present motion is made . By those very priests and bishops who are petitioning at your bar . Has not the agent of the Catholic bishops and the Catholic people , Dr. Milner , told you , in 968 terms not to be misunderstood , that he would rather suffer martyrdom than concede the Veto ? Has he not told you that it is a measure hateful to every Catholic ? Does he not tell you that he meant to concede nothing of the kind ? Does he not tell you that the proposition of lord Grenville was a thing , which above all others , no Roman Catholic could at all consent to ? He has told you this , distinctly and unequivocally in his letters ; and yet we are told that it is we who have rejected the Veto ! Perhaps I shall be answered that Dr. Milner is no longer entitled to credit : but be it recollected , that he was thought by them to be worthy of the highest credit , only a very few years ago , and is as much entitled to credit now as he was then . But then . Sir , it will be said , perhaps , that he acted beyond his authority , and without the sanction of those who employed him : that he put himself in a situation in which he had no authority to act , and had stept beyond his instructions . Why certainly the next thing would be , if he had done so , for those who employed him , to dismiss him with reprobation . But so far from that , they have thanked him for his independent and conscientious conduct , in a public solemn resolution . They thank Dr. Milner for the manner in which he conducted himself ; and so far from those bishops who sent him over as their delegate and representative , to express the sentiments of the Roman Catholics ; so far were they from expressing any disapprobation of his conduct , that they thanked him publicly for the renunciation of the Veto , in their own and his own behalf . Besides this , the Roman Catholic bishops communicate this to the meeting of Roman Catholics in Dublin , ( lord French in the chair . ) upon which that meeting enter into resolutions , declaring that they can not consent to accede to the Veto , explained under the circumstances it was ; and every description of Roman Catholics in Ireland joins in declining to accept the Veto , in the manner in which it was proposed . Now , Sir , after we hear bishop Milner thanked for the zeal and judgment with which he discharged his office ; and this , too , after the renunciation of the Veto ; and that renunciation afterwards publicly recognized , it is not a little hard to charge us with rejecting that measure . But , Sir , the hon . gentlemen opposite have another reason why the Veto has 969 been rejected . It is supposed to be so rejected , because the person who has now the