accession , he himself proposed the repeal of those tests : and it was only in consequence of the opposition he experienced , that he found himself under the necessity of giving way to the general voice . But I take this as it stands , it is stated to you by this authority , that in Holland military commands were conferred during a considerable period , upon Roman Catholics , but with great precaution ; and that there would be no danger in giving these commands , because they were under the controul of magistrates . Now , what was the situation of affairs at that time , in the States General of the united provinces ? Why , not only that they were a military power , but that their liberty depended upon the preservation of their military power , in defence of which those very persons signalized themselves in an eminent degree , against Charles 2 of Spain , and Louis H , both Catholic monarchs . Why then , I say , that if king William went so far as this , at that period , invaded as that country then was , by these two powerful monarchs ; if he thought it safe at that time to confer military commands upon his Roman Catholic subjects in Holland opposed to these two great Catholic powers , and if he thought the danger of giving these commissions to Catholics sufficiently guarded against by the controul of the magistrates , I do not think this doctrine of king William will apply against the Catholics of Ireland . And I can not help saying , when I hear the authority of king William quoted for the continuance of these unjust disabilities , or 627 the deprivation of any human being of his liberty , that it reminds me of quoting the Scriptures in justification of the African Slave Trade . Then , all I ask of your lordships is , to compare the alleged dangers with the real dangers , and upon the balance of them to enter into the consideration of the Petitions upon your lordships ' table , and make these concessions , with such securities as the wisdom of the House shall resolve upon . I do not ask of you to subscribe to any declaration of right on their part , or surrender any claims which may be thought ill-founded , as against them : but I ask you , most solemnly and seriously , after a reference to all the impending dangers which surround you , to enter merely into the consideration of this subject . Because , until we enter into its consideration , I can not see how we can be able to lay before you any guard or security to which it may be necessary for us to lay claim , as the foundation of our boon . It is impossible that the question can come to an issue unless you hear what it is the Catholics have to say . As I slated on a former occasion , I still say , that until the temper upon this subject is abated on both sides , we have no chance of a wise and permanent decision . For how is it possible to bring both parties to a temperate consideration , if we refuse to deliberate upon the question . I have heard , on a former occasion , from the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , when a Petition was presented to this House , that the only way to give full and fair consideration to the prayer of the petitioners , was to refer the Petition to a committee . Why then , my lords , I cite the authority of that noble and learned lord , in aid of my present object . To go to a committee means to give consideration . Why then if you do not go to a committee , there is no possibility of giving it a fair consideration . The committee is the place where you may first examine what has been the system Upon which those laws respecting Ireland