part , if not the whole of the money , had been recovered ; but it was as certain , that with respect to many others , but a Very small part had been recovered , and in some , that the whole had been irrecoverably lost . He thought that the public had a right to be put in possession of an accurate detail of what was lost , and what recovered , in each of those instances ; they had , in short , a right to know the actual state of those accounts : it was but justice to the individuals , who had so far lessened the culpability of their conduct by paying up the whole of the deficiency , that the public should know that such individuals had made the best amends within their power ; it was necessary too , that the public should know , what progress had been made , or was making , in the recovery of the sums due , and what was the amount of those sums which were concluded to be irrecoverably lost to the public . These were matters which he thought it became the duty of that House at any time to investigate , more especially in so advanced a period of the life of the present parliament . 372 In the case of general Delancey , the balance due in March , 1806 , amounted to 97,000l . though in the December of 1804 , he had been called upon to make up his accounts . With respect to Mr. Steele , he was glad to learn , that the public were not likely to be a sufferer , but still it was desirable that the public should have authentic evidence of that circumstance . With respect to the case of Boyd , Benfield and Co. he understood that the claims upon the interest of the 100,000l . advanced to them were still in a course of legal proceeding . With respect to Mr. Hunt , the defalcation amounted to 93,000l . he thought it expedient that the public should know how much of that large sum had been as yet recovered , or was considered as irrecoverable . He wished also to know , whether that person 's pension was still continued to him , or whether it had been finally withdrawn ? The case of the Dutch commissioners , of Mr. Villiers of the Marine Pay Office , and of Mr. Charles Barnes , called for investigation , as to each of those particulars . Mr. Chinnery 's defalcation , he understood , had exceeded 80,000l . and that legal advice having been taken by the bail of Mr. Chinnery , they were considered as exonerated , because there had not been due diligence used on the part of Mr. Chinnery 's superiors in office , on the first suspicion upon their parts of the defalcation . The next case had not yet been before the House , it was taken from the 12th Report of the Board of Works of Ireland , and it appeared , that between the years 1796 and 1802 , when the office of Treasurer to the Board of Trade was abolished , the sum of 1,835,000l . had gone into the hands of the Treasurer , and was to that day unaccounted for . The noble lord had been frequently called on to make out his accounts , but the answer uniformly was , that the accounts were in a state of preparation . This was one of the many cases that shewed the necessity of the motion with which he should now conclude . The right hon . baronet then moved , '' That it be an instruction to the Committee appointed to examine and consider what regulations and checks have been established in order to controul the several branches of the public expenditure in Great Britain and Ireland , and how far the same have been effectual ; and what further measures can be adopted for reducing any part of the said expenditure , or diminishing the amount of salaries and emoluments , without detriment