resulted to the political interests of the empire from the depression and ignorance , the degradation and misery , of so large a portion of its inhabitants . Yet to this policy the noble earl 's advice mast inevitably compel you to revert . To remain as you are , is manifestly impossible . If you listen to the advocates of civil and religious freedom , if you believe that in 681 liberality and justice will invariably be found the best securities against discontent and disaffection , complete the work of emancipation , which you have already successfully commenced . If , on the contrary , you resign yourselves to the guidance of the noble earl , and of his colleagues , resolve to act consistently with the principles of their advice . Guard yourselves by new securities against a people whom they pronounce irreconcilably hostile to your government : recall those improvident concessions which have placed these your eternal enemies nearly on a level with your peaceful and loyal subjects . Arm yourselves with fresh severity against them ; aggravate your former tyranny in Ireland , and re-duce , if you can once more reduce , that flourishing portion of your empire to helpless dependence and irremediable oppression . This great question can no longer be evaded : the period of procrastination , the hour of delusion , is past . It is to you that this much injured people must now look : you must decide between these two conflicting systems . If not from sentiment or reason , judge them by experience . Review the past history of Ireland , and examine her actual condition . It is now about thirty years since she began , slowly wise , and hesitatingly just , to mitigate her code of persecution : and every step in that direction has led her on to national independence and public prosperity . Of the earlier relaxations of her penal laws it is enough to say , that their benefit , not to her only , but also to yourselves , was more than commensurate with their extent . In 1793 , concessions were made in a more enlightened spirit , and with a more liberal hand . It was then that the Catholics of Ireland were first admitted , however imperfectly , to your political constitution : and it is one of the most gratifying recollections of my mind , one of the proudest distinctions of my life , to have contributed largely to the adoption of that auspicious resolution in the British cabinet . We owe to it , ( I am not afraid to assert it broadly ) we owe to it the means of our resistance to that yoke , under which all else in Europe has been compelled to bow . The noble earl , while he condemns the principle of those concessions , and laments their extent , yet with admirable consistency has blamed their authors for not having rendered them more uniform and systematical . I appeal to those who remember 682 the transactions of that day , and the spirit which ruled in Ireland . Greater concession I should then willingly have advised , had greater concessions then been practicable . To have insisted on more would have endangered the whole . But I admit that the last and most important privilege , the share in legislative power , could be granted only in an united parliament . Of the Union it was the natural and inevitable consequence : a consequence always foreseen by me , and which I have invariably considered as one of the greatest recommendations of that salutary measure . Would to heaven we had availed ourselves of that best and most auspicious opportunity ! When the long wished for Union of these kingdoms , then recently established by law , might in the same moment have been cemented by mutual affection , and made indissoluble by reciprocal advantage . When the Protestant might have been taught to regard it as the main bulwark of his establishment , the Catholic as the sole charter of his emancipation . Ireland had then newly