of the Bank had last session represented himself as entertaining considerable objections to the measure of a legal tender , and he should be now 11 happy to learn that the hon . gentleman remained unaltered in his opinion . He was aware that by the employment of certain arts , and by certain means , almost the whole of the commercial interest had been taught to believe , that their prosperity was essentially connected with the present system of Bank issues . He knew that ail this might be urged again , and that he might easily be described as a person who wished to destroy the credit of the country . He should , however , have no recourse to argument on the present question , because he believed that all argument upon it had been exhausted last session by several of his friends about him , and particularly by one hon . and learned gentleman whom he did not then see in his place ( Mr. Horner ) . `` Let the right hon . gentleman then , '' said Mr. Tierney , take all the responsibility of this proceeding to himself ' , he is known to plume himself upon his stoutness , and his contempt of majorities or minorities , and he has this day given a pretty good earnest of it . I believe that no other minister would have dared to come down to this House and propose to make the promissory notes of a corporate commercial body a legal tender . Let the right hon . gentleman then continue to advise only with his faithful directors , I shall give him no further opposition , because I believe it to be utterly useless . I shall therefore conclude by declaring before God , that I speak not from the influence of party views when I lay my hand upon my heart , and express it as the settled conviction of my mind , that the measure now proposed will operate to blast for ever the credit of the Bank , and the financial security of the country , and I sit down solemnly protesting against it accordingly . '' said , in explanation , that there was a substantial distinction between compelling the acceptance of notes as a legal tender , and making them a legal tender into court . ridiculed the distinction drawn by the noble lord , which , he contended , amounted to nothing . had never supposed that the opposition made by the right hon . gentleman , or those who acted with him , was for the purpose of destroying the credit of the country , but he had conceived that the enlightened policy , as it was called , proposed by them would , if adopted , have proved ruinous and ineffectual.—With respect to the charge of stoutness and disregard of being in a ma- 12 jority or a minority , made against him by the right hon . gentleman , he could assure him that he was far from feeling so indifferent as he was represented to be , on that point . In the measures he proposed , he was actuated by a strong conviction of their being such as were approved of by the great majority of the feeling and sense of live country as well as of parliament ; and the right hon . gentleman himself had been obliged to confess that he was aware the measure was so popular , while be protested against it , that he knew it was in vain for him to oppose it , though he attributed this popularity to the impositions practised on the country by artful and designing men . It was rather a singular way of supporting his argument , for the right hon . gentleman to confess that the entire mercantile body of the country was against him He really conceived that they were as likely to form a true estimate of their own interests as the right hon . gentleman . He no doubt felt some pain in proposing this measure , but he must be a hardy politician , indeed