for a similar mark of approbation . In fact , the power of granting permanent rewards , tended to diminish rather than to increase the hurtful influence of the crown . ( Hear , hear ! ) To those gentlemen who seemed to receive this with something more than doubt , he would say , that the sentiment was borrowed from Mr. Fox 's Speech on the Teller 's Bill in 1782 . It created independent men , whereas the hon . gentleman 's system , making place the only channel through which to obtain reward , created a great inducement to side with the government of the day . It was an encouragement to take office under any circumstances , and discouragement to re- 1167 signing it upon public grounds . It was an inducement to desert party , thought to be so necessary in that House ; the gentlemen opposite probably thought there might be much merit in opposing ministers ; and certainly , it was as fit to promote the removal of evil counsellors , as to encourage good counsellors . And supposing the sovereign , after a long struggle , to be convinced of the rectitude of the conduct of a new set of ministers , he could . Tinder the present system , reward them for the services which they rendered him in removing the old . He trusted that the right hon . gentlemen opposite would experience this—some time hence . ( A laugh . ) But under this Bill , if there was any man among them who had left them , and joined for the sake of a place those whom they had opposed , he would be entitled to reward , and they to none . He should be told , that among those to whom sinecures had under the present system been given , he should have named another class , namely , those who were obviously unworthy . He believed that this class had not been numerous , and he was sure that it was daily becoming less so . If this Bill passed , it would be difficult to refuse the pension to any person upon whom it might lawfully be conferred , with his act of parliament in his hand ; but under the present system , and particularly , with reference to the state of the public mind , when instruction , as it were , was accumulating , under the new plans of education , at compound interest , no violent abuse could lake place ; there would be much more real and hurtful abuse , profusion , and undue influence under the present Bill . Mr. C. was anxious to make further observations upon other parts of the subject , but having already detained the House so much longer than was his usual practice , he would postpone them to a future stage . urged as a motive to adopt the Bill , the disappointment which would be felt by the people at large , if after the expectations held out to them , some measure of this kind should not be adopted . There was no reason to think , that this measure would prove less popular in Scotland than in England . It appeared to him , that if there were defects in the Bill it was the duly of those who pointed them out to have assisted in amending them in the Committee , and not to bring them forward for the purpose of getting rid of the Bill altogether . The 1168 House had now been receiving Reports from the Finance Committee for three years , they had affected great anxiety concerning them , and now in a year when the national expenditure would probably hardly fall short of a hundred millions , they were called on by the hon . gentlemen opposite , to reject the Bill before them , because there were certain imperfections to be found in particular parts of it . Seeing , as he did , that this was the true object of those who opposed it , he should feel ashamed to discuss the