of the country was not only equal , but five times greater than at the present moment ? Yet his Majesty ( unquestionably the most diligent sovereign the country ever possessed ) discharged all the duties connected with his station in person , unassisted , and alone . What however was to be inferred from the argument of the necessity of the appointment ? Why , that it was to be perpetual , that it was to be a permanent office . Every future sovereign might claim the same privilege , if the precedent were established ; and in that case , if such an officer was to carry on all the confidential communications between the King and his ministers , it became additionally important that parliament should interfere , and see that proper guards , and a proper degree of controul and security were provided for the execution of the office . In support of the necessity of this , he would beg the House to look a little to the future . We were not always to suppose that a prince would succeed to the throne in the same maturity of age as the present ruler ; we might have , at no very distant day , a female there , totally inexperienced in public affairs ; we might have a monarch whose debilitated frame would render assistance of that kind dangerous , or one whose love of indolence , whose abhorrence of public duty , would dispose him equally to employ it : what then ? Would that private secretary have no influence upon the government , under such circumstances ? Was it not likely that the sovereign would sometimes lean upon the suggestions , or the opinions of that secretary ? It was not in the course of human affairs ; it was not in the nature of things but that such an officer must be an efficient and powerful instrument in the administration . 351 It became , therefore , the duty of parliament to enquire rigidly into the nature and the duties of an office so replete with danger to the constitution . The right hon . gentleman talked about exterior and interior cabinets , and described the sentiments of those who maintained their existence , as a sort of political opposition cant ; as the discontented cry of gentlemen out of office who would be very glad to get in . All that might be true with regard to the present moment ; but , would he pretend to say , looking into the history of the last century , that no such secret influence had existed in this country ; would he affirm that ministers had always acted free from the influence , free from the secret wishes of an interior cabinet ? He believed the right hon . gentleman would not say that , for he knew it was not the truth : he knew that there had been such unseen influence , and that there might be again an interior and an exterior cabinet . With such a conviction on his mind , he felt justified in calling upon the House to support the motion of his hon . friend ; he wished to see the authority under which colonel M'Mahon acted ; he wished to know what were his duties , what his responsibility , what the precise nature of his office . He was aware that the Treasury minute would shew that he was to have 2,000l . a year ; but he wanted to ascertain what instructions he received—under what patent or other instrument he acted . The more the House looked at the question , the more , he was convinced , they must feel its importance , notwithstanding the levity with which the right hon . gentleman had treated it—a levity which , he really believed , in his sober judgment he disclaimed . For himself , he condemned the appointment prima facie ; but before he condemned it by his vote , he should like to have some better evidence before him . He should like to know precisely for what purposes colonel M'Mahon