did not fall upon the King , but upon the servants of the crown , and sorely with all the assistance which they derived in their several departments , they might so arrange the papers which had to receive his Majesty 's final sanction , as to render it unnecessary that they should go through the hands of a private secretary . It was impossible to surmise to what extent such an office might lead ; or how far ministers might surrender their right of access to the sovereign , when an intermediate channel of communication was interposed . It was said that the office was not a state one ; but who knew how soon it might become such ? or how soon a king might sit upon the throne , who would delegate to his private secretary what ought to be the peculiar functions of the chief magistrate ? Might not an indolent monarch , one disinclined to public business , hand over to that secretary an unread paper , and bid him answer it according to his own judgment ? When the evils which might spring from such a source were contemplated , he would ask the House if they could be induced to sanction such an appointment ? Viewing the question therefore as one of great importance , he should vote in support of the motion . declared his readiness to look at this question in every point of view , but that he was utterly unable to see any thing of that alarming nature , or of those dangerous consequences apprehended by his hon . friends . He had often heard that to be placed at the head of the government was a situation of great labour and hardship ; but it would indeed be a situation of hardship if the sovereign was to be denied that assistance which was possessed by every one of his ministers . He was surprised to hear alarm carried to such an extravagant length as to suppose 354 that colonel M'Mahon might become the real prime minister . Had they not seen colonel Taylor holding the same office , and exercising the same functions for seven years without any danger to the state , or injury to its interest ? Had they seen him usurp any of the kingly powers , or endanger any of the royal authorities ? No—but now that another person was introduced to the same office , and that the Prince Regent sat on the throne , all these magnified and imaginary perils were brought in dreadful array before them . He begged the House to pause and look at the question through the medium of common sense . What was col. M'Mahon to do , but what col. Taylor had done before ? The business of col. M'Mahon , as secretary , was to examine and transmit papers ; and was it possible in the multiplicity of affairs that pressed on government at present , that any monarch could act without some such assistance ? The secretaries of state had their private secretaries , and could it be fairly called unconstitutional , because king William and king George the 1st and king George the 2nd did not require such an officer , when the fatigues of the sovereign were comparatively so trifling ? If the Prince should be ill advised , there were responsible persons , but he could not consider it consistent with the nature of his office in a private secretary to give advice to his master . He thought that an importance was attached to the subject much greater than it deserved , and as the motion was evidently intended to censure and reverse the appointment which he deemed useful and indispensable , he should vote against it . —Sir , this is a new æra indeed . This it seems is a period when early friendships come to be naturally sacrificed . If on entering this House I had happened to hear the voice of my honourable friend who has just sat down , I would have hazarded any wager that he was raising it in support of the motion