The question has not been submitted to us in such a shape as to entitle us to look at it in that form . I mean as to the distinctions or differences that there may be between the religious opinions of the Protestant and the Roman Catholic . I do not attempt to follow those distinctions , because I do not consider them to be consistently any part of our deliberation ; I shall therefore leave it altogether out of my view . I shall then consider it as a mere question of policy and expediency . In the first place I deny strongly that it is a question of right ; and I think that 962 in this denial , most of those who have argued upon the subject , either on former nights or this , concur . It has , however , been urged , on the other side , in a great measure , as a question of right : but though they do it , I must think , that great part of their argument is ill founded , unless they assume that there is a great deal of right at the bottom of the question . If they mean to represent that the Roman Catholics of Ireland are in a state of slavery , and ground down by tyranny under the present system of laws , one may then consider it as a question of right with reference to the law of nature . How they can come to the conclusion without considering this subject , —without reference to the institutions of civilized society as a question in the nature of a right , seems to me a very difficult matter ; for if it is a question of right , it is founded upon that to which all men have justly a claim in civil society . If the question came in that form , no man can doubt the necessity of enquiry into it , or can doubl the justice of extending relief to the parties aggrieved . The question in that shape would be clear and comprehensible . But I utterly deny the proposition here contended for , the Catholics have no positive and natural right to that which has no existence but in a state of society ; that can not be an object of natural right which is purely the creature of society . Such for instance as offices of state , emoluments , and distinctions , and other social institutions which spring from the foundation of society . These can never be matters of inherent right ; and no man can have any original or primitive claim upon them . These are benefits and advantages which must of necessity , be distributed according to the views of the institution that creates them . They can be only received by the members of society , according to the terms and forms which the law makes it necessary for them to conform to ; and therefore , in that point of view , it is undeniable , that the Catholics of Ireland have no ground to demand as right , that which is the object of the present government to refuse to concede . The hon . gentleman who spoke lately , on the other side of the House , seemed to think that there was some question of right attending the subject . He conceived that where there was a majority of the population of any country excluded from power by reason of their religious tenets or other disabilities , they were entitled , by virtue 963 of that majority , to power , in preference to the minority . I really do not know what he meant to infer from this argument , whether he meant that the majority was intitled to toleration of their religious opinions , merely , I know not . But if he meant to go the length of contending that they were entitled to situations of power in the constitution of the country for the same reason ; I completely deny and deprecate his argument . Is it possible that the right hon