were parts of that amendment to which he certainly objected . said , that if the subject before the House were dispassionately considered , it was impossible that any difficulty or breach of order could attend the discussion . Although ministers , upon a former day , had refused to acknowledge the authenticity of the Letter in question , the noble earl behind him had acknowledged having received it , and had admitted the authenticity of the answer , as printed in every newspaper of the day , which he had sent to the Letter so received by him . It was , therefore , trifling with the subject to deny the fact , and absurd in the extreme to connect the comment on it with any breach of rule and order . It must be taken by the House to be the Letter of the Prince 's responsible advisers , and , in fact , it bore the intrinsic mark of having proceeded from them.—It was the acknowledgment of their weakness to stand alone , and the use of the Prince 's authority to strengthen them whilst they stood on the vantage ground of office . But giving the Letter the most liberal interpretation , it was an invitation to lords Grenville and Grey to unite with them in forming an administration . On the subject of order , he was sure he should not be interrupted by the noble lord on the woolsack for saying how happy he should have been , and ever should be , to manifest his attachment to the Prince , as the Lord Chancellor had frequently with great feeling expressed his attachment to the King . Lord Erskine said , he stood in a relation to the Prince which belonged to few others in the House . He had been in his service for thirty years , and had received many marks of kindness and confidence from his Royal Highness , and as he considered steadiness in friendship and attachment to be the source of all honour and usefulness , public and private , he was anxious to explain why it was not in his power , consistently with the attachment he must ever retain for the Prince , nor with his duty to his country , to give the smallest support to the present I administration . 63 The Letter pointed to an union with those now in office , whilst they differed in all the points which vitally affected the state . Now , notwithstanding all that had been said and written against coalitions , no such union had ever taken place as had lately been rejected . The union between Mr. Fox and lord North was of an entirely different character . The grand political difference between these statesmen , and their supporters in Parliament , was on the subject of America , before and during the continuance of the fatal war of separation . Mr. Fox contended for a system of conciliation—Lord North for a system of coercion . And surely it was a dreadful consideration , that Mr. Burke 's immortal orations were made to empty benches ; and great majorities of both Houses then voted propositions , which a man would now be consigned to Bedlam for supporting . Whilst such a difference prevailed , would it have been possible to have formed a union between lord North and Mr. Fox ? —No : it never was even proposed until the administration was dissolved , and it was not until the act of American independence , when every question concerning our policy towards that country was at an end , that the union took place . Mr. Fox then thought that he owed it to the country to use the only means which were then practicable to give effect and influence to his principles and opinions—but this union produced great jealousy and suspicion in the minds of many , and that impression on the public mind ought to inspire the greatest caution in public men on the subject of such unions . No united government could become strong , however pure and upright the principle of union