, justice , and common-sense , can urge against the delusions of their absurd delirium . These are the persons who re verse the fable of the mountain that brought forth a mouse , they are the mice who conceive themselves in labour with mountains . To return to the Catholics . Suppose the Irish were actually contented under their disabilities , suppose them capable of such a bull as not to desire deliverance , ought we not to wish it for ourselves ? Have we nothing to gain by their emancipation ? What resources have been wasted ? what talents have been lost by the selfish system of exclusion ? You already know the value of Irish and ; at this moment the defence of England is entrusted to the Irish militia ; at this moment , while the starving people are rising in the fierceness of despair , the Irish are faithful to their trust . But till equal energy is imparted through out by the extension of freedom , you can not enjoy the full benefit of the strength which you are glad to interpose between you and destruction . Ireland has done much , but will do more . At this moment , the only triumph obtained through long years of continental disaster has been achieved by an Irish general ; it is true he is not a Catholic , had he been so , we should have been deprived of his exertions , but I presume no one will assert that his religion would have impaired his talents or diminished his patriotism , though in that case he must have conquered in the ranks , for he never could have commanded an army . But he is fighting the battles of the Catholics abroad , his noble brother has this night advocated their cause , with an eloquence which I shall not depreciate by the humble tribute of my panegyric , whilst a third of his kindred , as unlike as unequal , has been combating against his Catholic brethren in Dublin , with circular letters , edicts , proclamations , arrests and dispersions—all the vexatious implements of petty warfare that could be wielded by the mercenary guerillas of government , clad in the rusty armour of their obsolete statutes . Your lordships will , doubtless , divide new honours between the Saviour of Portugal , and the Disperser of Delegates . 651 It is singular , indeed , to observe the difference between our foreign and domestic policy ; if Catholic Spain , faithful Portugal , or the no less Catholic and faithful king of the one Sicily ( of which , by the bye , you have lately deprived him ) stand in need of succour , away goes a fleet and an army , an ambassador and a subsidy , sometimes to fight pretty hardly , generally to negociate very badly , and always to pay very dearly for our Popish allies . But let four millions of fellow subjects pray for relief , who fight and pay and labour in your behalf , they must be treated as aliens , and although their father 's house has many mansions '' there is no resting place for them . Allow me to ask , are you not fighting for the emancipation of Ferdinand 7 , who certainly is a fool , and consequently , in all probability , a bigot ; and have you more regard for a foreign sovereign than your own fellow subjects , who are not fools , for they know your interest better than you know your own ; who are not bigots , for they return you good for evil , but who are in worse durance than the prison of an usurper , inasmuch as the fetters of the mind are more galling than those of the body . Upon the consequences of your not acceding to the claims of the Petitioners , I shall not expatiate , you know them , you will feel them , and your children 's children when you are passed away . Adieu lo that Union so called as Lucus