878 threaten both Church and State , when they would persuade you to accede to the demands of the petitioners . Now , Sir , that this is a most important subject there can be no doubt , but it appears to me from the view of every part of the question , and from every enquiry I have made upon it , that we who happen to differ from the right hon . gentleman , may hope , without being denominated `` Protestant Bigots '' ( a term applied to those of the same way of thinking with myself ) —that we may be permitted to doubt—to hesitate , and to oppose a barrier where we doubt , notwithstanding all that has been said , before we depart from the fundamental laws of the realm . I confess I was surprized last night to hear it stated , that the proposition now before the House had nothing to do with the fundamental law of the land ; and I was asked what the essential laws were ? And I was also much surprized to hear , that the same thing had been repeated in another place . It has also been slated , that there was not one word in the Bill of Rights relative to the Catholic religion . Now , without going any farther , I must beg leave to read some of the Articles of the Bill of Rights in order to prove this assertion to be totally false . I admit that there is no-thing ; in that Bill about the Roman Catholics until it comes to the enacting part , which is as follows : `` And that whereas it has been found by experience that it is inconsistent with the safety and welfare of this Protestant Kingdom that it should be governed by any king or kings of the Popish faith . '' And it then enacts that princes of that persuasion shall be excluded from the crown , and absolves all their subjects from allegiance to them . Princes and princesses of this kingdom were also forbidden from intermarrying with Papists . This , Sir , is what the Bill of Rights says . Now , Sir , can any man deny that it is a settled maxim of the law of this realm , that we , as Protestants , must be governed by a Protestant king , and that you must consider , that to dissent from this maxim is inconsistent with the safety and the happiness of this country . Another clause of the same Bill goes to exclude Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament . I admit that according to the terms of the Act of Union , the oath there prescribed to be taken by members of parliament is liable to be hereafter altered . There are undoubtedly those words in that 879 act . But I apprehend those words were not necessarily introduced to enable parliament to alter the oath whenever it should appear necessary , for I do not go the length of saying , that the Act of Union with Ireland was a barrier to the House doing any thing with regard to the Roman Catholics when they thould think fit so to do : but all I contend for is , that the established law of the realm is , that Papistsare rot to govern this country : and that therefore the measure now brought forward , and the proposition suggested , must have the effect , if carried , of making parliament subservient to the purpose of overturning of the constitution , and to enable the King to chuse Popish ministers . Now , Sir , that is a most material and serious consideration , and it is a matter for the admissibility of which the onus probandi must lie upon those who contend for it , or to shew that it can be adopted with safety . I therefore claim the right of doubting upon this question ; because all I say is , that before we agree to make this alteration , we ought to be satisfied that