present occa- 1074 sion , concurring as he did for the first time , and probably for the last , with the right hon . gentleman who made the motion . He had also to offer his humble thanks to the right hon . gentleman the Speaker , for permitting him to speak on this occasion ; a permission , by the bye , which he was unfortunate enough to be unable to obtain during a late important debate , when he was most anxious to deliver his sentiments . He repeated that he was most happy to concur in the present motion of the right hon . gentleman , because it was a grateful duty to add his weak praises to the general voice of applause , because nothing could give him more pleasure than to speak the eulogy of many dear friends and countrymen who had fallen on this glorious occasion . He agreed with the gallant admiral that the motion did not go far enough . He would not attempt to recapitulate the exploits , or to count the glories of lord Wellington : they were known to his country—they were felt by Europe—they were bright before the world , and would retain a splendour lasting to all time . It was sufficient to say , that he had been victorious wherever honour and his country called him ; and that , like Marlborough , he had never been beaten . To no general was lord Wellington second , and almost all had he surpassed . Was it not therefore right , that this conspicuous man , —this man so gifted by nature , and so favoured by fortune—should by his country be pre-eminently distinguished ? Was it not right that his gallant array , of whom he was not more the commander , than the father and the friend , should through him be magnificently rewarded ? To this army , which so adored and idolized their `` commander , the country owed much ; and how could that debt better be discharged than by dignifying to the utmost extent that commander ? He would recommend the same measures to be adopted towards lord Wellington , as had been taken with respect to lord Nelson . The navy felt itself identified with lord Nelson ; and the army would , he was sure , feel itself raised by every elevation of their chief . It was a source of considerable satisfaction to himself , that about 20 years ago , he had served in the same regiment with lord Wellington ; and the noble lord had since gained no victory in which he did not sympathise , nor gathered a laurel for his brow which he did not delight to see him wear . But there was a trait in the character of 1075 lord Wellington which ought not to be hidden from the public sight . When he quitted his military pursuits , and retired to his native country in a civil capacity , it was highly to his honour to say , that though he differed in politics from the majority of his countrymen , he was universally beloved . The frankness of his disposition , and the openness of his heart , recommended him to the unsophisticated simplicity and the generous feelings of his countrymen ; and when he gave up his civil situation , it ought to be remembered , that he did not load himself with sinecures as the price of his services , —that he had no 1,500l . a year bestowed upon him , —that he never got places abolished while others possessed them , and afterwards had these places re-established for the purpose of filling them himself . It ought to be remembered , that he did none of these things ; but be knew a Secretary of Ireland who was not altogether so scrupulous , —a Secretary whose whole life had been a scene of political servility ; —a Secretary , who— here called the hon . general to order ; and insisted , that in deviating to the abuse of any member , he was departing