of the empire . In some recent instances those persons have differed from the right hon . gentleman , and over-ruled his measures . Let them on this most momentous and critical occasion interpose between the minister and the crown for the preservation of the crown ; for the security of the Church , which is inseparable from the safety of the State ; for ensuring to us the full and effective physical strength of the empire in that awful contest in which we are engaged , and on the issue of which depends whatever is most dear and valuable to us in social life , the honour , the glory , the rights , the liberties , and for what I know—the very name of the country . If my right hon . friend 's motion should be negatived , its rejection will amount to a refusal to consider the question . By inquiry the House would not pledge itself to any specific measure . Those , it such there be , who may think that the penal code should be retained , those who may be of opinion that part only of the desired relief should be afforded , are surely as much required to vote for a committee as those who are for concession in its full extent . Something we must do : some movement we must make : our present position , it is my clear and firm couviction , we can not long retain . —Sir ; not having had an opportunity before now of stating my opinion upon this subject , I take the liberty of rising now , professing ray intention , sincerely , not to occupy the attention of the House for any considerable length of time . The subject has been so frequently discussed , and the arguments on this side of the House so ably and eloquently urged , that I have not the vanity to think I can give any novel feature to the debate . And therefore , what I shall say in delivering my sentiments , will be merely to justify me to myself , with the consciousness of having done my duty . The right hon . gentleman who spoke last has delivered himself with a temper and moderation which I could have wished was more generally observed upon discussions of this subject . Certainly his example on this occasion is well worthy of imitation , not merely on this question , but upon every question connected with Ireland : and although I have the misfortune to differ from him in opinion , I certainly can not but agree , that the deliberations upon this motion should be such as might tend to the tranquillity and happiness of the country : and in my mind , though the assent of the House to this motion would not be attended with any particular good , yet the question should be considered with every feeling of tenderness and forbearance towards our Catholic brethren . And I confess , could I see this question in the same point of view that it has been argued on the other side of the House , I should be but too happy to give ray vote for it . The right hon . gentleman has stated in the concluding part of his speech , that which I think was not of a piece with the greater part of it , when he supposed that those who had the misfortune to differ from him were labouring under a cloud of prejudice—and when he called upon the House to get from under that cloud and interpose between the crown and ministers on behalf of parliament for the purpose of setting this matter at rest : now whether or not we are under such a cloud , must depend upon a consideration of the arguments adduced by the right hon . gentleman and those who support this question ; because that consideration will not only decide the matter , with respect to us , —but whether they are not themselves under a cloud , and their eyes are not blinded to those dangers which