resistance , decided and formidable , from those who have created the mischief , or nursed and brought it to maturity , and who are themselves the great grievance of which we complain . If by such a combination , our best efforts should be defeated for a time , it to the returning wisdom and justice of parliament , that the Catholics are still to look for ultimate and sure redress . Persevering with unabated ardour in the pursuit of this their claim of right , I would bid them beware of the suggestions of intemperate counsellors , or of yielding too much to the guidance of their own justly roused and irritated feelings ; I would say to them in a voice to which they have been accustomed to hearken without distrust— `` Brave and much injured countrymen , do not take counsel from despair ; continue to confide in the unquenchable energies of the British constitution ; of which you are the joint inheritors with ourselves , and , which all the corruptions of the government have been insufficient to extinguish , the guardians of your rights and privileges are at their post . Except in one solitary instance , the firm phalanx of the friends of the people remains unbroken . 529 Office and emolument , —power and honours the most distinguished , have been proffered in vain , as the price of political inconstancy , and of a disgraceful connection with the present administration ; formed under auspices the most odious and disgusting , and whose watchwords are , intolerance and religious war . Even the Garter itself , that high and eminent distinction , has been put away ; —as ceasing to be an object of honourable ambition ; under the degrading colour of these disastrous times . The Catholic cause , and the cause of the British empire have been loudly proclaimed , by all our great constitutional leaders , to be one and the same . Eternal hostility has been sworn , against your calumniators and oppressors , upon the altar of our common country . The minions of the court have been dragged from behind the throne , and exposed to the view of an insulted public , and the whole system of misrule , by which this devoted empire is oppressed and goaded , has been denounced to this House by a noble friend of mine * —in a strain of masculine and indignant eloquence , which , if equalled at any time , has never been exceeded within these walls . That clumsy combination of vice and bigotry , from which you are now seeking for a deliverance—on your own part , and on that of the suffering community , —is composed of materials so wretched in themselves , and held together by a cement , which has in its nature , so little of what is permanent , or binding , that the whole pile exhibits , now almost at the moment of its construction , the obvious principle of decay—and , assuredly , can not long continue to interpose itself , between the representative of the sovereign power , and the best interests of the people . '' My lords ; I will not permit myself to doubt of the salvation of my country—encompassed though it is , by difficulties and dangers on every side ; and , that there is yet in store , for this united kingdom , a long and bright train of prosperity and of glory . Animated by this consoling hope , I will still continue to recommend patience to my calumniated and oppressed countrymen ; for the hour of their deliverance can not be far removed . My lords , I have done—and have only to express my acknowledgments , for * Earl Grey , on lord Boringdon 's motion . See p. so . 530 the attention with which I have been honoured , during so long a trespass upon your lordships ' time ; and humbly to move you , That a Committee be appointed to take into consideration the laws , imposing civil disabilities , on his Majesty