a non lucendo , '' an Union from never uniting , which in its first operation gave a deathblow to the independence of Ireland , and in its last may be the cause of her eternal separation from this country . If it must be called an Union , it is the union of the shark with his prey , the spoiler swallows up his victim , and thus they become one and indivisible . Thus has Great Britain swallowed up the parliament , the constitution , the independence of Ireland , and refuses to disgorge even a single privilege , although for the relief of her swollen and distempered body politic . And now , my lords , before I sit down , will his Majesty 's ministers permit me to say a few words , not on their merits , for that would be superfluous , but on the degree of estimation in which they are held by the people of these realms . The esteem in which they are held has been boasted of in a triumphant tone on a late occasion within these walls , and a comparison instituted between their conduct , and that of noble lords on this side of the House . 652 What portion of popularity may have fallen to the share of my noble friends ( if such I may presume to call them ) I shall not pretend to ascertain ; but that of his Majesty 's ministers it were vain to deny . It is , to be sure , a little like the wind , no one knows whence it cometh or whither it goeth , '' but they feel it , they enjoy it , they boast of it . Indeed , modest and unostentatious as they are , to what part of the kingdom , even the most remote , can they flee to avoid the triumph which pursues them . If they plunge into the midland counties , there will they be greeted by the manufacturers , with spurned petitions in their hands , and those halters round their necks recently voted in their behalf , imploring blessings on the heads of those who so simply , yet ingeniously , contrived to remove them from their miseries in this to a better world . If they journey on to Scotland , from Glasgow to Johnny Groat 's , every where will they receive similar marks of approbation ? If they take a trip from Portpatrick to Do-naghadee , there will they rush at once into the embraces of four Catholic millions , to whom their vote of this night is about to endear them for ever . When they return to the metropolis , if they can pass under Temple Bar without unpleasant sensations at the sight of the greedy niches over that ominous gateway , they can not escape the acclamations of the livery , and the more tremulous , but not less sincere , applause , the blessings `` not loud but deep '' of bankrupt merchants and doubting stock-holders . If they look to the army , what wreaths , not of laurel , but of night-shade , are preparing , for the heroes of Walcheren . It is true there are few living deponents left to testify to their merits on that occasion ; but a 'cloud of 'witnesses ' are gone above from that gallant army which they so generously and piously dispatched , to recruit the `` noble army of martyrs . '' What if in the course of this triumphal career , ( in which they will gather as many pebbles as Caligula 's army did on a similar triumph , the prototype of their own ) they do not perceive any of those memorials which a grateful people erect in honour of their benefactors ; what although not even a sign-post will condescend to depose the Saracen 's head in favour of the likeness of the conquerors of Walcheren , they will not want a picture who can always have a caricature ; or regret the omission of a statue who will so often see themselves 653