the principle which the noble lord , both on the present occasion , and upon various other occasions , has laid down as the foundation of his reasoning upon this subject , namely , that every restraint , civil , political , or religious , is to be considered as an evil in itself , and justified only by necessity . We , therefore , have only ' to consider , whether the balance of advantages resulting from the continuance of a system of restraint and exclusion , would be the same if it was removed , and decided accordingly : this , therefore , brings the question immediately to its fair and natural issue . But there is another principle connected with this to which the noble lord has alluded , but upon which he will give me leave to say , he has fallen into some mistake . I mean that the tests that are imposed , by bearing harder on some particular classes of his Majesty 's subjects , are , as the noble lord contends , to be considered as an evil . Now , I think it material to say , that in any view in which I have understood that argument , it has not been stated , and never was understood in the sense wherein the noble lord puts it . It was understood , in the consideration of this question , rather as controuling the general principle to which he referred , namely , that there was not in the constitution of this country , any exact and direct principle of exclusion turned entirely upon the tests , which the legislature had imposed . I admit that an indirect exclusion may be as urgent under certain circumstances as a direct exclusion ; but , I think , it is material , with a view of unravelling the argument , that it should be understood that it is not upon any principle of direct expulsion that the Catholics are excluded , but the indirect operation of tests . And 630 the question for your lordships now to determine is , whether these tests are not indispensible to the security of your establishment in church and state ; and whether they do , or do not boar with greater severity upon particular classes of his Majesty 's subjects ? upon this question it may be necessary to descend lo soma particularity . Undoubtedly , the first consideration that presents itself to our minds is the difference between the tests in different parts of the kingdom . In England we have tests in corporations , and tests taken by persons holding offices , civil or military , according to act of parliament , and certainty any difference that may exist between the test imposed upon the Catholics in England and those of Ireland , I have no difficulty in declaring my readiness , under circumstances , to give my vote for the repeal of that difference , whatever it may be . But , in Ireland , whatever may be the merits of those tests which affect that country , the whole question of civil disabilities stands upon a fooling entirely different to what it does in England . In Ireland you have no test and corporation acts , as such , you have no law in force in Ireland , which obliges Dissenters , generally , to conform in the way that the Church of England obliges the people of this country to its views and policy . Ill Ireland your tests apply directly to the Catholics exclusively . They apply to their doctrines only , and they do not bear upon all other Dissenters within that part of the United Kingdom . I admit , therefore , that in Ireland , the question stands upon a different foundation from what it does in England ; and I am prepared to say , and I wish that it may be distinctly understood , that if the difference between the Catholic and the Established Church , were differences barely religious , if they were confined to doctrines purely of a religious nature , such as