might ultimately tend to that effect , that required the consent and recommendation of ministers . He conceived that the meaning of the rule was to make ministers responsible for what grants they recommended , and not to restrict the power of parliament . He should take the liberty , however , of suggesting to the noble lord , that if instead of pressing now to a division , when such doubts were entertained , he would withdraw the present motion , and move only for the Memorials of captain King to the Admiralty or Privy Council , he might perhaps , by such a motion , ultimately obtain his object . thought that there was a peculiar hardship in this case . If captain King had been appointed through an error of the commander , still he had done the duty , and he thought he ought to share for the rank in which he acted . If he had been a simple passenger , and appointed to command the marines on shore , he thought that he must have shared . certainly considered that captain King had suffered great hardship but not injustice . He had not been deprived of any legal right , but he was disappointed in a hope which he might very rationally have entertained . As to strict justice , the doors of justice were open to him as well as to any other man , if he had any legal injury to complain of . He considered that this Petition was substantially , if not formally , an application for a grant of money , and that therefore , it could not be received without the recommendation of ministers . was of opinion , that instead of sharing as a lieutenant , captain King ought to have shared for the rank in which he served . He thought that it was clearly within the power of the privy council to have ordered him such a share , and that if reward was the proper stimulus for exertion , the privy council had committed a gross error in not awarding him such a share . He believed that prize 171 money and the rewards of the profession were very principal causes of the exertions made in it . He confessed that they operated on his mind , and that it was the diminution of the prize money by recent regulations , which principally induced him to leave the profession for the last two or three years ( hear , hear ! from the ministerial benches . ) He would never be a robber of his own country , but he saw no reason why we should not be permitted to plunder our enemies . He had presented a Petition the other day , which was refused to be received , from a man ( general Sarrazin ) whom he considered as a highly meritorious officer ; and because ministers did not appear sensible of his value , they refused him the rewards which , as he thought , were due to the plans which he had presented for the good of the country , and the success of the war . He thought that injustice had been done to that gallant officer as well as to captain King , and that parliament ought to have power to take such petitions into their consideration without asking the consent of ministers . said , that every body had been heard except the Petitioner . He wished that the Petition itself might be read , in order to learn whether it was really an application for a grant of public money , or whether it was not such a Petition as might be entertained without the consent of his Majesty 's ministers . thought that the whole question in point of order was , whether this was a Petition for money or not ; and it appeared to him it could have no other object but money , and that no other relief could have been contemplated by the Petitioner . He allowed with the noble lord that the emoluments of the service must be desirable to