Mr. Graham thought there were not even grounds for holding captain Tomlinson to bail . Here it was taken on the same evidence to a grand jury ; and the Attorney General said , that he ought to be hanged , because he happened to be connected with a fraudulent partner . This was a curious conclusion to jump at . He wondered bow so great a 181 lawyer as he was , could have sanctioned such a prosecution . This enquiry was due to the country . The country owed much to captain Tomlinson . It was due to the country , because he was a proscribed man , and was deprived of an honourable employment in the service of '' that country which so often he had gallantly defended . again explained . He had not argued the case to prove captain Tomlinson 's guilt , but to shew that the Navy Board had grounds for what they did . stated , that the speech of the hon . Secretary had exactly the effect as if he had argued against captain Tomlinson . wished an investigation not only for the sake of the individual member , but of the profession to which he belonged . He had heard him universally well spoken of , not only as a gallant officer , but as a moral and conscientious gentleman . hoped the House would not be misled by their feelings to enter upon a jurisdiction quite new to them . It was impossible for the House to take upon themselves the functions of a court . thought captain Tomlinson placed in a very unfortunate situation . His name had been introduced before into the discussions of that House , and the Secretary of the Admiralty , not an ordinary member , had misrepresented his case . The correction ought to have the same notoriety . Might not a naval court of enquiry be appointed on the recommendation of a Committee of that House observed , that if that which the last speaker had recommended were done , it still could not be brought before a court martial , as the circumstance happened 15 years ago , and therefore such a proceeding would be contrary to the articles of war . said , that as captain Tomlinson was aspersed by a charge of participating in the embezzlement of the public money , the House was called upon to go into an enquiry . considered captain Tomlinson as having suffered a most extraordinary hardship , and parliament he thought would dishonour itself by not adopting investigation . shortly replied ; after which the House divided . said , that Mr. Dan 's statement had been so satisfactory , that he was sure the House would agree to his motion for discharging that gentleman from any further attendance . Mr. Dan was accordingly discharged , as was also Hindson , the sheriff 's officer . observed , that before he moved to call in Grace , he would state to the House , the object of the Committee , in sending Mr. Palmer to Mr. Campbell . During the examination of Mr. Palmer be-fore the Committee , that gentleman received information , that his brother-in-law , . Mr. Campbell , had been arrested on his way to attend the Committee as a witness . They conceiving it to be their duty , in maintenance of the privileges of parliament , to bring the fact before the House , requested Mr. Palmer to go to Mr. Campbell , and to prevent him from endeavouring to procure his discharge by bail . , on this statement , was inclined to think that Mr. Palmer , when arrested , could not be considered as a witness , but as a messenger , and doubted whether under those circumstances he was entitled to protection . argued by analogy , from the practice of courts of law , that Mr. Palmer was entitled to protection , and stated two cases in support of his argument . The one was of a person whose cause was put off early in the morning , but who , not returning