military history . If their lordships would look at the operations under the duke of Marlborough , they would find that at the siege of Lisle , the allied armies had lost 12,000 men ; at the siege of Douay , 8,000 ; at the siege of Aire,7,000 ; and at the siege of Toulon , where they failed , 33,000 men . The loss in an attack such as that on Badajoz , might indeed be severe ; but , however much to be regretted , it must be regarded as in all probability less than that of a protracted siege . There was one other point to which he was desirous of calling their lordships ' attention before he concluded . Their lordships must have observed with peculiar satisfaction , that the military operations of this country had , within these few years , assumed an entirely new character . This he said , without by any means undervaluing its efforts in former wars ; but such was now the stale of the world , that in addition to strength and resources , a nation , in order to be secure , must combine with that strength all the advantages of art and science . The operation now under consideration could not fail to suggest the remarks which he had just made . On all occasions , indeed , British troops had shewn the most distinguished and preeminent valour in the field , but in the course of the last century , they had been but little accustomed to the science of attack upon fortified places . If they had still been defective in that species of warfare therefore , we ought not to have been disheartened , —we ought to have known that our soldiers would from experience acquire this art if essentially necessary ; but we had the satisfaction to find from the attacks upon Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz , that it our troops were the best in Europe in the field , which he supposed none would dispute with us , they were also not less formidable in attacks upon fortified places . It was well known what resist- 1048 ance these places were capable of making and had made against other forces ; and it was known , also , that before the British army under lord Wellington , Ciudad Rodrigo had fallen in eleven days , and Badajoz in twenty . All this must afford peculiar satisfaction to those who looked upon the course of the war in the peninsula as affording the best hopes of ultimate success in the contest . They must feel the high importance of this operation : and even to those who doubled or thought differently , if any now did so , it must appear a great advantage . They could not but see what strength it afforded for the defence of the country , if the battle were to be fought on our own ground , in the discipline and skill which must be acquired in the course of these operations , by such a British army , under such a leader . He concluded by moving the Thanks of the House to the general , the officers , and troops , in the usual manner . observed , that he had always acknowledged the great talents and services of lord Wellington ; and on the present occasion , he could not help declaring his concurrence with the noble Secretary in his praises of that distinguished military character , to whose high merits he was happy to bear his warmest testimony . He was one of those who had considered all the hope we had of ultimately succeeding in driving the enemy from the peninsula , as resting upon the skill and activity of lord Wellington ; and that hope was certainly much increased by the operation for which their lordships were called upon to vote their thanks . In no operation of the war , in his opinion , had the skill , judgment , and decision of lord Wellington been more marked , both as to mode and time of action , than in