. 816 We are told that we can not admit them to parliament or to office , because they must be bound by their religion to act against the public liberty ; because they would not think it necessary to keep their faith with heretics , if any religious consideration tempted them to break it ; and because they would think themselves entitled to violate their oath of allegiance , as often as the interests of their faith seemed to require it : and all these accusations are founded on the idea , that as members of an universal and infallible Church they lie under the obligation of the most submissive obedience to the orders of their supreme head . It is most unquestionably true , that the Roman Catholic religion , taken as a system of religious faith , is in its nature unchangeable , and that unchangeableness is founded in the nature of an universal and infallible Church . But this infallibility is declared by every Catholic in existence , to be confined to matters of religious faith and Church discipline , whereas these accusations are every one of them of a moral and political nature . There is not one that can be asserted to be a question of Catholic faith , and these who make such charges must be prepared to contend that , of all human beings , the sons of the Church of Rome alone are incapable of changing as the world changes ; and that in spite of the revolutions of ages , they remain eternally and immutably the same . What a doctrine is this for men of common sense to advance in these days of philosophy and liberal enquiry ? Sir , the grossest injustice has been done to that unfortunate class of men , by thus confounding together matters of faith , things necessarily unchangeable , with matters of opinion , changeable in their nature , and varying in every age and in every country . The Catholics deny that they now hold , or , as a body , ever did hold , these monstrous doctrines that we impute to them , and I believe them . It is hard to charge upon the Catholics of the present day , the ambitious and antisocial principles of some of their usurping pontiffs and intriguing prelates . It is hard to charge upon them as matters of fixed and received doctrine , the false principles promulgated in the worst times , and in the darkest ages , for the purposes of local ambition , or for the establishment of ecclesiastical tyranny . It is worse than absurd to ransack the history of human crime and human folly , from the Crusades to the 817 Reformation , and from the Reformation to the Revolution , to extract from this disgusting mass certain false doctrines and pernicious heresies , and all this for the liberal purpose of charging them as matters of unchangeable faith on the devoted heads of a large class of our fellow subjects . It is not thus . Sir , that we deal with other classes of men ; with respect to them we leave it to Omnipotence ( if to him it shall seem fit , ) to visit the sins of the fathers upon the children . We should think it the height of injustice to impute to the excellent and respectable clergy of the Church of Scotland any love for the barbarous absurdities that , amidst their many and stern virtues , ( for many stern virtues they had ) disgraced our early Scottish reformers . No one , I believe , imputes to the modern clergy of that country the smallest desire to revive , or to the people of Scotland , to submit to the vulgar ecclesiastical domination that prevailed in the golden days of the Solemn League and Covenant : yet is it the very same church , with her assemblies , her synods , and her presbyteries , with all her judicatories , unaltered and unalterable ! But the times are changed , and with them , the feelings of men .