if such it were , if such I conceived it to be , I should be the last man in this House who could afford it support . Connected as I am by the most intimate ties of duty and affection with an individual , eminent among the dignitaries of the English Church , I am perhaps more conversant with the excellencies of its institutions than most members in this House , perhaps even I 837 am disposed to view them with partial eyes , and to overlook defects which may be lamented and criticised by others . But be it a true opinion , or be it prejudice , it is my opinion that no church government can more faithfully fulfil the various ends of its institution than our Church establishment ; which avoids equally on the other hand to support those arbitrary notions which have been mostly found connected with the Roman Catholic Church ; and on the other hand , the more democratic principles which are attributed to the feelings and doctrines of other sects . Deeming thus highly of our English Church , and confirmed in these sentiments by the esteem and affection in which I hold many of its ministers , I trust I shall obtain credit when I assert that nothing could induce roe to support the Catholic Petition , except a conviction , not lightly formed , for I sat some time in parliament before I would vote upon this subject , that an alteration in these penal laws may be effected in a manner innocuous to the Church , while it will add to the state that vigour , and that consolidation of its interests which the present exigency of our affairs so urgently demands . But , Sir , I ask again , what is the proposition which demands our decision to-night ? It is surely the most reasonable , the most mitigated , the most cautious in its tendency , which could be submitted to parliament . For unless it be contended that every thing is right in this system of laws at present , and that we must not entertain the subject at all without the consent of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I can not conceive how the House can refuse to take , as it is desired , the state of Ireland into its consideration . The learned gentleman who spoke last , denies that this is a fit time to enter upon the question . It is , however , the time which has been long designated in the expectation of all men for the purpose , and I had hoped that this pretence at least would no longer have been relied upon . It is one of the prerogatives of the crown that `` Nullum tempus occurrit regi . '' But it is the misfortune of the Catholics , that every time is opposed to their just Petitions and desires . For my part , I have no hesitation in avowing my opinion , that under a different course of events from that which has recently occurred , a satisfactory arrangement might have been made , which would have opened the Protestant monopoly of political power to the Catholics , with as little or less difficulty 838 than the pending arrangement can be effected for opening the East India trade to the competition of private merchants . But of this I am confident , that the question of that charter , that the claims of private merchants , that the rights of the company ; nay , that the loss of that unwieldy empire itself might well be deemed unimportant , when compared with those domestic and suicidal results which our present policy may produce in Ireland . Let us look , Sir , at the condition of that country ; let us see it rising rapidly from that misery and degradation to which our wretched government , during two centuries , had reduced it . Let us see it thriving in arts , in agriculture , and above all in an increasing population ; brave , generous , and enthusiastic ; willing to