. They say , the Catholics are not credible on their oaths ; and they have made , by act of parliament , their oath the test of their allegiance . They say , that temporal and spiritual power are inseparable ; and they have made them distinct by act of parliament . They say , that the disqualifying oath is a fundamental part of the law of the land ; and they have declared by the fourth article of the Act of Union , that oath to be provisionary , not fundamental . They say , that by the constitution , the Catholics should have no political power : and they have made them by act of parliament , that is , by the Act of Union , a part of the Commons , that is , of the third estate of the empire . Thus they speak to the Catholics with a double tongue , and then most piteously exclaim , `` These Romanists will keep no faith with heretics . '' In further answer to their objection , which confounds spiritual with temporal power , and which supposes the Pope to divide with the prince the allegiance of his subjects , we have the fact as well as the law . Let the princes of Europe tell how far the Pope has shared or divided the loyalty of their Catholic subjects . Let the Pope declare how far he commanded the allegiance of the Roman Catholics in Europe , when he was dragged from his palace . This dreaded interpreter of the Scriptures , and this joint proprietor of allegiance , dragged to Paris through an immense extent of Catholic country , at the wheels of 739 a car of a Catholic prince , without a sword in his support , or an arm to defend him . Or say , what succour has he , in all his afflictions , experienced , except when on the shoulders of the Protestant government of England . This unhappy old roan was supported an image of frail fortune and extinguished authority , until he was finally resigned to captivity and oblivion , the sole attendants on his state ; without an effort to restore , or a partizan to console him . `` More formidable than ever , '' exclaims the Petition of Cambridge ; and on this solid observation piously prays the legislature to impose on four millions of her fellow subjects , eternal disabilities . To this learned university how formidable then must the House of Bourbon appear . Like the Pope , that House has lost its dominions . How formidable Ferdinand of Spain , like the Pope , he has lost his liberty , and is possessed of all the resources that proceed from captivity and deposition . How criminal must our government appear , according to this reasoning , who pay above 20,000,000l . to support in Spain and Portugal the respective governments in Church , as well as State ; and of course are contending to set up again the powers of France , in the person of the Pope , now represented to be more formidable than ever , see then how your right stands ; of three objections two are abandoned ; the third reduced to a spiritual , and that spiritual power now reduced to nothing . You profess to tolerate religion ; yon do not tolerate religion when you punish it . Disability is punishment ; it is a punishment in a very high degree . You can not say , that an application to get rid of that punishment , is an application for power , it is an application for protection . Civil capacities are defence ; they are necessary to protect the Catholic against the injustice of a partial trial , they are necessary to protect him against the hardship of being taxed , and bound by a body , of which he constitutes no part ; when the Catholics desire eligibility to the office of sheriff , they desire a protection against juries , exclusively Protestant , modelled by a party sheriff , they desire