, was what he had stated on a former occasion , and which now no longer appeared a chimerical one . He alluded to the detached and piecemeal way in which the several additions to the Civil List had been made : first 10,000l . then 20,000l . and so on , without the House ever knowing precisely what it was about . The general increase upon the Civil List expenditure had been very great . Before they came to a determination , they ought , therefore , to examine thoroughly into the Civil List , and , form a comprehensive estimate of their revenue , and of the expences of that List , and of the royal family . Gentlemen were not , perhaps , aware of the extent to which these matters now went . He would read from a paper , he had in his band , a statement of the Civil List revenue and the allowances to the royal family The Civil List was esta- 130 blushed in 1804 , at 960,000l . a year : from this had been deducted , in the way of expence , 133,000l . which was the same as so much being given to it , for that sum was still raised upon the public , and still paid to the Civil List . By an act of the present session , 124,000l . more were added , then 218,000l . out of the consolidated fund , as an allowance to the royal family ; and if to this were joined the revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster amounting to 10,000l . ; and of Cornwall say to 15,000l . ; the vote of this session to the Regent of 70,000l ; another sum of 70,000l . granted to pay off income brances ; the 4 and percent , duties , being 30,000l . and the sum now proposed by the right hon . gent . of 36,000l . the gross amount of the Civil List per annum , for the support of the royal family , would be at this moment 1,668,000l . ; an enormous tax upon the liberality of the country . He hoped it would not be imputed to him that he wished to diminish the just and proper splendour of the crown ; but he believed that there were great abuses in the expenditure of the Civil List , and he thought that the 36,000l . which they were now called upon to vote , might be saved from that Civil List by a due and fundamental enquiry into its several branches of expenditure . That enquiry , however , never could be efficiently made , because the right hon . gentleman , though he would grant a committee , had told them , `` you may examine accounts , but you shall not examine persons ; '' and he must know that it was impossible to come at the bottom of the Civil List expenditure without examining persons . He put it to the hon chairman of that committee to say whether any progress had been made ? —the answer must be `` None , '' and he wished he had brought some of the papers in his pocket to shew the nature of the information they received . In the case of the foreign ministers , for instance , all they could learn respecting the difference between the estimate and the actual expence was , that the one was wrong and the other the fact . Looking at the question , therefore , in this point of view , he thought the House would confer a very hasty and ill advised grant , if they voted the sum without previous enquiry into those subjects . There was yet another observation with respect to the Civil List which he wished to make , and that was with respect to the provision which it contained for her royal highness the Princess of 131 Wales . He could see no reason why the Princess of Wales should be passed over with a comparatively inadequate provision. ! He had heard the rumour , which he dared say