now so distinctly depressed the trade and commerce of the country . Never had they been found to produce the practical result of destroying the manufactures , and annihilating the trading prosperity of the empire.—So far from their having been followed by any such effects , it was well known that until the present period , those manufactures continued to flourish more and more , and that prosperity progressively to increase . The measures therefore of 1739 and 1756 had been completely impotent in their effect on British commerce ; and in his opinion there had been no reason to expect that the Decree of 1806 would have had a mere extensive operation upon it . Had Buonaparté any greater power than his predecessors in the government of France to enforce his hostile schemes against our commerce ? Were his fleets so large , or his command over the ocean so entire as to enable him to do what the former rulers of his territories had never succeeded in accomplishing ? But admitting his object to be the complete exclusion of commodities of British growth or manufacture , from all the ports of his dominion , what was this but acting on a policy which had been exercised by other continental powers as well as by the British government at various periods ? What was it in short but adopting a principle of policy , and enforcing it with more than ordinary vigour , which every state had an inherent right to adopt , as a principle of mere municipal regulation ? It remained for others to shew how any such regulations could affect the trade between neutral states and the belligerent , against whose interests they were directed . They had not operated in the present instance to raise the rate of insurance , and the remittances from Europe rose subsequent to their promulgation . What was the case after the system , the childish and impotent system of retaliation was adopted on our part ? The face of things was at once changed.—The remittances fell in a short time in the ratio of 100 to 30 ; America , almost the only neutral nation , was disgusted ; her ports were shut against us , all intercourse ceased , and not only the trade which we carried on directly with her , but that which we maintained circuitously 1094 through her means , and which it was beyond the power of the enemy to prohibit , before he was aided in his views by our own injurious and disastrous policy , were sacrificed together . But whether all the evils that were now so deeply felt , ought or ought not to be traced to the operation of the Orders in Council , it was undeniable that there was at present great and general distress , and as a member of parliament , and more particularly as the representative of part of one of the counties affected in a peculiar manner by that distress , he had deemed it his duty to call the attention of the House to the Petitions now lying on the table.—The distresses that at present existed no one could deny , whatever difference of opinion there might be with respect to the cause . In the Petitions with which their table was crowded , various remedies were suggested . It was thought , by some , that relief could be derived from the reduction or abolition of sinecure places , and the lessening of salaries , which were disproportioned to the services performed ; but whatever might be his opinion upon the expediency of such a measure , he thought it would go a very short way towards the effectual relief of the country . Another suggestion was , the nonrenewal of the Charter of the East India Company , and the extension of the trade of that country and China to the merchants of the United Kingdom ; but even that measure , great an effect as it appeared calculated to produce , could not take place for two years ; and the distress of the country was such as could not