? He believed they would not . But were there no others with whom they ( lord Grey and his friends ) could unite ? or , if both parties were put out of the question , were there not others to form an administration without them ? If the address could be carried , and the Regent could find others of whom he might form a cabinet , holding the same opinions on the Catholic question with himself ( lord Grey ) , they should have his warm support ; and on any points in which he might differ from them , his opposition should be reluctant and gentle . He was too much exhausted to go through the remaining topics at any length . On the repeal of the civil disabilities of the Catholics , therefore , he would only briefly state , that he was prepared to define what securities he deemed sufficient en this score to satisfy him . Adverting to the questions at issue between this country and America , he observed that this important subject had been so ably treated by his noble and learned friend , as in a great measure to relieve him from the necessity of adding any thing further . He would , however , embrace the occasion of saying , that if it was imputed to him that he was disposed to give up one single right , or to abandon any principle connected with the maintenance of our essential maritime interests , the imputation was most false and ground- 81 less . His feelings in support of those interests , would lead him to go as far as any man , although he should still deem it necessary to weigh the true value of those disputed interests , and to guard against making a sacrifice disproportionate to the object to be attained . If once persuaded that the national honour was at stake , or that those rights on which our national independence was founded , were attacked , he should feel no difficulty to act with all the directness , and vigour , and determination , which , under such circumstances , would be indispensible to our safety . But he could never lose sight of that principle which ought to lie at the basis of all national policy , namely , that , as it had been well expressed by Mr. Burke , `` as we ought never to go to war for a profitable wrong , so we ought never to go to war for an unprofitable right . '' If the prosecution of the right were likely to lead to consequences more dangerous and destructive than those anticipated from its relinquishment , it was almost superfluous to say , such a right ought not to be insisted on . He well remembered , that during an opposition carried on with something more than parliamentary virulence and pertinacity , while he had the honour of holding an office in administration , he was often pressed in the other House to assume a different tone , and to act upon what was called a more decisive policy . He had then employed , as an illustration in defence of his own doctrine , the fable of the man who threw cocoa nuts at the monkey in the hopes that the monkey would throw cocoa nuts at him ; because he believed that the object of Buonaparté was to embroil us with America , for the furtherance of his own purposes . A new System had , in his opinion unhappily for this country , enabled the enemy to succeed in his incitements ; to triumph in his policy , and to make us the instruments of his ambition . Upon the subject of the State of circulation , interesting as it was , and decisive as his views were upon it , did it follow that he held it to be indispensible to recommend immediately the resumption of cash payments by the Bank ? It was not to the omission of that particular measure that his principal objections were directed , but to a perseverance in