eternity , he was taken down from the halberts , removed to an hospital , and every means taken to call back life only to be again tortured . Here the poor wretch was left , his body more at ease , but his mind still upon the rack , reflecting , that the faster his wounds healed , the nearer he was to the infliction of the remainder of his sentence ; and that his wounds were only healed by his tormentors that they might again be torn open . It was mere hypocrisy to say , that the minds of the soldiers would be inflamed by what passed in parliament ; they perhaps would never hear it ; and would those be affected by statements in a deliberative assembly who were compelled to witness unmoved the sufferings of their fellow-creatures ? The substitution of death would be comparatively merciful , for individuals had been known to fly into his arms to be shielded from the lash . It should like wise be remembered , that the persons who were thus degraded and tormented , were not voluntary victims ; they were first compelled 387 to enter the army , and afterwards to endure its punishments ; boys , who in law had no power of disposing of their property , were , in the army , permitted to sell their lives and liberties for a few guineas , spent in licentious debauchery . Under all these circumstances he was of opinion , that the account moved for ought instantly to be laid upon the table . would impute only the purest motives to the supporters of the motion ; but the effect of their arguments he was convinced would be productive of mischiefs of the greatest magnitude . Thinking as he did that the continuance of corporal infliction was a necessary evil , he was of opinion that he could not have done any thing more detrimental to the service , than if he had employed such language as had been used on the other side . He did not dread so much the dissemination of the truth , as he did the exaggerated misrepresentations that had been employed , and bringing forward into notice solitary instances of severity or suffering for which no parallel could be discovered . He admitted that there had formerly been cases where the punishment was partially inflicted at one time and completed at another , but the modern practice had been directly the reverse . It would have been well , there fore , had his hon . and learned friend , be fore he drew such a picture of the repetition of the punishment of flogging for the same offence , enquired whether such a practice was continued . The question of its legality had been submitted En his right hon . friend , the present Judge Advocate , and he had pronounced it not lawful . Why then was such a representation made , when no grounds for it any longer existed ? It was likewise true that in some regiments corporal punishment was more frequent than in others ; but the obvious reason was , because it was more deserved . Would the production of the document required throw the faintest light upon any of the cases which the hon . baronet had selected from the newspapers ; to which authority , however , he declared that he gave little credit ? Would it afford any information upon the instance of singular Insensibility which he had adduced with so much ostentation , and which ( though taken from a newspaper ) the hon . baronet implicitly believed ? For his part , he was not quite so credulous , for he discredited the story altogether . The statement that was published bore upon the face of 388 it marks of fabrication ; it was said , that the man had pins thrust under his nails , and endured the most exquisite tortures that could be invented , unmoved , until at last he was trepanned , and the brain being scraped , he simply exclaimed , `` oh ''