. But how are you sure that they will be quiet after all ? If they find his Majesty 's ministers year after year putting them off under every change of government , under all changes even of the dynasty occupying the throne , conspiring against their claims : if , from day to day they hear you tell them `` be quiet , for we can not entertain the question now ; '' —if they sec plainly that this `` now '' is to last indefinitely , and that in truth it means `` we can not hear you ever ; '' nay , when the learned judge , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , unite in giving it this very interpretation , can you imagine they will be satisfied merely because you wish it , or will cease to seek relief because you refuse it to them repeatedly ? Sir , if you seek for quiet on this question , you must pursue it by a far different track ; —you must open your ears to their just complaints ; —you must look into the cause of the evils complained of in ail the preceding Petitions of the Catholics , and in the repeated discussions of their claims . That cause stares you in the face , and you have no pretence left for not seeing it ; —that cause is the disgusting cause which has so long split Ireland into unnatural divisions , setting man against man , and forcing one fourth part of her people to be the oppressors of the other three-fourths , whom it places in a state of degradation . Hence it is that you have year after year Petitions poured in upon you ; —hence it is that they now crowd your tables—and yet we are to be told that this is the time , in the last crisis of the country 's fate , for refusing even to hear their prayers , and ask ourselves if we can grant them . Instead of shuddering at the prospect before us , should we persist in turning a deaf ear to 906 such righteous complaints , we are bid to call our Catholic fellow-subjects unreasonable , presumptuous , ambitious , for preferring them in the language of respectful Petition ; —for making this last effort to be admitted within the pale of the constitution . But how , Sir , were these men treated when the Union was in negociation , and their concurrence was asked in a measure allowed by all to have been impracticable without their co-operation ? They were told by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) then the organ of the administration in Ireland , that unless the Union were carried it was vain to expect their claims could be granted , but that as soon as their consent should be gained , and the measure had been carried which their resistance had utterly frustrated the year before , the force of the government would be exerted in their behalf , and they might expect all those boons , ( as they were termed , ) but I will give them their true name , and call them rights , would be conceded . Nor was this all . To recommend the measure still further , and more firmly to bind the pledge , a learned person published an address to the Catholics , exhorting them to support the Union , and holding out the same gladdening promises . This learned character appears from his tone and manner to have been connected with the Castle , and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) then its organ . He was probably some literary and legal gentleman , under his immediate patronage , and employed by him for the promotion of his favourite scheme . In the prosecution of this design , he published a pamphlet , which I now hold in my hand . His name is affixed to it ; and , by rather a whimsical coincidence , it agrees precisely with that of the learned and right honourable doctor opposite , for it is signed `` Patrick