that ignorance and prejudice could not have been roused to 807 utterance ? No , Sir , it is not to tavern meetings , not to club politics that we have resorted . In point of industry and assiduity we must confess that others have gone far beyond us . The cry is all their own . It is theirs to observe the profitable practice of physicians , they have a patient m hand , and they will not withdraw the application long enough for the sore to heal , or the fever of irritation to subside . In point of fact , if the English peasant dreads he knows dot what , under the name of Popery , so the Irish peasant importunes he knows not what under the name of emancipation : the one dreams that he has all to fear , and the other , that he has all to obtain . Perhaps I have dwelt too long upon this comparison ; but it is neither with a view to recriminate nor to palliate , neither to accuse nor to commend . I do not enquire how ; much of these opposite cries is imputable to citcumstances , and how much to persons ; nor how much culpability may attach to either . But at least , in my view of the subject , I may infer jointly from both , that we can not be so sure that divisions and animosities will be put an end to by this measure , that all this strength and unanimity will be gained to the country . I may at least infer jointly from both , that however times may have changed , mankind is still the same ; and not so altered as to render all experience useless , and all retrospection absurd . —Mr . Speaker , the hon . gentleman who has just sat down , has informed us , that this important question is reduced within a very narrow compass ; I did therefore expect , that he would have confined his observations within the limits that he himself had pointed out , and that he would not have expatiated as he has done in the wide field of theological discussion . He has informed us that some of those outposts which in arguing this question , gentlemen had formerly been so fond of defending , have long since been abandoned , and that the supporters of the Catholic claims deserting their untenable positions , must now descend into the plain and contend with their opponents on the narrower basis of political expediency . I am ready to accept the challenge , to meet him in the combat on his own terms , and to consider this as a political question . As to the question of natural right , one of the out-posts to which he has alluded , I entirely concur with him that it can not be 808 defended . With regard to the other , the defence of the Catholic claims on the principle of toleration , the hon . gentle man must pardon me if I can not agree to abandon as untenable , that ground which I think it so easy and so important to maintain . I will not , however , enter into a dispute with him about the meaning of words . I will content myself with stating at the outset , that I use the word toleration in the sense which has been always put upon it by those who have argued in support of the Catholic Petitions . I use that word not in its narrow and confined sense of mere endurance and protection , but as implying in its more broad and liberal interpretation , a full and entire participation in all the benefits of the constitution ; namely eligibility to sit in parliament , and the faculty ( without reference to a man 's religious opinions ) of rising in the state , or in the profession to which he may belong , as high as his talents , his interest , or his services , can carry him . In all