, if he avowed the authenticity of the letter stating this fact , or-knew of such agent so authorised ? replied , that , in his opinion , this matter bad been very unfairly brought forward by the American . 1113 government . He thanked the hon . gentleman for affording him this opportunity for explanation , and begged , on the part of the British government , to disclaim , most explicitly and peremptorily , having encouraged any disposition of the kind alluded to . It was true , that an agent had been employed by sir James Craig , without the privity of the government , who only heard of that circumstance in the dispatch—announcing , at the same time , that he had been recalled , on the appearance of a pacific understanding being come to between the countries—having only been sent for the sole purpose of receiving information necessary to the commander of a province threatened with invasion . read a passage from a letter dated 26th Feb. 1809 , mentioning the separation of the Union , and wished to know on its being communicated to government , what steps were consequently taken ? was not prepared to say that any blame had been attached to sir J. Craig . All that he had directed the agent to ascertain was , the temper of the States near that which he had to defend : and that he had no other objects but defence in view , was clear , from his immediately recalling the person when the apprehension of invasion was over . said , he was not at all satisfied with this answer , and would be glad to know if government would produce the correspondence with sir James Craig , if moved for ? also referred to a letter from Mr. Ryeland , to the agent , Henry , in which he proposed to furnish him with a cypher , in which to carry on his correspondence , and authorized him to meet any leading men on the subject of the separation , if they shewed a disposition to come under the protection of the British government . He was desirous of information on this subject . said , he had not found this letter among sir J. Craig 's correspondence . then gave notice of a motion for the production of these papers to-morrow . moved , `` That there be laid 1114 before this House , a detailed Account of the expenditure of the sum of 10,205l . 12s . paid from the Treasury of Ireland , for publishing Proclamations , and other matters of a public nature , in the Dublin Gazette , and other newspapers in Ireland , from the 5th of January 1811 to the 5th of January 1812 , specifying the titles and dates of the Proclamations so published and paid for . '' In making this motion , the right hon . gentleman reprobated the wasteful manner in which the public money was expended , by the publication of these Proclamations , which , he said , were frequently given to the proprietors of newspapers , as a remuneration for their services , in supporting the measures of the government . felt no disposition to object to the motion , although the right hon . gentleman had not given any regular notice of his intention to bring it forward . With respect to the wasteful manner in which the right hon . gentleman had stated the public money had been squandered , he had only to observe , that during the last year , for the first time , the expenditure for the purposes alluded to , had been much less than on any former occasion , having been within the sum allowed by parliament for that purpose . When the right hon . gentleman was Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , the expenditure was 17,000l . per annum , and was never less than 15,000l . The newspaper in which the proclamations were generally inserted , was The Dublin Journal , which it was known had been the channel through which the Irish government had