canst hear the mighty crack ; Pit , box , and gallery in convulsions burl 'd , Thou stand'st unmov 'd amidst a bursting world . '' The learned doctor has argued this question , as if the Catholics were to be the only gainers by the repeal of these disabilities ; but I differ from him entirely in this narrow view of the subject , and deem that argument which I unworthily support to-night , the argument and cause of the country ; and however anxious I may justly be , that no class of the community should be unnecessarily subjected , as I think the Catholics are , to the grievance of unequal and excluding laws , I am much more concerned at the loss which I feel the state sustains , in the want of their services and the diminution of their affections . It is , no doubt , an enormous evil to the Catholics , to be excluded , as they are in Ireland , by direct and positive law from more than five hundred legal and civil offices , besides seats in parliament , and indirectly from two thousand more ; to be excluded also from upwards of three thousand municipal offices , and from all the higher ranks in the army and navy . But the mischief is , not only that you thus disfranchise and degrade a fourth part of your population , but that you do not deal fairly by the state , in thus withdrawing the talents and energy of that fourth part from the competition for public service . What is the operation of these laws upon our army ? That army , the sound of whose recent triumph has within these few hours reached our gratified , but now happily not unaccustomed ears . Suppose that upon this occasion an English or Irish Protestant officer should have been the first to 833 mount the rampart , and to plant the victorious standard on the walls of Badajoz ; if he be a non-commissioned officer , he may receive a commission as the reward of his valour ; or if he have already a commission , he may be promoted . But if a British Catholic should have performed this exploit , to him no such reward can be allotted , no such honour can be assigned , although a Portuguese Catholic fighting for the same cause , under the same banners , might receive in such honourable promotion the tribute due to his exertions . It is difficult to abstain to-night from mentioning lord Wellington : he . Sir , is is an Irishman , to the immortal honour of that country ; and while his great achievements shrink from no comparison , they are embellished and exalted by that disinterestedness , which was wanting to the character of that illustrious duke , to whom , in our military annals , he is second rather in time than in glory . But if lord Wellington had been a Roman Catholic , he might indeed have served in Ireland as captain or colonel Wellesley , and instead of assisting the Spaniards , might have marched in aid of an exciseman , and taken some illicit distillery by storm instead of Badajoz and Ciudad Rodrigo ; but if captain Wellesley had set his foot on the British shore , he might have been subjected by a common informer to a penalty of 500l . and the loss of his commission . The learned doctor has told us , that the Catholics have refused to grant the Veto . But in fact they have not refused it ; for you have not asked them to grant it ; you have not offered them any inducement to grant it . They have determined , indeed , that under existing circumstances it is inexpedient to alter the mode by which their bishops are nominated . But as I know that in other countries such a power has been exercised by a Protestant sovereign , and that it was not objected to a few years ago in Ireland , I have a right to