place , the landlords had their option and their remedy . But this would not be the case under the present Bill , nor were the circumstances the same ; for the bank of Ireland was not then restrained from paying its notes in specie , and gold could be procured . As soon , however , as the measure had been thought advisable in this country , Ireland had been compelled to follow the example , he supposed on the ground that what was good for England must be good for Ireland also . The restrictions from paying in specie had been thus forced on the bank of Ireland against the opinion of the directors ; and it was , he supposed , in consequence of that compulsion , that no enquiry had been previously instituted into the stale of their affairs . Certain it was , that to this day the House knew nothing of the affairs of that Bank , whose paper they were going to force on the population of Ireland . Was this doing justice to that country ? He believed that the bank of Ireland was perfectly safe , and that their affairs were in a prosperous state ; but he knew nothing of it as a legislator , and as such he could not act on belief . He next adverted to a resolution which stood in the Journals of the House , importing that Bank-notes were held in equal estimation to gold , and maintained , that for consistency 's sake that clause should have been expunged , previous to the introduction of a Bill which affirmed 287 directly the contrary , and went to provide a remedy for the inconveniency resulting from the depreciation of those very Banknotes . It had been stated to the House by a right hon . gentleman , that bank of Ireland paper was now at a regular discount , and that a guinea was currently at a premium of five shillings and sixpence ; who could tell what further depreciation might take place in a short time , and what further losses this Bill might entail on the holders of ancient contracts ? But those considerations had escaped the noble lord who had presented the petition alluded to . Perhaps , too , he had been actuated by motives far different to those alleged ; and at the eve of an election he might have wished to enlist under his banners a large body of tenantry , who had before received his advances with abhorrence . He would ask , on what grounds the House could deny the enquiry which had been demanded ? An enquiry had taken place into the affairs of the bank of England , before its paper had been forced on the people of this country ; how could they in justice refuse the same security to Ireland , and how could they continue to be styled the Imperial Parliament , when the interests of such a large portion of the empire as Ireland were constantly neglected ? denied that the present measure rested merely on the petition which he had had the honour to present ; but it appeared to him , that the hon . baronet had been extremely parsimonious in his arguments , and had laid no grounds whatever before the House for delaying the measure . He was glad to hear that the hon . baronet had himself no doubt of the solvency of the bank of Ireland ; and as Irish bank restriction had hitherto been enacted pari passu , with the restrictions of the bank of England , and without any enquiry , he thought that there was no occasion for any in the present instance . The hon . baronet had staled that the House were yet without any information on their Journals , of the solvency of the bank of Ireland . This was an accusation against parliament ; it was an accusation against the right hon . baronet himself , for having allowed the bank of Ireland to go on under the restrictions , without being assured of their solvency ; for