a direct and positive exclusion , applying to them alone , and attaching expressly on their religious creed . 667 Their disqualification falls within the very lines and limits of his own description . Its circumstances are precisely those which he himself considers as affording incontestible evidence of its injustice . What he adds is yet more conclusive , for differences purely religious , he says , he would not impose on any men the hardship of disabling tests . To what then do these tests apply ? The oath against transubstantiation for instance ? To what but to an opinion , erroneous , as the noble earl and I believe , but so exclusively spiritual that no ingenuity can distort it into any thing but a matter of religious faith . Why then does not the noble earl himself propose the abolition of this oath ? Why does he refuse to examine by his own principles , the other tests for which he argues ? Can he maintain that they are governed by this distinction between religious and civil tenets ? Are they confined to temporal concerns ? Let him consider the oath of supremacy itself . The Catholics disclaim all difference between their allegiance and your own , as far as relates to the civil authority of the state . They profess to pay to their sovereign and his lawful government , the same temporal obedience with yourselves . The supremacy which they deny is that only which relates to questions of faith , to matters purely spiritual . A supremacy which the Church of Scotland no more acknowledges than that of Rome ; recognized in our own Church , and as we believe rightfully inherent in our state ; but no less stiffly denied at Edinburgh than at Maynooth . Here then , the Catholics are at issue with the noble earl . Does he believe their assertion , that their difference from us in this point is confined to matters purely religious ? He is bound , on his own principles , to repeal their civil disabilities . Does he discredit it ? Let him examine and ascertain the fact . But he is determined to resist conviction , and he therefore refuses to enquire . He contents himself with assuming the matter in dispute , and pertinaciously maintains that to believe in purgatory , and to pay civil obedience to the state , are things plainly inconsistent with each other . The noble earl asserts it , the Catholics deny it . How shall we decide between them ? The old objections against the testimony of Catholics as to their own religious tenets , the noble earl has this night explicitly disclaimed ; he rejects with indignation the obsolete and scandalous calumnies on 668 their moral character , the charges of equivocation and perjury , the imputed belief that faith is not to be kept with heretics , and the pretence that even the obligations of an oath may be dispensed with by ecclesiastical authority . I am glad that he has learnt at last to treat such slanders as they deserve . He knows in what quarters these wretched pleas for persecution were recently revived , by what means and what purposes they were re-echoed through this country . We shall henceforth , I hope , have his assistance in stigmatizing that base hypocrisy which labours to excite by falsehood , our fellow subjects against each other ; and disguises under the sacred cover of religion , the foulest purposes of avarice or ambition . It is therefore no longer pretended that the Catholics wilfully misrepresent their tenets . The noble earl admits that they believe it to be their opinion that all temporal obedience is exclusively due to the authority of the stale . But he is better acquainted with what passes in their minds than they themselves . He is more deeply versed in the doctrines of their religion than those who profess , or those who teach it ; and while he renders all justice to their sincerity , he condescends to instruct them , that when they think they mean