and the same Church for ever . Then how is this to be done ? Modern philosophers and modern orators make light of these constitutional guards , though their ancestors so highly valued them ; and they say that it is absolutely necessary that they should be repealed in favour of the Roman Catholics . What is more , both the king and queen of these realms are bound to swear that they will inviolably maintain the Church and State according to these acts 746 of Union , and yet this motion goes in the first instance to repeal these acts of parliament for the purpose of carrying what is called Catholic Emancipation . What is it the Catholics have to complain of ? Do they not possess all the liberties that the other subjects have , except that they are kept from certain places and emoluments ? They say we will not confer upon them civil and political power . I say they have as full and complete religious liberty as any people on the face of the earth . They have the same security for their lives and properties , and what is more , they may sit in parliament if they take the same tests and oaths , which all other people do , that every person in this House takes : and they have their full and entire liberty , the same as enjoyed by any other subjects of the realm . And it is very remarkable , that the Roman Catholics in their present slate enjoy greater security for their liberties , their lives , and their properties , than the most favoured subjects in any country upon the face of the earth . They have at this moment even more political liberty than any the most favoured subjects on earth . Will it be said that the subjects of France have the same liberty ? Will it be said that the Germans enjoy the same liberty ? Or will it be said that the subjects of any state upon the continent enjoy their lives , their liberties , and their properties with the same security that the Catholics of Ireland do at this moment ? Now , I say , what would be the consequence to the Catholics of the British empire at large ? It does not go to Ireland alone . They demand a full equality throughout the empire : —in the army , in the navy , they claim a participation in all the privileges of the empire , and they desire you to admit them to all places of power and emolument whatever . That is their demand ; and all this is to be done at the expence of abolishing all the acts that I have mentioned , together with the two acts of Union between Great Britain and Ireland , and between England and Scotland . And we are to do all this to gratify the ambition of a set of subjects whose principles are hostile in a great measure , to the state ; and particularly whose religious principles are hostile , as I shall shew directly ; and this , too , upon authentic grounds , and not merely from declamation ; bat I shall read the particular proof of it , which will shew , that they are directly and essentially hostile to 747 the state in every thing . And I would ask also , who , that is a true Catholic , is not hostile to the state ? And pray how are we to be secured if they are to be emancipated , as they are pleased to call it , by their usurpation of our constitution ? The first thing they say is , that they have a right to religious liberty . For God 's sake do , gentlemen , consider who the people are that call for this religious liberty ? The most intolerant set that ever was on the face of the earth in the profession of any religion in any country . The most intolerant set ever heard of in the history of the world , even