; but now crown lawyers and other lawyers and members of parliament could speak of it with levity , and two hundred lashes , as it seemed , were thought nothing at all of in the present state of our army . It was known , however , that deaths had since taken place in consequence of such punishment , and that many suicides had occurred from the apprehension of them . There was also published in a provincial paper an instance of a serjeant in a veteran battalion , of the name of Gill , who cut his own throat merely to avoid the pain of being obliged to witness a number of those punishments . He recollected to have read some time ago in the public papers , an article under the title `` Resolute Insensibility , '' where it was stated that a young man , in order to obtain his discharge from the militia , pretended to 381 be seized with a total insensibility in all his parts , and so resolutely persisted in it , that after pins had been run under his nails , and every torture ingenuity could devise had been exhausted , a surgeon was called in , who , supposing that he had met with a hurt in the head , recommended that he should be trepanned , which operation was accordingly performed upon him , and it was not till they were scraping his brain , that a low groan at length burst from him . He obtained his discharge , loon rapidly recovered , and on the rumour of a press-gang being in the neighbourhood , disappeared . The name of the regiment , and of the surgeon , had been stated , and the officers of that regiment or the surgeon would have undoubtedly contradicted this statement if it could be contradicted . And would it after this be maintained , that men were not struck with dismay , at the very idea of being driven into a service , where this punishment of flogging was part of the system ? Would it be alleged that they not only would not wish to see it changed ; but , as was alleged on the other side , that it even formed a bond of union between the officer and soldier ? If this he knew nothing to which he could are that sort of affection on the part of the soldiers , except to the idea of in one of his satires , where it is said , that the fish was anxious that it might be taken , in order that it might form part of the emperor 's dinner . In the year 1808 there were found to be nearly eight thousand blind men in the army , applying for their discharge on that account , but as it was suspected that the greater part of those men had caused their own blindness to procure their discharge , there was an order issued to deprive those discharged for this cause , of the benefits of the pensions they would otherwise have had . When it was considered what dreadful sufferings men had thus borne or inflicted upon them selves to get their discharge , it was hard to believe that the situation of a soldier was quite so comfortable as had been represented . Young officers were obliged to attend these dreadful punishments in order to inure them to it ; and private soldiers , who , perhaps , would have had fortitude enough to have undergone them , had often fainted in the ranks at being obliged to witness them . He was convinced that if such a practice took place , in the face of day , and the public , it must be soon laid aside , and that it 382 could be continued only in holes and corners . He would not disguise his feelings on the barbarous and ignominious punishment which hung over the backs of the army , and now , indeed , of the nation also nor could he at present join in the encomium passed on the Commander