which made it improper that she should appear in the station of a queen at a time that her husband performed the functions of royalty , and represented the person of the King ? Every body had heard a good deal about books that were to have been published , and libels that were suppressed ; and they had seen advertisements in the newspapers offering large sums of money for suppressed copies of these libellous books . Now there certainly must be considerable information in some quarter or other about these matters , and as the right hon . gentleman had been long the confidential adviser and counsellor of her Royal Highness , he hoped that he would not now desert his friend in her utmost need , but that he Would state what was the reason for her being so neglected and passed by upon this occasion . As for himself , he did not , feel disposed to vote another shilling until the corrupt expenditure of the public money was restrained , and the necessary retrenchment made , both as to sinecures and other branches of the public expence . could not refrain from taking notice of the contradiction between the latter part of the hon . gentleman 's speech and that which preceded it the hon . gentleman concluded by saving , that he would not vote a shilling of the public money till corruption and sinecure places were done away ; and yet in the former part of his speech he `` had asked , why had not the Princess of Wales drawing rooms like the Queen , and the same slate and splendour ? The hon . gentleman should have been aware , however , that if she was to have this additional state and splendour , there must be an additional grant of money ; and yet the hon . gentleman was not disposed to vote a shilling towards it . As to all the questions which had been put to him on the subject of the Delicate Investigation , '' he should say nothing . The difference alluded to was certainly an unfortunate circumstance ; but neither as minister , nor confidential adviser of his Royal Highness did he feel himself called upon to make any specific statement to the House on the subject . With regard to the grant of an additional 10,000l . to the Queen , it was certainly given entirely independent of any consideration on account of the Princesses . The grant was to cover the additional expences to which her Majesty was likely to be put , in the present unfortunate situation of her royal husband , being deprived of the assistance which she would otherwise have derived from the royal establishment . In proposing it he had stated , that , as it could not be the wish of the House absolutely to compel her Majesty to reside constantly in the palace at windsor , it would be necessary to make an additional grant in order to allow her to change her residence if she thought proper . With respect to the increase of the civil list , as to which much had been said , it was to be borne in mind , that though there was an increase of expence to the country , yet there was a diminution to the Prince of Wales , when compared with what was received by his father . It was undoubtedly true , that the maintenance of the two separate establishments of his Majesty and the Prince of Wales , would require a larger sum than what would have sufficed for his Majesty alone . When he was upon the subject of the civil list , he would state that he was sure what had been said by an hon . gentleman was a mere inadvertency ; but though the subject was perfectly well understood in , the 137 House , it was not understood elsewhere ; for this had frequently been made a subject of wilful misrepresentation ; and it had been contended that the whole of the civil list was disposable by his Majesty at his