anxious that the account of our Exports to Spain and Portugal should be laid before the House . Some time ago , those Exports were stated to amount to 18,000,000l . per annum . He should be glad to know how much the 1125 Exports to our army contributed to that sum ? observed , that the increase was in a great measure owing to our supplying those articles which were formerly furnished by Holland , but which trade our Orders in Council had prevented . said , he did not believe a single item of the Exports to the army was contained in the list of Exports After a few words from Mr. Brougham , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Mr. Barham , the conversation ended . The Minutes of Evidence were then brought up , and ordered to be printed . adverted to the notice he had given for the production of the Correspondence relative to the Mission of captain Henry , and observed , that be had conceived that ministers , if they were not themselves solicitous to lay the correspondence upon the table , would at least not oppose a motion for the production of it . Since he came into the House , however , he had heard with considerable surprise that it was their intention to oppose the motion ; he was the more surprised at this , it being a subject in which the public look a deep interest , and respecting which it appeared essential to ministers themselves to produce the correspondence . His motion would be for copies of the correspondence between sir James Craig and the Secretary of State , relative to the mission of captain Henry , the correspondence with sir George Prevost relative to the same subject , and the letters from the Secretary of State to sir George Prevost , relative to the compensation claimed by captain Henry . As this motion was , he now understood , to be opposed , he should not bring it forward to night , other business standing for discussion , but should fix it for Tuesday . On the latter day , a motion of a noble friend of his also stood for a committee of the whole House , to enquire respecting the distresses of the manufacturers , in consequence of the operation of the Orders in Council ; but as the committee had been granted in another place , he could not conceive that it would be opposed here , in which case his noble friend 's motion would not be debated , and his own would stand . said , that whenever the noble baron should bring forward 1130 his motion , he should be perfectly ready to state the grounds on which he deemed it his duty to oppose the production of the documents , and to state such circumstances of the transaction as had induced him to form such a conclusion . He was ready to meet the noble baron on the subject on any day ; to that specified he had no objection , as there was no intention of opposing the intended motion of referring the Petitions against the Orders in Council to a committee of the whole House . observed , that as it was intended to grant the committee , there ought to be some understanding as to what time it was likely to occupy the House ; or whether they were to sit de die in diem , or in what other way . assented to the propriety of having some understanding as to the days , or hours in each day , that should be allotted to the enquiry . He had no objection to go into the committee on Tuesday , but as that might not be convenient he would mention Thursday . rose to ask , whether it was the intention of the noble lord at the head of the Board of Trade , to lay any papers upon the table respecting the issue of notes by the bank of Ireland , those relative to the bank of England being already before the House ,