the subject were pressed he should take the sense of the House upon it requested that the noble lord who spoke last , if he really meant to take the opinion of the House , would state accurately and clearly what the proposition was . If it were upon the point whether or not the name of the Regent should be introduced into debate , undoubtedly he should vote with the noble lord without a moment 's hesitation ; but if the question were , whether the letter which had appeared in the public prints , bearing the signature of the Regent , could with a view to support a motion , or to illustrate an argument , be quoted in debate , he should vote against the noble lord with as little hesitation . The objection made by the noble lords opposite was differently stated by each of them ; and indeed it seemed to arise from an utter confusion of ideas upon one of the most plain and simple principles . The introduction of the name of the Regent , and the reading of his letter were matters totally distinct , excepting in the opinions of the opposite side of the House . The practice of every day shewed , that his noble friend ( lord Darnley ) was perfectly in order . How many papers were constantly alluded to and made the subject of discussion in that House , which never were , and some of which never could be made documents , in the manner which the noble earl had mentioned ? At different times , when the House had been called upon to vote their thanks to lord Wellington , ( and he would take this occasion of saying , that he believed no noble lord felt more strongly than he did , the great merit of that gallant and most distinguished general , ) how frequently did ministers themselves detail to the House the dispatches of lord Wellington , which were certainly not documents in the sense that the noble earl now wished to understand the papers that were to be alluded to in debate ; and yet , had any objection ever been made to this as disorderly and unparliamentary ? How often had the Berlin and Milan decrees been alluded to in that House , and been the principal topic in long discus- 60 sions ; and yet the Berlin and Milan decrees never were , and indeed could not have been laid on the table of that House , so as to make them such documents as the noble earl required . But this was said to be a private letter . What then ? Did the noble earl mean to say , that even a private letter , if it were a matter of general notoriety , and of great importance to the public , could not be alluded to in that House ? Supposing that the motion had been different , and that , instead of the Address which his noble friend had moved , his motion had been for the production of this letter , could it be contended for , on any , principle of common sense , that it was un-parliamentary to state the substance of a letter , the production of which any noble lord thought proper to move for ? If the noble lord really wished to take the opinion of the House on this point of order , he hoped that he would put it in some shape in which it might be discussed . said , that he well remembered the proceedings of 1807 , the effect of which seemed calculated to throw a scandal on the sovereign himself . The question then was , whether a certain pledge required from ministers by his Majesty , was constitutional or unconstitutional ? The recurrence of that scandal he would use his utmost exertions to prevent . The course be should pursue , if the subject were pressed to a vote , would be first to have it decided whether the name of the Regent should be introduced into a discussion . Upon this