, whether the present administration , in its quality and principles , presented obstacles to the union of the strength and resources of all parts of the empire . It might safely be said of this administration , that it was formed on the express principle of resistance to the Catholic claims . This was the principle by which the person who was at the head of that administration made his way to power . This was the principle which led him to make use of all the arts of detraction to attain that object . This principle he loudly proclaimed , from the moment at which he had been called from the bar to take a share in political life up to the present instant . It was his boast—it was put by him in the front of the battle—the eternal exclusion of his Roman Catholic fellow-subjects from any share in the constitution . When he had stated , that such was the principles of that person , he had no need to say more to shew that they were the principles of administration . He was the administration . Whither he led , the rest were obliged to follow.—Was he to be told by the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , who had just stated resistance to the Catholics to be a fundamental principle of the Revolution , that that noble and learned lord differed on this subject from the person at the head of the administration ? Did the Secretary of State for the Home Department differ from him ? He could hardly think that the person who wished from his heart that Maynooth College had never existed , was hostile to the principle of his leader . Perhaps it might be said that the new addition to their strength 75 differed on this point . Of the noble lord he alluded to ( lord Castlereagh ) he was unwilling to speak in his absence . He could not , however , forbear saying , that it appeared to him the principles of that noble lord were even very much what he himself described Europe to be , `` in an unsatisfactory state . '' Agreeing to the principle of those who advocated the claims of the Catholics , that noble lord could never see a convenient time for the application of that principle , so that he fully coincided in the practical part of the conduct of his coadjutors . Perhaps it would be said , the noble earl opposite differed on this principle . But as the leading members of the cabinet maintained the necessity of exclusion , and the others blindly followed them in their practice he was warranted in stating the present administration to be founded on a principle of resistance to the Catholic Claims . The noble and learned lord had said , he had never heard of any sermons lately preached on this subject . Where the noble lord bad lived he knew not ; but he knew that within these few weeks , persons invested with the sacred character of clergymen , forgetting all the principles of that religion which they professed , instead of preaching the doctrines of peace and unity , which it was their duty to preach , had thought proper to endeavour to inspire one part of the community with hostile feelings against their brethren ; and of those persons who acted this most unbecoming part , some were supposed to be seriously connected with the persons who composed the present administration . One of them it appeared , from the Gazette , was lately selected to be one of the chaplains to the Prince Regent—Had he not a right therefore to call the existing cabinet a cabinet of intolerance , preventing that union of common interests and affection , so necessary to the country in her present hour of peril ? They had heard that night of broad and narrow administrations ; and the noble and learned lord on the woolsack had observed , that nothing was so mischievous as a broad-bottomed administration . With this character he was disposed to concur ,