, that the direction of our affairs is pot reposed in the hands of men favourable to the adoption of a measure , on the success of which , in ray firm conviction , depends our security , if not our existence . As to the Catholics , I hope and believe ; they will persevere in the dutiful and loyal conduct which they have hitherto observed ; trusting to the ultimate justice and liberality of parliament for that redress of their grievances which it is still to be hoped is at no very great distance . They see that the sentiments of their liberal Protestant countrymen are decidedly with them . They see that the more their claims are discussed in this House , the more their cause gains ground with every enlightened and unprejudiced man within and without these walls ; and they will excuse me , if I suggest to them the wisdom and policy of not suffering their zealous but imprudent friends to cast in their way impediments not essential to their religious tenets . Among the numerous Petitions on your table , Sir , the only ones against the Catholic Claims , are those of the two Universities , and that of the Protestant corporation of Dublin . With respect to the first , I must beg pardon , for declaring that in ray opinion , they appear on the face of them , to have been obtained only by the manœuvres of a small faction , trying to gain ministerial favour . As to the Petition from Cambridge , the meeting from which it proceeded was not convened until late on the Saturday . The Sunday was employed in a clandestine canvas for votes , and the Petition was carried on the Monday , by a majority of only five votes . Sir , there is a passage in this Peti- 1000 tion bears internal evidence of the haste with which the whole was drawn . The Catholics may console themselves in the disgrace reflected upon their opponents by the nonsense they have uttered . If there be any member of the learned body who signed the . Petition , who can interpret the passage I shall quote , he will deserve the distinction of a new professor 's chair . The passage is as follows : `` And that the power of the Pope , though for various reasons lessened in the public opinion , is notwithstanding now more dangerous to us than ever , being itself brought under the controul of a foreign , and our most inveterate enemy ; and that the petitioners as members of a Protestant University are confirmed in their apprehensions of a foreign influence , from the tendency which it is reported appears among some of the Roman Catholic petitioners for the Bill to wards affecting the King 's supremacy in the Church . '' Now let any man alive—let all the Cantabrigians in this House come forward ; and , if they can , explain these words to those to whom they are addressed ; and yet those few members who convoked the meeting and framed the Petition , are pleased to call it the Petition of that learned University.—The Petition from the University of Oxford stands in some-what a similar predicament . For of the thousand members belonging to that University , not more than one hundred attended the meeting at which the Petition was proposed ; and in the minority upon the division respecting it , were the vice chancellor , the two proctors , and several heads of houses.—I am sorry , Sir , to detain the House , but I feel it necessary to trespass upon them with a very few more observations . The right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer has assured us , that the Protestant mind of England is decidedly hostile to the Catholic Claims . I should be glad to know where he discovered that fact ? The right honourable gentleman resides and has long resided in the metropolis . He is well acquainted with London and Westminster . He is not without partizans or influence in