loss of their situations , if they should sign the Petition . I shall not mention their names , because that would involve them in the very danger with which they were threatened , and would invite oppression towards them . I know an instance , and could prove it , of a person extremely friendly to the measure , who had agreed to keep the Petition in his house , in a county town , during the assizes , for signatures . On the gentleman , to whom he gave the assurance , calling on him on the following day , he said— '' Sir , since I saw you , I have been threatened with the loss of my office , if I shall suffer the Petition to remain in my house . '' Various other instances of the most unwarrantable interference , was quite notorious in many parts of Ireland . .—I protest I know nothing of the circumstance of the sheriff of Carlow . .—I maintain that the Petition has been smuggled about for signatures in '' a clandestine , underhand manner . Not one-third of those who had signed it , knew any thing of its contents . I have not read it ; but from the cowardly way in which it was handed about , I do not believe it contains the names of one hundredth part of the Protestant property of Ireland . It is easy for members to make assertions of matters of which they are totally ignorant . I can speak positively as to the north of Ireland , and from thence the signatures , I know , were very insignificant , those from the misguided men of the county of Down excepted . .—The right hon . and learned doctor has stated to the House not only a correct opinion , `` that it is exceedingly easy for members to make assertions of matters , of which they are wholly ignorant , '' but he has likewise afforded the strongest possible illustration of it in his his own speech ; he having told the House in the first sentence , that he never had read or seen the Petition . The assertion , therefore , of the learned doctor , `` that this Petition does not speak the sense of the majority of the Protestants of Ireland , '' can not have any weight , when placed in opposition to that of the right hon . gentleman who has presented it , and who has had every opportunity of knowing the true purport of it , and on whose veracity the most implicit reliance may be placed . 487 But if there existed any doubt on this point , it may easily be cleared up by looking back to the divisions in the two last Catholic Petitions , in both of which a considerable majority of Irish members voted for the prayer of them . This is in itself a decisive proof that the Protestants of Ireland are favourable to the claims of the Catholics . In respect to what has been said by the learned doctor , as to the manner in which signatures to this Petition have been obtained , he is equally unfortunate in his inference ; for , if instead of the quiet , disinterested mode , pursued by those who were the advocates of it , similar acts of energy and influence had been resorted to , to those which distinguished the enemies of it , in the place of thousands , who now appear as parties to it , the signatures of ten times their number could readily have been acquired . As to the Petition of the corporation of Dublin against the Roman Catholics , no man the least acquainted with that corporation , and the influence of government over it , by means of the dependance of most of its leading members upon the pleasure of government for the lucrative places they hold , can allow that it deserves the smallest weight whatever . Let the House recoiled lord Wellington 's act for establishing a police in Dublin , and they may