when the relaxation of the penal code was first thought of , then was the happy time to have placed matters on another footing . Every step taken then , has but enhanced the difficulty now . Had the parliament of Ireland at that time contemplated the question in all its bearings , —had they said to the Catholics at large , `` we are anxious to admit you within the pale of the constitution—but there are some practical points which we must first discuss with you , —there is something for you to modify for us , as well as something 916 for us to concede to you ; —the policy of our ancestors has fatally estranged your clergy from the state , yet placed , without intending it , great influence in their hands ; —we propose to connect this body with the government , at least enough to disunite them from a foreign power : —we do not like to see them depend for subsistence upon the feelings of their flocks , —we are ready , nay , we insist on paying them stipends for their maintenance : —we object to their foreign education , but we propose not merely to educate them at home , but to secure by proper regulations that what is taught shall not afford occasion for any reasonable jealousy to us : —we can not permit them to continue to exercise a consistorial jurisdiction unacknowledged by our laws , and opposed to their regulations , determining on marriage , and of course on legitimacy , succession , and property : —they must also co-operate with us in dispensing a reasonable system of education to the lower orders of the people : '' —Sir , if this offer had been made , I feel confident it would have been then accepted . I do not believe their clergy would then have been disposed to hesitate ; or , if they had , I believe the universal feeling of their laity would have brought them to compliance ; at that time when , in the words of their first Petition , they were '' with hearts full of loyalty , but overwhelmed with affliction and depressed by their calamitous and ruined circumstances . '' But the Irish parliament had no such views . They proposed that this clergy should take oaths and not stipends . They left their hearts and affections , and habits and interests , exactly where they found them , and threw the doors of the constitution open wide , just enough to admit all those from whom they had any thing to fear , but to exclude those from whom they had little to apprehend , —and , conferring real power without even nominal satisfaction , they gave , as the worthy finale of their proceeding , the power which they conferred into the hands of the Church which they neglected : allotting exclusion for the aristocracy , and power for the mob , and oaths for the priests , and content for none . And I fear the cardinal error of their preceeding was , that they rendered difficult , perhaps unattainable , the only measures by which their error '' could be corrected . For who is there that supposes any such arrangements could be effected 917 now ? Now , after thirty years of the increasing property and increasing power of the Catholics , perhaps of their increasing prejudices against us , certainly after thirty years of their political exacerbation . But , to draw an inference on this subject , we need not dwell on general principles . Look to their conduct on the Veto , a matter which for nine years they were ready to grant , an arrangement which their bishops under their hands consented to abide by , and which they refuse to concede at present : Why ? Unless because they are determined to concede nothing ? I shall here dismiss the measures of the Irish parliament , so far as related to the concession of political power . An important branch of their policy remains for consideration : their remedy for