a wiser man than he ( lord Clarendon ) dissuaded him from it , James 2 wished also to rely on a regular army , but they deserted him in his distress . He would maintain that as the law now stood , the magistrates were not justified in letting the soldiery loose upon the people , and giving them up to military execution . The Riot Act allowed the constitutional officers , sheriffs , constables , & c. to interfere , and justified those constitutional officers in using force , if the populace would not disperse in a certain time after reading the act . The Riot Act did not prescribe that the soldiery should be ordered to fire upon unarmed multitudes , in order to disperse them . He conceived that the expence of these barracks would be a great objection in the present times , but it was on the unconstitutional tendency of the measure that he rested his principal objection to it . was firmly convinced , that however the question might be disposed of , or what ever might be thought of the details of it , there would be very few persons found either in the House or in the country to follow the hon . baronet in his argument , or to concur in a single sentiment which the hon . baronet had uttered . He believed that the hon . baronet was extremely mistaken , if he supposed that the speech which he had just delivered was likely to make any great impression out of the House , or that he would be considered as acting under a sound discretion , when at this period above all others—when his mind could not fail to be impressed with the disgraceful scenes that every day occurred in a particular part of the kingdom , the hon . baronet held out to the people that those measures , the employment of which cruel necessity compelled , were re- 1149 sorted to for the purpose of crushing the liberties of the subject , and that this was a government not of the law , but of the sword . He believed that it would be almost universally felt , that the steps which government , or which the magistrates thought proper to pursue , were not for the purpose of crushing the liberties of the country , nor to make war with the people , and subdue them ; but for the purpose of protecting the valuable lives and the valuable properties of his Majesty 's subjects from rioters and incendiaries . These were the people whom the hon . baronet appeared now to have taken under his protection ; and this mob of rioters and incendiaries were called by him , the people ; and government was charged with making war upon the liberties of the people , because they would not allow a turbulent populace to destroy all the valuable accumulations of wealth , property and ingenuity in the realm . To preserve the peace of the districts so disturbed , government had been obliged to draw troops from different parts of the kingdom ; and this was what the hon . baronet called making war upon the people and subverting their liberties . He ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) could , without much difficulty , attribute the speech which the House had just heard to its true origin . The hon . baronet had no doubt strongly in his recollection the steps which government had been obliged to take to repel the tumultuary aid which had been offered to him in resisting the laws of the country . He might now confidently say , resisting the laws of the country ; for the law had since been recognised and settled in the most formal manner in the tribunal , to which the hon . baronet chose to appeal , —a Trial by Jury . The hon . baronet doubtlessly meant that the constitution had been violated , and the liberties infringed some few months since , when government was compelled to send a military force to quell the multitude raised by