the disease , but is of itself another disorder , that goes to the dissolution of the empire . For this has Oxford , for this has Cambridge petitioned with good intentions , I must suppose , but they have petitioned for the dismemberment of the empire . Sensible of this , the people hare not crowded your table with applications against the Catholics ; on the contrary , the property and the Protestant , interest of Ireland have petitioned for them ; and , in addition to this , a number of the leading characters in England have declared they can not accept of office without taking measures for the relief of the Catholics . This is a great security ; in this security , with other circumstances , I would advise the Catholics to place much confidence . Nothing could be more fatal to their cause than despair : they may be certain that their application must ultimately succeed , and that nothing can add to its natural strength more than the temper with which it is conducted . I know the strength of the cause I support : it might appeal to all the quarters of the globe ; and it will walk the earth and flourish , when dull declamation shall be silent , and the pert sophistry that opposed it shall be forgotten in the grave . I can not think that the civil capacities of millions coupled with the cause of this empire , which is involved in their fate , shall owe their downfall to folly and inanition . As well might I suppose the navy of England to be blown out of the ocean by a whirlwind raised by witches , or that your armies in Spain and Portugal 742 should be laid prostrate by Harlequin and his wooden sword , as that such interests as I now support should be overturned by a crew of quaint sophisters , or by ministers , with the aid of a few studious , but unenlightened ecclesiastics , acting under the impulse of interest , and the mask of religion . The people , if left to themselves , and their good understanding , will agree ; it is learned ignorance only that would sever the empire . As the call of the House may have brought together many gentlemen who did not attend the former debates on the subject , I beg to apprize them of some further objections with which they must expect to be encountered . They will be told that the people of Ireland are base and barbarous , and are not equal to the exercise of civil capacities ; that is , that the first order of Catholic gentlemen in Ireland , who are to be affected by the repeal of these laws , are base and barbarous ; that is to say , that in the course of 600 years , the British government in Ireland has made the people of that country base and barbarous , or , in other words , that your government has been in Ireland a public calamity . They state the Christian religion , as exercised in Ireland by the majority of the people , to be another cause of this evil , and thus they suggest as the only remedy the adoption of a measure which would banish from that island her government and her religion . The folly , the indecency , and the insanity of these objections do not deserve an answer . They will tell you moreover , that the spirit of the Act of Settlement , which deposed the reigning prince for his attack on civil and religious liberty , commits the very crime it punishes , and goes to deprive of civil liberties one-fourth of your fellow-subjects for ever . Desire those men who tell you so , to shew the clause in the Act of Settlement of such an import , and ask them why they , in defiance of an express provision in the act , raise foreign Catholics to the highest rank in the army ; ask them why the Eucharist , which overpowers