this manner are proselytes obtained , and mingled with the offspring of such Protestants as may avail themselves of the institution . And how are they taught ? A catechism is put into their hands , consisting of , I believe , 45 pages , in which are three questions relative to the Protestant religion ; one of these queries is , where was the Protestant religion before Luther ? '' Answer , `` in the Gospel . '' The remaining forty-four pages and a half , regard the damnable idolatry of Papists ! Allow me to ask our spiritual pastors and masters , is this training up a child in the way which he should go ? —is this the religion of the Gospel before the time of Luther ? that religion which preaches `` Peace on earth and glory to God ? '' Is it bringing up infants to be men or devils ? Better would it be to send them any where than teach them such doctrines ; better send them to those islands in the South Seas , where they might more humanely learn to become cannibals ; it would be less disgusting that they were brought up to devour the dead , than persecute the living . Schools do you call them ? call them rather dunghills , where the viper of intolerance deposits her young , that when their teeth are cut and their poison is mature , they may issue forth , filthy and venomous , to sting the Catholic . But are these the doctrines of the Church of England , or of Churchmen ? No , the most enlightened Churchmen are of a different opinion . What says Paley ? I perceive no reason why men of different religious persuasions should not sit upon the same bench , deliberate in the same council , or fight in the same ranks , as well as men of various religious opinions , upon any controverted topic of natural history , philosophy , or ethics ! '' It may be answered , that Paley was not strictly orthodox ; I know nothing of his orthodoxy , but who will deny that he was 648 an ornament to the Church , to human nature , to Christianity ? I shall not dwell upon the grievance of tythes , so severely felt by the peasantry , but it may be proper to observe , that there is an addition to the burthen , a per centage to the gatherer , whose interest it thus becomes to rate them as highly as possible , and we know that in many large livings in Ireland , the only resident Protestants are the tythe proctor and his family . Amongst many causes of irritation , too numerous for recapitulation , there is one in the militia not to be passed over , I mean the existence of Orange lodges amongst the privates ; can the officers deny this ? and if such lodges do exist , do they , can they tend to promote harmony amongst the men , who are thus individually separated in society , although mingled in the ranks ? And is this general system of persecution to be permitted , or is it to be believed that with such a system the Catholics can or ought to be contented ? If they are , they belie human nature ; they are then , indeed , unworthy to be any thing but the slaves you have made them . The fact '' staled are from most respectable authority , or I should not have dared in this place , or any place , to hazard this avowal . If exaggerated , there are plenty as willing , as I believe them to be unable , to disprove them . Should it be objected that I never was in Ireland , I beg leave to observe , that it is as easy to know something of Ireland without having been there , as it appears with some to have been born , bred , and cherished there , and yet remain ignorant of its best interests .