. In fine , the Bill , if it should pass into a law , would , in his opinion , cause the greatest confusion in Scotland : it would strike the whole people with immeasurable astonishment . The House had lately heard of Ireland coming in person to their bar—of Ireland appearing there with her imperial crown , demanding the concession of what were called rights , but what he might conceive as privileges , which , if granted , would endanger the safety of the state . The House had lately been threatened with this pompous appearance ; but he did not appear in his place as the advocates for Ireland did . He asked no privileges , —he prayed for no favour ; but he demanded the fulfilment of a contract , the preservation of rights which were never considered injurious to any mortal , which were the legacy given to her children by an ancient kingdom , and which were now sanctioned by an Union of one hundred years . observed , that notwithstanding the high authorities of Junius and Wilkes , he had always thought the assertion a calumny , that the Scottish nation was attached with peculiar fervour to any thing in the shape of pecuniary emolument ; the speech just delivered had induced him to waver in his opinion , and perhaps his countrymen might thank the right hon . and learned gentleman for a confirmation of the truth of the statement . He ( Mr. L. ) could not give the Scotch credit for that zealous attachment to monarchy which had been so much boasted ; nor would he dwell upon the subject , lest the headless ghosts of a Charles and a Montrose should be conjured up in the imaginations of the members for North Britain . He had passed a considerable portion of his life in Scotland , and he would not , as their countryman to-night had done , be so unjust as to assert , that he had noticed any peculiar affection for the majesty of inefficiency , or the dignity of idleness . With regard to the immediate question , he was fully convinced that the 1163 true reason why the influence of the aristrocracy of Scotland was so debased , was because these places , now the subject of contention , had been continued . It had been said , that persons of high rank and distinguished talents should fill sinecure offices , as the reward of meritorious services . He thought that this argument came with a very bad grace from those who had advised the recent appointment of colonel M'Mahon . In his opinion , if there ever was a time when it was fit that this power of augmenting influence should be wrested from the hands of the crown , it was the present . When it was known that there prevailed in the court a base system of unprincipled favouritism— [ hear ! hear ! from the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ] What ! did the right hon . gentleman , of all others , express his dissent ? With all other men it had ceased to be a matter of doubt.—It was notorious that the Regent was surrounded with favourites , and , as it were , hemmed in with minions . If there was among them a man of note or talent , there certainly was not one of any character—nor had a single individual selected the slightest claim to a farthing of the public money.—He would not now notice the merits of colonel M'Mahon , because a fit opportunity would soon be afforded for doing so , but thus much he would assert , that the public who paid him , knew nothing of any services he had performed . He thought that any minister who dared to recommend such an appointment , possessed a degree of fortitude and boldness , that scarcely fell to the share of any other individual in the kingdom . He was not one of those who would be parsimonious of public money , where it was claimed by merit , but he would