thus in allegiance to two authorities , in a matter of doubt , consider his spiritual duties first , and his temporal duties afterwards . Therefore , my lords , I can not see that there is any possible principle by which you can act with safety to your-selves , if you make the proposed concessions . As long as this country is a Protestant country—as long as you maintain its government by Protestant laws , I do profess myself that I am at a loss to see how it could be safe , to put persons who entertain such opinions as these , into the possession of places or power of any considerable importance . My noble friend says , that the danger now is not so great , when compared with the circumstances of the present day , as it was formerly . I certainly am disposed to admit that these opinions might , indeed , according to different times and circumstances , be more or less dangerous ; but if ever there were circumstances in the history of the world where they were more dangerous than ever , now is that time . Formerly , when the question discussed was between Protestant and Papist , Catholic Europe was divided . There was a balance of power between the different states of Europe : and the very circumstances arising out of that balance made the Pope an independent power : but now , circumstances are quite different , because all the continental nations are under the influence of France . My noble friend has alluded to the present situation of the Pope , and he has stated that his holiness , acting upon the dictates of his own conscience , rather than forego the maintenance of his own opinions , has submitted himself to the degradation and humiliating situation of a prisoner to the French authority . Now , if that Pope should in the course of nature be taken off , we have no security for his successor . Who has the power of deciding as to his being canonically elected ? Do we not recollect the present circumstances of the times ? —Do we not know that the greater part , I may say the whole of Catholic Europe is under the dominion of France ? 636 Do we not know that Rome is at this moment considered the second town in the French empire ? Under these circumstances , then , who is to decide what dangers may not arise ; and what new and dangerous increase of power may not be added to the Papal authority ? Therefore , my lords , I can not see any circumstance '' which make the danger less now than it ever was . The dangers may have diminished in some respects , but then my noble friend puts an argument which he admits , after all , must , even in the most fanciful judgment of every man in the country , be allowed ; namely , the danger of making these concessions before the consequences of these dangers are discussed . But I will fairly state , that upon the fairest view I could take of this subject , the result , in my mind , has been this , that the danger of granting the concessions at this moment is , upon the whole , greater than that of withholding them ; and , therefore , if the danger in the former case appears much greater , upon the comparison , I should rather be inclined to risk the latter than run the chance of the former . I think it my duty here to consider what the danger of concession is , as far as it respects the security of the government . My noble friend does not see how this is to form a part of the question . Now , the question which we ask of those who conceive the Catholic claims should be conceded upon the general grounds that are stated , is , if this was granted would there be a complete barrier against all further demands ? What security