view of the subject ? I do not mean to say , nor do I mean to suppose , that the right hon . gentleman means to propose concession to the Catholics without securities : indeed I am very sure , the right hon . gentleman himself , would not wish to yield to the prayer of the Roman Catholics without some terms and conditions being proposed . But , I trust it will not be imputed to me that I am unreasonable , when I require of those who are themselves against unlimited concession , and who think that it can not be done without conditions accompanying it , —that we should require , I say , of them what these conditions are , what they may be , and upon what grounds we shall mutually stand ? Nothing , I think , can be more reasonable , before we are called upon to go into a committee . What are we told , however ? — '' That if those terms be examined—if those securities be investigated—if those guards be deliberately viewed and ascertained , the Roman Catholics will be offended ! '' Why then . Sir , if the proposed concessions are to be hurried through the House without examination ; if we are to have no opportunity of calmly deliberating upon the subject , they had better be reserved till the third reading of the Bill , and then tacked to it by way of riders , to prevent those unpleasant but fair observations which must arise upon them . Now , it is for the House to consider , whether they will listen to such an unreasonable proposition as this ; and whether they can attend to the prayer of the petitioners under such circumstances . It is not possible that the House can suppose , that those who really think that this measure ought to be granted , and think , at the same time , as they say they do , that it must be connected with terms and conditions , that they are not satisfied in their own minds what they should propose . In fact , Sir , no other conclusion can be drawn from the mysterious silence of gentlemen respecting the nature and operation of these securities , but this—they know they have nothing to propose that will either be accepted by the Roman Catholics , or 967 which will be endured by the Protestants . They must know that this is the case . Have not those hon . gentlemen , who have already lent themselves to this question , done so entirely upon the supposition that something would be proposed ? Have they not said , `` as far as this goes we will vote for this question , in expectation of having these restrictions on secure grounds ? '' Has not the hon . member for the city of Dublin stated , that the reason of his giving his vote now , and his formerly withholding it , was because he was now in hopes of hearing what those conditions are ? If gentlemen have any conditions to propose , let them name them . But if they have not , it is not a fair proceeding by parliament—by the Roman Catholics—by this House—and by the Protestants . The fact is , that because they mean nothing , they mention nothing . They have no safeguards to propose , and therefore they are silent . It is because those gentlemen opposite have not formed in their own minds any distinct opinion of what it is they would propose , or what they would pledge themselves to , that they are thus silent . All they say is , that this measure would have the effect of conciliating the Roman Catholics , for which alone , it is said , they bring forward this motion . Now , they have tried their hands once or twice with this view , but they have failed . Does any body believe , when lord Grenvile says at the time of his communication with Mr. Pitt , and during the number