expressing their opinion upon the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo . That place had been taken with a rapidity altogether unparalleled , and utterly astonishing even to the enemy , whose commander had calculated that he would have been in time enough for its relief , if he arrived there at a period , which turned out to be nine or ten days subsequent to the date of its capture . The exertions made in the siege of Badajoz were not less extraordinary than those which distinguished the attacks upon Ciudad Rodrigo . Their lordships had seen the proofs of the strenuous resistance made on that occasion , —of the difficulties encountered in the course of the siege ; but , notwithstanding every opposition , in 12 days from the opening of the trenches , the place was in the possession of the British army . In looking at the circumstances attending this noble effort , it was impossible for any heart not to feel a glow of admiration at the skill and decision of the commander , and the gallantry of the of ficers and troops . The conduct of general Picton had inspired a confidence in the army , and exhibited an example of science and bravery which had been surpassed by no other officer . His exertions in the attack on the 6th could not fail to excite the most lively feelings of admiration . It appeared that three practicable breaches had been made , that the enemy had expected the attack to be made by these breaches and had employed every imaginable means for effectual resistance . That resistance , ( he had this from an eyewitness , ) was one of the most formidable efforts that had perhaps ever been made in any war . Their lordships , indeed , might judge of the nature of that effort , when they considered its effect upon troops certainly not liable to be deterred by difficulties in the execution of any hazardous enterprize , whatever might be the obstacles to be surmounted . On the one 1045 hand general Picton , and on the other general Walker , however , had succeeded by escalade , at the extremities of the place . It was impossible to contemplate without admiration , the conduct of the latter attack , which was only designed as a feint at first , to be turned into a real attack afterwards , if circumstances should allow . That division had got into the fortress by escalade , where there was no breach , and in the face of a strong bastion . It was impossible to contemplate this occurrence without feeling it due to general Walker to say , —and a higher praise could not well be bestowed—that his conduct had sustained the reputation which he had acquired on former occasions . He hoped he would live to give his country the benefit of those farther services which he had proved himself so capable of rendering . This was the officer who had distinguished himself so highly at the battle of Vimiera , where he commanded the 50th regiment , and manœuvred it in such a manner as to defeat the efforts of a body of the enemy five times the number of his own troops . So conspicuous had been his merit on that occasion , that the French general who was then taken , without knowing who general Walker was , earnestly desired to be introduced to him , stating that he had done what he had never seen done before in any battle . He thought it due to general Walker to advert to this circumstance , and he had only farther to say , that the vigour , promptitude , and spirit , which this excellent officer had displayed at Vimiera , were at least equalled by his conduct in the attack of Badajoz . It would be in vain to attempt to particularize the conduct of other officers where all had so eminently distinguished themselves . The public dispatches must have apprised their lordships of the gallant conduct of generals Colville , Kempt , Bowes , and the other