the discussion of this subject . You are called upon to make—not a particular concession , —but to concede the whole ; and upon grounds , as I think , inconsistent with the general security of the establishment of your country ; and upon that ground I give my opposition to this motion . —My lords ; I rise to say a very few words upon the motion before you , in support of the vote , which I feel it my duty to give on this question . The Petition before you speaks the sentiments of the great body of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , praying for final Emancipation from the penal restrictions under which they labour , merely on account of their religious sentiments . It is signed by very great numbers of the Protestant population of the country , eminent for their characters , for their loyalty , for their attachment to their king , country and constitution—for their great landed property , and consequently for the great stake they possess in every thing which can interest them in the security of the constitution , in the maintenance of the state , and the permanent tranquillity and happiness of their country ; which happiness they firmly believe to be vitally and insuperably connected with the complete Emancipation of their Roman Catholic brethren ; who labour under political grievances , in the removal of which , I believe in my conscience , there would not be the least danger to this Protestant state ; while , on the contrary , I do most sincerely think , that removal would be equally beneficial to every description of his Majesty 's subjects—that it is essential to the maintaining the security , and the existence of the British empire ; and to the union of all hearts and bands within that empire , for its defence against the clangers by which we are surrounded . In presenting to your lordships the particular Petition which I had the honour of laying on your table , I only complied with the solicitations of a very numerous body of the , Protestant and Catholic gentlemen residing in that part of Ireland where I am more immediately interested , and I sincerely wish that I may prove a successful 642 instrument of obtaining for the Catholics of Ireland , the object of their claims shall not longer detain your lordships by referring to arguments which have already been so much more ably and eloquently urged ill favour of those claims , than I could do , and I shall conclude by giving my decided vote in favour of the motion . —My lords ; the question before the House has been so frequently , fully and ably discussed , and never perhaps more ably than on this night ; that it would be difficult to adduce new arguments for or against it . But with each discussion , difficulties have been removed , objections have been canvassed and refuted , and some of the former opponents of Catholic Emancipation have at length conceded to the expediency of relieving the petitioners . In conceding thus much however , a new objection is started ; it is not the time , say they , or it is an improper time , or there is time enough yet . It '' some degree I concur with those who say , it is not the time exactly ; that time is past ; better had it been for the country , that the Catholics possessed at this moment their proportion of our privileges , that their nobles held their due weight in our councils , than that we should be assembled to discuss their claims . It bad indeed been better `` Non tempore tali `` Cogere concilium cum muros obsidet hosts . '' The enemy is without , and distress with '' in . It is too late to cavil on doctrinal points , when we must unite in defence of things more important than the mere ceremonies of religion . It is indeed singular , that we are called together to deliberate , not on the