It was his firm conviction , that if our soldiery had not been trained and accustom ed to the system of flogging , they never would have been seen to lend themselves as they did in a certain reign of terror in a neighbouring kingdom , which he hoped yet to see investigated . Adverting to the navy , he said , that he had in his possession a book of punishments in one ship in 1809 , kept by the master of arms ; and in six months there were upwards of 14,000 lashes inflicted ! This was enormous , when the proportion as to severity of flogging in the navy was considered . In one part of the book , a person was entered as having leaped overboard , and been drowned , to avoid three or four dozen of lashes . could conceive nothing a greater insult to the service , than such allusions to flogging in the navy as had been just made by the hon . and learned gentle man , without giving the House the means of ascertaining their truth , by a statement 393 of names . They were little less than a libel on the whole navy . He could tell the hon . and learned gentleman that there was nothing to which the Admiralty paid so much attention , as Corporal Punishments ; that returns of all the punishments inflicted in each ship were sent to them ; and that had such a case occurred , it would have met with their severest reprehension . professed himself willing to deliver up the book which he had alluded to , to the Admiralty . He believed it might be of service to them . corrected an hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) in an assertion he had made respecting an order of the commander in Chief , refusing pensions to per sons labouring under blindness . That had occurred only where there was proof of deception . wished to be informed by an hon . gentleman , at what lime returns of Corporal punishment were ordered by the Admiralty ? could not recollect when . though not prepared to con cur entirely with the hon . baronet ( Sir F. Burdett ) , or his hon . friend ( Mr. Brougham ) , wished to vote for the motion , because the production of the paper was necessary to the case of gentlemen on the other side of the House . shortly replied , when the House divided . rose to make his promised motion on this subject He protested against the idea of making a long speech ; for when the object was plain and clear , the explanation might and ought to be brief . He had to call the attention of the House to a train of sufferings not exceeded , perhaps not paralleled , by those of the slave , —in all cases equally unjust , and in most equally attended with horrid and calamitous circumstances . He alluded to the stale of the Irish Peasantry under the present laws , as they related to the recovery of rent . In that country there were gradations and classes of those pernicious holders called middlemen ; and the distress for ail their consecutive rents might be levied upon the peasant who tilled the ground . He 394 might thus have to pay his own rent , and the rents of ten people above him . This was a genuine oppression , and it had occurred as such to other people 's minds . The noble earl here alluded to a correspondence between two great law authorities , which he had seen , and which described the practice as likely to be highly oppressive . The consequence of enforcing the law , according to the present system , was the certain beggary of the tenant , whose ordinary rent was the utmost that his labour could extract from the ground , and who , of course , when a double or a triple rent was demanded from him , had no resource but abandoning all , and wandering