to the distilleries . said he had been informed , that the distillers had sent to Mr . Pole exaggerated accounts of their stocks of grain , and in confirmation of which he read part of a letter . of Dublin said , that the alarming price of provisions in Dublin had excited a strong sensation , so much so , as to induce the magistrates to make representations on the subject to the lord lieutenant , with a view to the adoption of some measure of relief . He agreed that the stopping of the distilleries now would be unjust , but thought they might be prevented from commencing again , as usual , in September , and that they ought to be obliged to suspend their work until the January following . Such a measure would , in his opinion , be sufficient to relieve the apprehension of scarcity . , from all the information which he had been able to procure , was not of opinion that any sound apprehension could be entertained of a scarcity . It had been stated to him , that in many parts potatoes were still sold at 4d . per stone , which certainly could not be called dear . The fact , he believed , was , that the deficiencies were local , and fully compensated by the abundance of other parts of the kingdom . The evil , he conceived , was one that would naturally remedy itself , unless this effect should be counteracted by the activity of magistrates , or the government . said , the subject was of the highest importance , and if there was really a prospect of scarcity in Ireland , it deserved their immediate consideration . He hoped the House would keep in mind , that the information they were possessed of was at present very defective . It appeared that in many parts there was great abundance , and the mischief chiefly arose from the difficulty of transporting provisions from one part to another . The House would therefore be cautious how they stopt the exportation of provisions from Ireland to England . As to the stoppage of the distilleries in 234 Ireland , it was to be considered , that if we stopt them where they were legal , we gave advantage to those which were illegal ; which , while it would be no saving of the quantity of human food , would in a very material degree injure the revenue . , in answer to the observations of Mr. Shaw , stated , that the Irish government had received no information which could lead them to think there was a general scarcity . On the contrary , his opinion was , that there was plenty of grain , and that the increase of price and consequent alarm was owing to certain outrages and speculations which had taken place . If there was any apprehension of a general scarcity , he could assure the hon . gentleman that government would take any step which might be necessary , even were it the total stoppage of the distilleries ; but as that was not the case , he thought they should not proceed to do what must injure the revenue , and the agriculture of the country . adverted to the situation of the peasantry of Ireland , who , he stated , were by the operation of the by the laws ( as was also sometimes the case in this country ) compelled to pay rent two , three or four times over . For the purpose of relieving them from this distressing situation he had prepared a Bill , which he proposed to present to their lordships tomorrow se'nnight ; and therefore moved , that the lords be summoned for that day.—Ordered . also observed , that he wished to call their lordships ' attention to another very important subject . With respect to persons holding certain religious tenets , there were two opinions , the one that they should be admitted to hold civil offices , and the other that they should be disqualified from holding offices