affections of our fellow subjects and guarantee the public safety , by yielding to the call of policy and justice ; or , by indecision and delay , prolong the season of disunion and danger , with the certainty of , a perhaps too late , repentance . .—Though as an advocate for the equalization of the Catholics in every political right with their fellow subjects , I must feel highly gratified in general by the turn this debate has taken , there have been expressions in the warmth of discussion I could have wished omitted . Much censure and some bard terms have been bestowed on the opposers 952 of the measure . I could have wished our efforts had been confined to shewing the fallacy of their apprehensions of danger , and that fears of the subversion of the constitution in either Church or Stale , were in the highest degree groundless , idle , and even ridiculous . To such fears , however , do I alone believe we owe the opposition at this moment shewn to the measure . When I look round and see the numbers unfortunately opposed to us ; when I consider how the character of numbers of them stand in every one 's estimation , it is in vain to charge the opposition we meet with to the spirit of bigotry , persecution , or party . Many hard words have been bestowed on my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . I owe it to candour and justice to say , that from the time he became minister , he has risen in the estimation of the public . For one , however , deeply I lament his too powerful opposition to what I think a most advantageous measure . I believe that opposition to arise from the purest and fairest motives ; I will add , I believe in common with most , if not all our opposers , if we could convince them their fears were groundless , they would cease their opposition . To remove these fears should then be our main object ; and I could have wished that even a still larger share of the shining abilities evinced in this debate , had been bestowed on this point , instead of abusing , however justly , laws now obsolete and abolished , and those , who still support the remnant of that wretched code once law . The penal code being at one lime law , I allow the onus probandi of advantage of a repeal lay on those who proposed that repeal . They did succeed in obtaining a repeal of much the greater part . We can , I think , shew no dangers are likely to accrue from the repeal of the whole . To this should the real well-wishers of the measure bend their force . The benefits arising from such a measure , as tending to promote the peace and harmony of the empire , no one denies . The dangers real or imaginary are urged by its opposers as so great , as to occasion a probable preponderance of evil . It is fair to ask , what are these dangers ; are they serious dangers , or are they insurmountable : and are the two religions at complete variance ? I , for one , believe in truth , the difference not great : that during the progress of the Reformation , and for some time after , whilst the Catholics might hope to regain the immense property their Church had lost , and the 953 other side feared for their acquisitions : that the differences between the old and new Churches should be held to be irreconcilable is natural , but now when the fears of the resumption of the abbey lands , and the temporal power of the Pope are mere bugbears , that it should not be seen ( one or two dogmas excepted ) that the Established Church differs but little from its parent , is to me surprizing . I believe , should the distinctions made by law between them ,