he knew not who ought to hold a drawing-room unless it were her Majesty . , in explanation , denied having asserted , that it was improper for the Queen to hold a drawing-room . All that he said was , that the Princess of Wales ought to be placed in such a situation , as to enable her Royal Highness also to hold a drawing-room . observed , that the additional sum granted in the early part of the present session to her Majesty , was so granted on the express representation that the Princesses were to remain with her : and now they came forward for separate establishments . The establishment of the Princess of Wales was only 5,000l . a year , and therefore he did not think any delicacy was exhibited towards her Royal Highness by those who talked so much about it . then introduced several new clauses . On that being proposed by which the commencement of the operation of the Bill was fixed for the 18th of February last , , adverting to what the right hon . Secretary of State had said of delicacy , expressed his surprise that the right hon . Secretary had made this observation , at the same time that he must be aware of the course and conduct pursued by the right hon . gentleman ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) who sat next him , on an occasion highly interesting to that illustrious individual . He would ask if there had not been at a former period a solemn proceeding on the case of the Princess of Wales—if that case had not been referred by his Majesty to his ministers for their advice—if on that advice , her Royal Highness had not been received at court—if the right hon . gentleman 's right hon . friend had not then caused to be 450 printed , at a private press in his house , a large number of copies of a detail of the transaction , for the purpose of giving them to the world ? Why the work had been suppressed , he did not know . But he knew that several copies which had got abroad were bought up at a large expence , and he believed that certain advertisements offering rewards to those who would bring copies of the work to one Lindsell , a bookseller , proceeded from the right hon . gentleman or his agents , When these facts were notorious , he knew not why members of that House were to be arraigned for asking questions ; certainly in one point of view , of a private nature , but of very great national importance in another . said , he did not rise for the purpose of answering the questions which had been put by the hon . gentleman . When he spoke of the conduct pursued by him and his friends , on the present and on similar occasions , when he had talked of delicacy , he did not flatter himself that his observations would be attended with much effect . But he thought it his duty to state his opinion , which he did not look upon as that of a single individual ; for , if he knew any thing of the feelings of the public on this subject , there was no part of the conduct of the hon . gentlemen opposite which had created more disgust and disapprobation than the manner in which they had introduced this matter to the House . Though he by no means expected that what he had before said would have any weight with them , still he was surprised that the hon . gentleman should put a question to him on a business , with all the details of which he must be aware he ( Mr. Ryder ) was not acquainted . But , after the opinion he had given on the subject , if he even were perfectly master of those details , he should conceive himself as acting with extreme inconsistency if he returned an answer . proposed his amendment , that instead of