a state of segregation gives them a character of individuality ? It is quite wonderful that you do not perceive it to be your own erroneous policy , in discriminating the Catholics as a body , which renders them as a body formidable either in power or disposition to your present establishments . This , I allow , will not fully meet the notions of the noble and learned lord . It matters not in his contemplation , what are the feelings , or the wishes , or the occupation , of the Catholics . The Pope may at any time intervene ; his instructions must be obeyed by the clergy ; and the instigations of the priests will instantly pervert the multitude . I repeat that all this may equally happen in the present state of things ; and that the interference would be attended with augmented danger from being applied to minds fermenting with irritation and disgust . But let US leave these speculations , and resort to something which ought to be more decisive on the question . You have here on your table a Petition in favour of the claims of the Catholics , from most of the principal Protestant possessors of landed or other property in Ireland : from men whose conduct through life is sufficient pledge that in this step they are following no hasty suggestion , and whose connections are irrefragable proof of their attachment to existing establishments in Church and State . What is the inference you ought to draw from such a document ? That men so circumstanced , and who must be the immediate sufferers , if the measure to which they solicit you be a wrong one , can not but be convinced that the tranquillity of Ireland , and the consequent security of the British empire , re-qjuires the uniting the Catholics with their Protestant brethren in one common bond of 660 amity , which can only result from purity of interest . Are these Protestant proprietors deceived ? Their eyes have been upon these Catholics for years past . They speak to you from experience and long continued observation of their own neighbours . And will you oppose to that the gratuitous assumptions of the noble and learned lord ? Here I must observe upon a very mischievous mistake which appears to pervade the reasoning of all those I have heard argue against granting the prayer of the Catholics . They seem to think that you have only to reject this Petition , and that the matter will then be at rest . At worst , in their conception , you will only have to be teazed with a similar application next year . My lords , you are not in a situation in which you can afford to benumb the zeal and palsy the exertions of so large a proportion of the population of this empire . All the energies that your best policy can call forth will not be more than you will find necessary in the sequel of our difficulties . I speak now as if your rejection of the Petition was only to damp the ardour of the Catholics as to your cause . That would be the sole effect with the considerate among them , but the considerate are few in any mass of people . Your wisdom ought to calculate the probable operation of a disappointment , now attended with peculiarities which might , seem to bar all future hope from appeals to your justice and your liberality . Recollect that a vigilant and insidious enemy must have been busily watching the course of these dissatisfactions ; and assure yourselves that he has emissaries who will not neglect the moment , if they see the discontents ripe enough to be fomented to extremes . What a juncture it must be for them should you , with an expectation no less preposterous than your decision would be injudicious , desire the Catholics to retire from your bar , and sit down quiet under not only wrong but contumely . I say contumely , because it has unhappily been slated in this debate