of ordering a discharge of the arrest , unless he was ; certain that the order would justify his doing so . thought Mr. Dan ought at 161 any rate to be called to their bar , and told how the law stood in that respect . said it was a question of fact , and was of opinion that no prima facie case was made against Mr. Dan , and that , as it did not appear he had any disposition to treat the privileges of the House with contempt , it was not necessary that he should be ordered to attend . thought if nothing farther were done , and it appeared on their Journals that no steps were taken in consequence of such a breach of privilege , attornies might hereafter refer to this case , and tell those offending in a similar manner , that it was of no consequence , and no notice would be taken of it by the House . when the responsibility of the man who discharged an arrest was considered , thought a fair excuse appeared for Mr. Dan . It seemed there was no christian name mentioned in the order , and therefore it might well be suspected that it was intended for another Mr. Campbell , and that the person arrested attempted improperly to take advantage of it . He thought enough had been done to assert the privileges of the House , and hoped they would give the parties concerned no farther trouble . understood , that Mr. Dan had said `` Do n't mind the order of the House , but keep , your prisoner . '' He thought he could not say this in ignorance , and that consequently a farther enquiry was necessary . [ The short-hand writer 's notes of the evidence were here read . ] agreed that this was a question of fact , but thought the attendance of Mr. Dan necessary , as he had doubted whether or not an order of the House could legally protect a person from an arrest . If he should appear to have doubted not the effect of an order of the House , but whether the order produced were genuine , or if he had doubted whether Mr. Campbell was the person entitled to its protection ; he thought there would be but one opinion in the House , that he should be discharged . Since , however , Mr. Dan had been stated to have doubts on the subject , it was proper that be should be ordered to attend to state on what those doubts were founded . thought it appeared that Mr. Dan , considering the circumstances altogether , wished to have the opinion of counsel , before he discharged the person : but if it was thought neces- 162 sary to have an explanation from his own mouth , as to whether he disputed the authority of the House , or only the authenticity of the instrument , he should have no objection to his being called . said , the act was a manifest breach of privilege , and those who would state the case most favourably for Mr. Dan , must own that there was at least great doubt in his expressions . If the motion before the House was , that he should be taken into custody , what had been stated by the gentlemen opposite would have great weight , but they did not go the length of disproving the propriety of an order for his attendance . said , he had received a letter from Mr. Palmer , a witness attending a Committee of that House , complaining of having been arrested , ( a laugh . ) He did not know that the case was marked by circumstances so aggravating as those which characterized the former one ; however he should move , that John Palmer and Alexander Grace , sheriff 's officers , do attend the House to-morrow.—The motion was agreed to . rose and moved , That the three first of the Resolutions which , upon the 31st of May , 1810