by his Majesty 's ministers , but by the privy council . apprehended , that the Petition was for money ; and as a petition for money , it could not be received by the House without a previous recommendation on the part of his Majesty . The noble lord by whom it had been introduced , had rightly stated , that there was no actual demand for money in the prayer of the Petition , but at the same time he had properly admitted , that pecuniary remuneration was the ultimate aim , and necessary consequence of the Petition . Such , certainly , was the true construction to be put upon the Petition , and no one could possibly entertain a different opinion . Gentlemen on the other side were in error to contend , that there was no other mode of bringing the subject under the consideration of parliament . On a statement of the facts contained in the Petition , they might 169 move for papers to elucidate those facts ; and if the House thought a sufficient ground was laid for the production of the papers , they would afford sufficient means of judging of the true character of the proceeding alluded to . Whatever might fall from hon . gentlemen in the heat of debate , he was convinced that they did not really themselves believe , that there was any premeditated injustice in the present case . It certainly was a case which had been attended with considerable difficulty . It had long occupied the attention of the privy council . They had compared the conflicting memorials on the subject , but they had certainly not heard counsel . The law officers of the crown had been consulted by government ; and the result of all those deliberations and consultations was a determination to set aside the illegal appointment altogether , without any reference to the character of captain King ; and to leave the parties in the same situation as if that appointment had never taken place . As to L'Espoir , the appointment of captain King to that ship proceeded from the same source as his appointment to the Diadem , and consequently was equally illegal . He received his share of the prize-money as a lieutenant , which was his legal rank . He was very ready to own , that captain King having long acted as captain , might feel himself disappointed in his expectations of receiving a larger share of prize-money than that which he actually did receive . He expressed his regret that such a meritorious officer should experience any mortification ; but he confessed that the case did not appear to him to be one of such hardship as to demand relief from the Droits of Admiralty . Had his opinion been different on this subject , nothing would have been more easy than to have remunerated captain King from that fund , without doing any injury to sir Hume Popham , to whom he had been so strangely accused of sacrificing captain King 's interests . He trusted the House would pause before they authorised the bringing of prize causes before them . They must be aware that such a step would be an encroachment on the prerogative ; but they were not aware of the multiplicity of perplexing business in which such a proceeding would necessarily involve them . He begged to caution gentlemen against abandoning themselves to the first feelings of liberality ; unless indeed gross abuse and oppression were clearly established . He trusted that the 170 House would agree with him in rejecting the Petition , on the ground which he had before slated , namely , that it was a Petition for money , not recommended by the crown ; leaving the question open to discussion in any other way , should the case appear to demand it . was not prepared to say , whether the present came within the rule of the House ; but he thought , generally , that it was a Petition directly asking for a grant of public money , and not one which