as it were , into such a corner , that it was hardly possible for the defaulter to escape . He did not deny that some blame attached itself to 193 those whose duty it was to look to the ac-counts , but still he contended , that to detect the defaulter was very difficult , from the nature of the accounts . He had him-self on one occasion examined a person on the subject , and been imposed upon . said , he had introduced Mr. Chinnery in 1783 , who had been private secretary to the then lord chancellor , lord Thurlow . Mr. Chinnery was strongly recommended by the lord chancellor , and in consequence he ( Mr. Rose ) took an opportunity of naming him to a situation . He understood , about nine months after he had done so , that Mr. Chinnery ac-quitted himself in a very satisfactory man-ner , and that he was very ingenious , and at the same time attentive to his duty . For four or five years Mr. Chinnery appeared to go on very well , but after that time he got into an extravagant way of living , which he ( Mr. Rose ) thought ill became his situation . He remonstrated with him on the subject . Mr. Chinnery , from the two agencies with which he was entrusted , and the accounts of the Treasury , which he had to manage , was in the habit of receiving not less than 4,000l . per year . The produce of one quarter was usually given into his hands at once , which was about 1,000l . and the security of Mr. Chinnery was 3,000l . On his remonstrating with Mr. Chinnery on the extravagant way of life he had got into , he replied that he was enabled to do so by the support which he drew from other funds than those with which he ( Mr. R. ) was acquainted . The right hon . gentleman said , that he had never known what those funds were , nor that any such were in existence . From the situation in which Mr. Chinnery had been , he had certainly no reason to think him in possession of any thing of that kind . When he ( Mr. R ) was in the Treasury , 14 or 15 years ago , Mr. Chinnery , in consequence of a remonstrance , assured him that the world were much mistaken in his circumstances , as he had other resources than he was generally known to possess . From that period , he ( Mr. R. ) had ceased to speak to him frequently , and had indeed very seldom spoke to him since . About a year and a half ago , he saw Mr. Chinnery was still going on in the same extravagant manner . On this occasion he wrote to him a letter , in which he told him , `` that nothing could be more scandalous than the style in which he lived . That he ( Mr. R. ) was certain that he could have no honest 194 fund capable of supporting such expences , and that though it was nothing to the world how persons lived who were differently situated , yet in the situation of Mr. Chinnery such a course must appear reprehensible to all . He farther told him , that he had always observed , that when a man greatly exceeded his income , there was but little security for his honour , and that feeling this , he should communicate his thoughts on the subject to his right hon . friend . `` —He thought there was no excuse for Mr. Chinnery , as he had been living in a shamefully extravagant manner for 14 or 15 years . Mr. Chinnery had been in the habit of giving concerts , which were attended by performers of the first celebrity . When he spoke to him on this subject , he was answered , by Mr. Chinnery , that they were friends of his , and that these musicians would receive