the enemy deceived by the celerity and the secrecy of those arrangements , that they were evidently unapprized of the intended movement until it was too late for 1071 them to entertain any hope that they might be able to collect a force adequate to the defeat of the object which the British army had in view . As soon as his preparations were complete , lord Wellington proceeded to Badajoz . He arrived at Elras on the 11th of March . On the 16th he invested Badajoz . On the 17th he broke ground , and pushed forward his operations with all the rapidity which the utmost exertions of the officers and soldiers of his brave army enabled him to do . The House are in possession of the details immediately subsequent , from the pen of the noble and gallant officer himself ; and I am sure that any attempt of mine to re-state them , will but tend to weaken the effect which they are calculated to produce . It appears , however , that the fire from the second parallel opened on the 31st of March ; and that practicable breaches having been effected in two of the bastions of the fortress , on the 6th , at night , lord Wellington gave orders to proceed to the storm . The plan on that occasion was , that lieutenant general Picton should attack the castle by escalade with the 3d division—that major Wilson , with a guard from the 4th division , should attack the ravelin of St. Roque ; and that the hon . major general Colville at the head of the 4th division , and the light division under lieutenant colonel Barnard , should attack the breaches in the bastions . Lieutenant general Leith , with the left brigade of the division under major general Walker , was to make a false attack upon two of the out-works . This feigned attack was not expected to take effect , but directions were given to turn it into a real attack , if circumstances should prove favourable . At ten o'clock at night , the attack commenced . The exertions of the troops on that occasion were never exceeded . They had to contend against an able general , who commanded a powerful garrison , not exhausted by the casualties and privations of a long siege , but capable of making a determined resistance to their assailants , and prepared by every means to give to that resistance the best chance of success . The conflict continued for above two hours , during which period the enemy resisted with a gallantry which it is due to them to say , was as glorious as that of their assailants . It is undoubtedly true , that the assailants were exposed to infinitely greater danger ; but we owe it to the enemy to acknowledge that they de- 1072 fended themselves with the utmost spirit and determination , and in such a manner as to produce no inconsiderable effect . While this dreadful conflict was going on in the breaches , general Picton succeeded in his escalade , and established himself in the castle Major Wilson carried the ravelin of St. Roque . Major-general Leith pushed forward major-general Walker 's brigade , which converting the feigned into a real attack , and aided by the 38th regiment , and the 15th Portuguese regiment , forced the barrier on the road of Olivença , and escaladed the bastion of St. Vicente . Our troops being thus established in the castle , which commands all the works of the town , and the 4th light division being formed again for the attack of the breaches , all resistance ceased , and at day-light next morning , an unconditional surrender took place . Sir , in calling the attention of the House to these gallant and distinguished exploits , it is impossible for me not to advert to the loss which our brave army sustained . The House must be aware , however , that in the attack by storm of such a fortress as Badajoz , the loss must