( lord C. ) and his right hon . friend had stated . The reason which he had for not extending the measure to Ireland last session , was on account of the absence of many Irish members , and not from any view that it would not be desirable for that country . He had stated that it was his opinion that the circumstances of Ireland , in a certain degree , varied from those of England , so as to exclude at that time its introduction . As to the supposed pledge of his right hon . friend , he apprehended , that he had stated quite the reverse of what the noble lord had imputed to him ; for his right hon . friend bad stated , that if nothing short of making Bank notes a legal tender would serve to correct the evil , a remedy to that extent must be applied . He thought , that so long as the Bank of England were prohibited by law from paying their notes in gold , the legislature owed it to the subject to protect him against any demands which were not under these circumstances equitable ; because , by not affording that protection , great injustice might be done to the subjects of the realm . In that opinion his right hon . friend had coincided . With respect to the practice in Belfast and its vicinity , the noble lord was misinformed , for the practice was the reverse of what he had stated ; contracts were made there to pay in pounds sterling , and not in gold . Guineas had ceased to be the circulating medium , and therefore the subject could not pay his debts in gold ; and ought to be protected by law from being called upon to do that which it was totally out of his power to effect . explained , that he had a clear recollection on both the points , in which the noble lord had supposed him to be in error . would not oppose the motion for leave to bring in the Bill , but observed that it was very evident from the speech of the right hon . gentleman him self , that the country was already in the situation which bad been predicted last session , namely , in a situation of moving from bad to worse . He asked in what respect did this measure fall short of making Bank notes a legal tender ? The answer was , that they were to be legal tenders only in a court of justice . But what law was there which could compel any man to part with his goods or property contrary to his inclination ? The fact was , that this Bill went to affect immediately all interests and every class of society . If he 9 were to buy 1,000l . worth of plate , would he not be perfectly secure in paying for the commodity in Bank notes ? If the silversmith brought an action in a court of law , the payment into court of 1,000l . in Bank notes would be an acquittal of the defendant . And how then could this Bill be said not to go the full length of making these notes a legal tender ? He implored the House to consider well this subject before they came to a decision upon it . Unless he could himself perceive an altered disposition in the House , he should deem all endeavour at argument superfluous and unnecessary , for , after the protracted and lucid discussion which the measure of last session had undergone , after the able report which had been presented by the committee on the subject , nothing could be expected from opposition but obloquy , and the man who stood forward against the Bill would be accused of a wish to subvert public credit . At the same time , he had that opinion of the right hon . gentleman 's good sense as to believe , that he had experienced no small degree of pain in coming to a resolution