and learned friend did ; but then he must be convinced , before he could change his opinions , that the system of conduct adopted in this country since the Revolution , and the principles on which the Revolution was founded , were erroneous . If Catholic emancipation could be proved to him to be for the general benefit of the state , then it should have his vote ; but at present he saw nothing but 70 danger in concession . It was on this ground that his resistance to an extension of privileges and power to the Catholics , rested ; and , indeed , he was ready to confess , that whoever resisted it on any other grounds , must be an object of detestation . The noble lord who introduced the motion took great pains to persuade the House that it arose solely from his own individual impulse ; who doubted that ? The noble lord might have given himself very little trouble on that point ; it was of much more importance to consider what was his proposition . He wished it might be read , that the contrast between its complimentary professions , and the wish by which it concluded , might be fully apparent to the House . It began by using the most flattering language towards the Prince Regent . He was told in the beginning of it of his wisdom and prudence , and all his other good qualities and qualifications , and then it quarrelled with the only act which the Prince Regent had done since the cessation of the restrictions . The noble lord proposed , certainly , a most desirable object ; that was the formation of an administration calculated to conciliate all his Majesty 's subjects . Who disagreed with the noble lord on that point ? But he also stated that such an object was impossible of attainment from the known principles of the present administration . He wished for a broad-bottomed administration , which , by the bye , was in general the most mischievous of all administrations . ( A laugh . ) He would assure the noble lords who seemed to feel this allusion , that he did not mean to speak ill-naturedly of them . Some how or other they had been for a long time out of humour with him ; he was sorry for it , for he really wished them every happiness , and if he knew of any means whereby he could promote their comfort , he would be always ready to use them . But to return ; the noble lord proposed a broad-bottomed—a more extended administration : what did this mean , after he had staled that the members of the present administration were , from principle , so obnoxious to the formation of any such administration ? How would the noble lord extend the administration , if he himself and all his colleagues were to be excluded ? As to the opinion in which the present administration was held by the public , he believed that the people of this good-natured country were weak and foolish enough to sanction it by their confidence . Good-natured people were 71 always weak . But let the cause be what it might , it so happened , that the confidence of the country was possessed by the administration ; and that was certainly no very great reason for addressing the Prince Regent to change it . If the Prince Regent had any power at all inherent in himself , it was that of choosing his servants . What he said in 1807 he would now repeat , and that was , that he did not understand what advisers the sovereign could be supposed constitutionally to have in the act of choosing an administration . After an administration was chosen , then , indeed , there existed responsible advisers ; but antecedent to that he did not know where to look for them . How this reasoning applied to one of the letters , he would leave it to the noble lords to judge . The particular mention of