laborious details of government at a much more advanced stage of life , it could not be expected that he should possess those facilities in transacting public business , or that severe application to them which was the result of early habit in his royal father , and he would be overwhelmed at once by the mass of business which must come before him , were it not for the assistance of a secretary in the minor details of arrangement : —looking , therefore , at that part of the question alone , without adverting to the enormous increase of duties annexed to the functions of the sovereign , arising from the present state of the country , he could not but consider the present motion as the most extraordinary one that was ever brought before that House . It seemed to him to betray deep marks of a disposition to complain in the absence of all grounds of complaint—a determination to find grievances where none existed ; but , he thought at the same time , that it displayed a miserable poverty of invention . When the hon . gentleman informed him some time ago in private , that he meant to bring the question before the House , he had told the hon . gentleman , that he should always wish his political opponents to choose such weak grounds of attack . Great pomp and solemnity had accompanied its whole progress to the present moment . A month or six weeks ago notice was given by the hon . member of a motion upon a most important constitutional question . Expectation was excited—the day arrived , and , lo ! they were to decide whether the Prince Regent was to have a private secretary ! Really he thought it a subject hardly to be viewed with that solemnity which the hon . member 348 wished to attach to it ; he thought it was brought forward rather for party views—rather for the purposes of misrepresentation than any other . It was to persuade the country that colonel M'Mahon would be the organ of communication between that cabinet behind the throne , of which so much had been said , and the official servants of the crown . He was to be represented as the channel through which would flow that stream of secret influence , of unseen power by which the subordinate agents of governments were supposed to be directed . But , did any body believe all that ? Such commonplace declamation might serve very well to turn a paragraph in a newspaper , in order to keep alive an impression unfavourable to government , but was hardly worthy of serious refutation : it was very well , to be sure , that it should be used by those who thought the Prince Regent 's pleasure could not be properly communicated , because they were not the objects of it . He was afraid that he had troubled the Mouse too long upon a case which really appeared so extremely plain ; but he trusted he had said enough to shew , that the subject of the present question was not of that grave nature which had been represented ; and that the appointment of colonel M'Mahon as private secretary was neither unlawful nor inexpedient , unless the House were prepared to make the Prince Regent one of the greatest slaves in his own dominions . , in explanation , denied having used the expressions respecting the private attachments of the sovereign with the reference imputed to him by the right hon . gentleman . thought the right hon . gentleman was perfectly right in making a speech for the hon . member ( Mr. Elliot ) , in order that he might be able to answer it in his own way . The fact was , that the hon . member referred to , had never alluded to any sovereign , in particular , who chose the public servants of the crown merely from feelings of private friendship ; and for his own part he hoped that no king of England in the present or in