they may deem themselves wantonly aggrieved ; I can not therefore but think that those who freed 819 the Catholics from so many of the restrictions under which they laboured , who bestowed on them the power of acquiring and devising real property , the right of voting at elections , and the other political privileges they now enjoy , must have intended to go further , and can not have viewed these concessions any otherwise , than as the foundation of a system , the object of which was ultimately to grant to that numerous body all that in reason or justice they could require—a participation in all the benefits of the constitution , in common with their Protestant fellow subjects . When we consider who it was that advised his sovereign to recommend to the parliament of Ireland the grant of the elective franchise , and when we advert to his subsequent conduct , can we entertain a doubt that his intentions were such as I have described . Mr. Pitt , endowed as he was with the richest gifts of nature , was incapable of believing that a man could spend the prime of his life in the study of the law ; that he could for years gather the laurels , and earn the profits of his profession at the bar of his native country , and yet indulge no wish beyond , no desire to preside in a court he had perhaps adorned by his talents , or enlightened by his knowledge . He was not so ignorant of human nature as to imagine , that the love of military glory could carry a gallant soldier into foreign climes , to brave danger and disease , and death , at the head of his battalion , or his company ; and yet that it should not make him pant with all the noble ardour that belongs to such a feeling for the honor of leading a brigade , or heading an army of his victorious countrymen . Mr. Pitt never thought that a great Catholic proprietor could see himself invested with influence enough mainly to contribute to the election of a Protestant member of parliament , without looking forward with eagerness , to the time when that influence might be exercised on his own behalf , or on that of a brother Catholic . He knew full well that the very way to make men grasp at a favourite object , is to put it almost within their reach ; and he never would have placed it there , had he not intended that they should obtain it . If the principles of the Catholic faith are incompatible with those of the constitution , why did you ever give them political power ? If they are not , for what reason do you withhold from them what yet remains to be granted ? You have told the Catholics , over and over again , that 820 they are good and loyal subjects ; and you have gone farther than empty words ; in consequence of this good opinion of them , you have trusted them . Have they proved themselves unworthy of your trust ? If not , why , in the name of consistency , do you refuse them your entire confidence ? The situation in which the question now stands is precisely that , in which , consistently with reason and common sense , it can not be maintained ; and by placing it there , we have made a most material difference in the argument to our own disadvantage . As long as the penal laws remained in full force , the Catholics had nothing to hope but from peaceable demeanour and good conduct on their part . The onus probandi lay on them . They had to prove themselves worthy of being admitted within the pale of the constitution . You thought they had succeeded in their proof , and you admitted them accordingly to a very large share of power and influence . By so doing you took the burden of the proof from the Catholics and imposed it on