to it , and the paper currency of other nations , which had been held up as a warning to this country . He had also the satisfaction of stating , that notwithstanding the distresses of our manufactures in various parts of the kingdom , the home consumption of excisable articles had rather increased than diminished . In the year ending the 5th of April , 1812 , the excise had produced 17,950,000l , while last year the same branch of revenue was only 17,399,000l . This increase of 600,000l . might in part arise from some small additional taxation last year ; but he believed he was justified in Stating , that 400,000l . of it arose from an increased consumption of excisable articles . It was true the branch of customs had suffered considerably ; but he was now enabled to state , that the general 294 produce of the taxes for the year ending the 5th of April , 1812 , amounted to 61,333,000l . The revenue amounted to 62,136,000l . on the 5th of April , 1811 ; and the defalcation this year would not exceed between 8 and 900,000l . which , considering the falling-off in the customs , afforded by no means an unsatisfactory view of the finances of the country . This information he had thought it right to communicate , as calculated to afford considerable satisfaction to the House , and , to shew that , whatever theories might be advanced , they had here the practice before them to prove that , with the circulation as established by law , they could support the revenue as it was . If his hon . friend 's theory about paying in gold was right , they would be in no better situation by adopting it ; but if erroneous , they would find they had been trying an experiment very fatal to the country . He trusted the House would therefore agree with him that there was not the slightest ground for alarm , and that they would not permit the extension of so beneficial a measure as the one now proposed to be retarded . said , he differed entirely from all the opinions of the hon . gentle-man ( Mr. Johnstone ) . He had never known or heard of any bank that deserved to be compared to the bank of England , or whose credit had ever risen to any thing like an equality with the credit of the latter . He had heard much of depreciation arising from excess , but he confessed he saw no evidence of such excess . Gold indeed had risen in price as wheat had lately , from scarcity , and scarcity alone . The real wealth of a country , however did not consist in any amount of the precious metals , but in the amount of its effective labour , and if the export trade could but be re-opened , all our difficulties would disappear . The hon . gentleman had said , that the country bankers ought to be compelled to pay the twelve millions of small notes which they had issued , in cash ; but it was rather hard to talk of forcing the country bankers to perform impossibilities . They bad hitherto acted from a desire to accommodate , in the full confidence of the solvency and wealth of the Bank , and had first limited their issues far below the real amount of gold in their possession . He could not but be struck with the doleful tone in which the hon . member concluded . He had himself no such despondency , and considered the cases referred to as altogether inapplicable 295 to such an institution as the Bank , and to the present condition and circumstances of the country If the people were unanimous , he had no doubt but that we should weather the storm , and find a natural remedy for the difficulties that surrounded us . As to what had been said on the connection between government and the Bank , he was fully persuaded of the perfect independence of the Directors