to record my sentiments on the subject , I am anxious to do so , as two reports have been industriously circulated , which have no foundation the first , that I intended to resist the grant . On the contrary Sir , I think too much credit can not be given to the First Lord of the Ad- 19 miralty for bringing forward this measure ; and I think there is no officer in the British navy who will resist the application of money to give security to the roadsteads of this country . The second report was , that I had a plan of my own to propose . I really . Sir , have no such thing in contemplation : I was called upon by the government of 1805 to give an opinion on the practicability of establishing Breakwaters , and the best mode of doing it . I did so . Sir , but it was on condition that my opinion should not be publicly acted upon , without my going down to Plymouth and examining the Sound thoroughly to enable me to revise that opinion ; but I recommended , in the strongest manner , that a committee of experienced naval officers , with an engineer , should be sent there to examine the sets of tides , & c. and a variety of other technicalities with which it is not necessary to trouble the House , as many of its members , both in and out of office , have read that report . Quite satisfied . Sir , that a more able man than Mr. Rennie can not be found , I am equally satisfied of the great advantage which the service has derived from the works which Mr. Bentham has continued at Portsmouth : and , as civil engineer to the navy , I wonder he was not consulted . I think the country would have been better satisfied , if they could have seen attached to the reports , the name of the present commander-in-chief at Plymouth , the appointment of whom has done so mach credit to the present First Lord of the Admiralty . This gallant officer might have called to his assistance his second in command , another very meritorious officer , and the captain of the St. Salvador , captain Nash , than whom a more zealous officer , or a better practical seaman , does not exist In any service in the known world.—A report , backed by such officers , would have had the greatest weight in the country , and would have rendered it unnecessary to offer a word upon the subject . When I mention committees , I am completely within the practice of the present board : for I had the honour of being attached to a committee , consisting of three flag officers and a captain , to examine a gun carriage ; and if this committee , with the exception of myself , had been appointed to examine Plymouth Sound , and report accordingly , the House would have had such an authority to have acted upon , as would have made all discussion unnecessary . This Sir , is a subject on which 20 professional men have a great difference of opinion ; indeed , Sir , the very men whose reports are upon your table , differ as much as possible . The one says there is ample room within the Breakwater to moor fifty sail of the line , and that they can weigh at any time , and with all winds . Another says thirty-six sail of the line ; and a third tells you he agrees in general to the reports , but he would rather sign for thirty sail . The First Lord of the Admiralty last night reduced his opinion to twenty : and I do say that if the work can be accomplished to that extent , it will be a wonderful improvement , and do great honour to the present First Lord . I can not . Sir , carry my views to this extent : I do not mean to