are told that all this is nothing . But will any man of reflection and common sense say , that it is perfectly harmless ? Far be it from me to cast any reflection upon the moral character of the Roman Catholics . I am well aware that there are many individuals of that persuasion who are most worthy and valuable members of the community . I may say I have lived amongst them , and what I have thus observed is not with a view of disparaging those qualities which I know they possess . But on a great national and constitutional question like this , I could never forgive myself , were I to deceive them by holding out any hopes which must be founded upon principles in my humble opinion , subversive of the true interests of the commonwealth . I shall not say a word upon the policy or expediency of the subject ; nor take notice of the many arguments that have been urged under those heads in the course of this discussion . I have one general 852 answer on this subject , and which I shall repeat as often as this question is brought before parliament . Never let us cease for one moment to guard our establishment ; and never let us expose it to the possibility of danger at all . And I do not hesitate to say , that it is daily and hourly exposed to danger , even by those who call themselves its friends . One word more on this point : an hon . gentleman , the son of a right reverend prelate who also has spoken very eloquently in support of this question , has been held out to us as an example to prove that if there was any thing really dangerous in granting this question , he at least would not be likely to give it his support . But , Sir , I beg leave to say , that instance has not sufficient weight with me to lull my apprehensions ; for not withstanding the purity and liberality of his sentiments and intentions upon the subject , still I can not shut my eyes against consequences which to me at least appear obvious . And suppose even that the immediate question for going into a committee should be carried by a very great majority , still there are objects avowedly connected with it so utterly insurmountable , that it would , in my mind , be impossible ultimately to come to a satisfactory understanding . I sincerely wish well to the Catholics ; but being a member of the Established Church , and having a high duty to discharge towards the rest of my fellow-subjects , I must , to be consistent with my views of the constitution , vole against the motion . —Sir ; in this stage of the debate , I am very unwilling to trespass long on the patience of the House ; but I feel it my duty shortly to state the grounds of my vote . The right hon . gentleman has declared , that he can see no danger in conceding to the foreign nomination of the Catholic bishops merely in a spiritual sense , provided such securities can be given to us as shall be perfectly satisfacfactory that no danger from such nomination shall arise to our Protestant establishments . In that sentiment I should heartily concur ; but I have heard no reason yet assigned to induce me to alter the opinion I entertained when this question was last discussed . We are not now more secure , as much as has been said about the present situation of the Pope , than we were at that time . I am one of those that conceive , that if 853 the Catholic clergy are suffered to remain under a foreign influence , usually unconnected with and uncontrouled by government , we shall then place the Catholics just in the situation where the Protestants now are ; and they will next be desirous of having on the throne a king of their own religion ,