repeated to him the words referred to in the Petition , and certainly it was considered by them as shewing a great degree of insensibility on the part of the right hon . gentleman . remarked , that the expression had been repeated to him by a member of the House a day or two after it had been used . The Petition was ordered to lie on the table . said , he held in his hand another Petition from a number of the inhabitants of Liverpool , who had signed it in the course of one hour ; and had it not been necessary to send it off , in order that it might accompany the preceding Petition , it would have received a much greater number of signatures . The memorial of the present petitioners was not so much against the Orders in Council , as applicable to the expressions which they had heard ascribed to the right hon . gentleman opposite , ( a laugh ) ; and which , however ridiculous they might appear to some gentlemen , were yet calculated to produce any other sensations but those of levity and laughter in the minds of those to whom they were addressed . The petitioners , feeling the multiplied distresses of their situation , had heard with regret and astonishment , the figurative language of the right hon . gentleman ; from which they drew , at least , this conclusion , that the commercial measures of ministers were not to be relinquished in the smallest degree . The right hon . gentleman had disclaimed his having treated the deputation with any thing like levity ; and he fully believed him , for he was convinced that neither that right hon . gentleman nor the Chancellor of the Exchequer , nor the hon . and learned gentleman , not now in his place , ( Mr. Stephen , ) who might be considered as the father of the Orders in Council , had now in their minds any feelings of levity or ridicule on this subject , but rather those of a very contrary description . The object of the present petitioners , however , was simply to express , not that the expressions of the right hon . gentleman conveyed insult of insensibility , but merely that they excite 1065 in their minds the most melancholy apprehensions , and destroyed all hope of any modification of the Orders in Council . They had imagined , that when so many memorials had been presented to ministers , some modification , at least , of those measures would have been made ; but now , instead of these expectations being gratified , they were to understand that this country was finally committed to a contest with the enemy , which of them should bear privations the longer . The petitioners also proceeded to observe with pain and sorrow , that many persons in this country were possessed of sinecures and pensions to a large amount , —men who had fattened on the war which had reduced them to distress . They contrasted the situation of these pensioners with their own deplorable condition , and prayed that these sinecures and pensions might be abolished altogether , and their produce applied to carrying on the war . This sort of language might be called indelicate ; but then the House should observe , that they were dealing with hungry men , who were very Utile removed from a starving situation . But whatever might be thought of some parts of this Petition , there was one conclusion which could not fail to strike every man , —namely , that the number of the Petitions which the House had received afforded a melancholy proof of the extent of the distresses , and the pressure under which the manufacturing and commercial interests laboured . Some of them were against the East India monopoly ; others against the Orders in Council ; and a third class , like the present , against the Orders , and also against Sinecure Places and Pensions . From all this he concluded , that the