they , after the testimonies they have given , and the pledges they have tendered , ( or implications of pledges equally binding upon honourable minds ) can consent to come into a government which is sworn to contend against the Catholics , is what they , perhaps , may , but what I can not account for . To him , however , I certainly will give the credit of sincerity , because he has told the people of Ireland conscientiously of his scruples , and he has told a higher power , that should he accede to their claims , he must make his bow and retire . If such persons as those to whom I have alluded , can condescend , after their former conduct , to hold the offices they now occupy , the House and the country will know how to appreciate their future pledges on any other subject . I believe the right hon . gentleman is sincere ; and I am persuaded , that his scruples proceed from a firm attachment to the Church : but , in the opinion which I entertain upon the subject , I think that concession to the Catholics is , in fact , the way to preserve the constitution , and , in preserving the constitution , to preserve the Church also ; for without the constitution , the Church is nothing : but if we mean to preserve both , we must gratify the Catholics . Under these circumstances . Sir , I give my hearty vote for the motion of my right hon . friend . —Sir , at this advanced time of the night , I can not think of troubling the House at any length , with a statement of the grounds upon which I shall give my vote against this motion . Sir , I think this is a question attended with so much difficulty and embarrassment on both sides , that it can be productive of no good consequences to either party in its discussion ; and as I think that any change in the laws of Ireland as they affect Catholics , could not be attended with the benefits that , it is suggested , would arise , it would , in my opinion , be better to leave them alone . Besides , in the present political state of the country , it would not be politic to agitate a question which can not 851 but tend to abstract people 's attention from the consideration of objects connected with our foreign relations . Unanimity , both in design and action , are of essential importance to our successful execution against a foreign enemy . Now , Sir , little disposed as I am to go into a discussion upon the religious part of this question , as it respects foreign nomination , I can not but think that there is in it greater danger than gentlemen seem to apprehend . I would ask what is there to prevent the nomination of a Catholic French bishop to some of the sees in Ireland ? and it would be unnecessary for me to point out the inevitable danger that would arise to the country from the nomination of such a bishop . Now , Sir , for my own part , the religious view of this question in matters of faith , I have always considered by much the most important ; and I can not but complain that in the course of this debate , it has been kept very much in the back ground . The Roman Catholic doctrine , in my opinion , leads to the most erroneous and dangerous conclusions ; and I do not hesitate to assert , that some of the tenets of that religion are as abhorrent to the true principles of Christianity as even Judaism itself . What is their zeal for that tenet of their creed called sacerdotal absolution ? I would ask is it any thing more or less than a cloak to all sin ? Can there be a more dangerous and subversive doctrine than this ? And yet we