. The next argument we hear , Sir , is , that the Catholics are entitled to emancipation on the score of their services in the army and navy ; and really , Sir , from the manner in which this part of the subject has been dealt with , one would naturally infer , that all the component parts of the regiments in our pay were Irish Roman Catholics , whereas , in fact , one half the privates of the Irish regiments and all the officers are Irish Protestants . I may venture to say at least one half and more . Now , Sir , because the Irish are willing to shed their blood in defence of their king and country , it is to be said that all these are Irish Roman Catholics . Why the fact is quite the contrary ; because the Protestants are more disposed to go into the array than the Roman Catholics . There is scarcely a Protestant in the north—I may say forty out of fifty Protestats in the north who have not served in the army . Pray what is the merit of a Roman Catholic soldier ? The man who is a soldier in the army , lives a great deal better than the man who is obliged to work in the field by his daily labour for his living . Besides does he not enlist at his own pleasure ? He is not pressed into the service . He lists from an heroic spirit—and prefers the idle life of a soldier , to the more slavish 755 one of hedging and ditching : and pray is there any thing unreasonable that the subjects of the King ( of whatever religion they may be ) should be called upon to defend these liberties which they enjoy in common with the rest of their fellow subjects ? for I maintain that the Irish Catholics enjoy more liberty of person , and-greater protection of property , than the most favoured subjects on the face of the earth . Look at the people of France , of Germany , of the Iberian peninsula , and of Italy , and can you find a more highly favoured people than the Catholics of Ireland . In Ireland you see the people governed under a benign constitution , their lives , their liberties , and their properties secure , whilst in those states , these valuable privileges of the wretched people are at the merciless tyranny of their despotic governors . Will the comparison stand ? What is the happy stale of the people of Ireland compared with the miseries of the wretched people on the continent ? Pray what reason is there to suppose that the Irish Catholic has any extraordinary merit when he enlists at his own will and pleasure ? Or that there is any peculiar hardship in his serving under a Protestant officer ? Is there any more duty , or any greater task put upon him than upon any other man who takes his chance in the army , and who enlists rather than be a common labourer ? For I know that is the reason many of them do enlist . They are naturally a brave set of men , and when they get into the army , they are as good as any other men ; and when they get abroad , and are mixed along with their Protestant fellow soldiers , they do their duty as well as them . But what claims have they from this to what is called emancipation ? Are they in a less happy state than any other men of their same rank in life in the kingdom ? While on the contrary how mach more happy are they than the rest of their fellow creatures abroad ? They are not dragged to the army in chains , as the wretched soldiers are in France and Germany . They enlist voluntarily , and what particular merit have they more than any other men of their rank , in entering the army ? They are well clothed , and paid for it