irrefragable proofs that stand in evidence of their unshaken loyalty , and undeviating attachment to the constitution ! And then . Sir , who are the authors of these books and , pamphlets on which so much stress has been laid ? Several of them are anonymous . One of them is 989 written by a Mr. Keogh , a young man heated by the ardour of youth , perhaps irritated by personal disappointments , but certainly not representing , and not accredited by the Catholic body . And yet this is one of the authentic documents on which we are called upon to form bur estimate of Catholic principles , and to reject all enquiry on the subject of the Catholic pretensions ! Sir , when the right honourable gentleman comes to talk of petitions , he never directs your attention to the north or to the south . He takes care never to advert to the petitions from the Protestant landed interest of every province of Ireland in favour of the claims of their Catholic brethren . He takes care never to advert to what is equally strong with any Petition ; —the total and acquiescent silence of every Protestant corporation and community in the United Empire , ( with the exception indeed of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge , and the corporation of Dublin , respecting all whose Petitions I shall say something by and bye . ) You are told that the great body of the Protestants of Great Britain are alarmed , and are decidedly averse from all further concessions to the Catholics . In support of these sentiments and to shew the foundation of these fears , the Chancellor of the Exchequer takes out of his pocket a book , from which he reads to you opinions and tenets which he says have been formerly entertained , and held at some Catholic college ; and he adds to these a number of extracts derived from a controversial pamphlet written by a Catholic clergyman—a Dr. O'Connor , neither acknowledged by nor connected with any Catholic authority civil or ecclesiastic , and for which work I understand the reverend author is at this very moment , under the censare of his superiors . Such , Sir , are the grave authorities upon which we are to be dissuaded from going into any enquiry into the Catholic claims . Still , however , as if to goad those whom you have made desperate to actual madness , you mock the Catholics by telling them it is not quite impossible the time may arrive for the consideration of their claims . The right hon . gentleman tells you , that when the Catholics desert the Pope—that is , when the Catholics cease to be Catholics , —then , and then only , shall their claims be entertained . Why , Sir , if the Catholics , deserting the see of Rome , were to abandon all submission to the spiritual authority of the Pope , they would be gathered among the 990 number of Protestants , and there would end all necessity for discussing the subject now before us . Another right hon . gentleman , ( Mr . Yorke . ) says , that in the year 1791 , he was of opinion some indulgences ought to be granted to the Catholics , but that he has since changed his mind , and that he will not now consent to any concessions to them until they agree to choose an Irish Pope . The House will judge of the probability of such an event ; and will thereby estimate the degree of decorum with which the subject is treated by this right hon . member of the administration ; the determination taken by the right hon . gentleman is of the same complexion as that taken by his colleagues on another branch of their policy , —they risk the commercial ruin of their country , rather than repeal the Orders in Council before Buonaparié shall , after their formula , have revoked his Berlin and Milan Decrees . The right hon . gentleman has endeavoured again