poor security ! —Not the want of power and of opportunity , for these we are at once to concede ; and to concede , because though their tenets remain identically the same , we are told their practice is reformed ever since these have been in precaution withheld ! Not that I am one of those who are for calling up this apparition in all the terrors with which darkness has invested it , I am ready to grant that these horrors of fire and blood , these plots and persecutions , these engines of excommunication and intolerance , have come down to us greatly heightened by bigotry and prejudice ; but I may say in the lines which were originally written of a Popish plot . Some truth there was , though dash 'd and brew 'd with lies , To please the fools , and puzzle all the wise : Succeeding times did equal folly call , Believing nothing , or believing all . 803 If I am asked whether , for my own part , I do not really believe , that these baneful influences are wearing out of themselves , I answer , I certainly do : if I did not , I should think that we had already conceded a great deal too much ; for I never can suppose that our ancestors imposed these then novel restrictions without experience of their necessity : we have granted more than many successive ages have thought it prudent to grant ; let us remember , if the Catholics have changed their spirit , so have we changed their condition ; if they have thrown aside their weapons , so have we laid aside our armour . Let any one compare the present condition of Papists , with that in which they stood at the beginning of the present reign ; and I think he can not but admit that , let their temper be never so much improved , concession has at the least kept pace with that improvement—and so it should be . But let us not be too precipitate ; let this proportion still be observed and graduated . Whilst a spark of this fire remains , there is risk ; and let us bear in mind too , that at this moment the eagles of France grips : in their talons the thunders of the Vatican . But when at last , ( and pray Heaven that day be not far distant ) these baneful influences , these obnoxious principles shall be wholly gone and vanished , as though they had never been , then none will more rejoice than I shall to see Catholic and Protestant all upon one fooling . But , alas ! That day is still in the womb of time ; these are not yet wholly gone and vanished ; from their own writings I could prove it , from their practice I could prove it , nay , if there were no other , I would need to look to no other proof than their refusal of the Veto ! Now I have mentioned the Veto , I would say a few words upon the subject of securities , without which I must confess I can look to no change of times and circumstances under which I could accede to this measure . Even upon the other side of the House a colour of some security is still held out , though in the same breath So much is thrown in about uselessness , and futility , and inadequacy to answer any purpose , that if we may found any conjecture , or form any probable estimate of what this particular project is from their general language , one would not be disposed to expect any thing very substantial or satisfactory , ( if even in point of fact 804 there is any project at all ) . I say conjecture ; ( without offence I say it ) for what other ground have we to go upon ? We are to pledge ourselves to the measure before the terms are disclosed . One suspects a buyer