the measure then passing through parliament . But he contended , on the contrary , that it made a great and general alteration in the country ; much more than the gentlemen of England were perhaps aware of . For the tenure of land in Ireland was very different from what it was in this country . Here the greater part of the soil was not let on lease , and much of the remainder on leases of from 7 to 14 years . In Ireland much of the soil was let for ever , or for terms of 99 years ; and the common leases , till within these 20 years , were at the shortest for a term of three lives or 31 years . Therefore , to suppose , that this measure was to afford relief to poor persons , or tenants at rack rent , was a misconception . The contrary was the fact ; and , in many cases , the interest of the tenant in the land was more valuable , and could be sold for more money at market than the interest of the landlord . As for the hardship of calling on tenants to pay this great premium for gold , in order to fulfil their contracts , it should be remembered , that it was only an increased nominal value which they paid . But was it in nature to be supposed , that it would be the general practice of landlords to call on their tenants , in a manner to distress them , and ultimately render them unable to pay at all ? This could not be imagined ; and , on the other hand , ought not the landlord to have the real value for which he originally let his land ? Suppose for instance , the depreciation went on , as , from all experience they were bound to believe it must do , what would be the situation of 290 the landlord ? He would ultimately be reduced , comparatively speaking , to starvation , while his tenant would enjoy a profitable estate . This , then , was the question , whether they were prepared to extend a measure of such sort to Ireland , without its being called for by that country , and without previous enquiry ? If the sense of the House should decide on this , at least the period of the operation of the Bill ought to be limited . They ought to be aware , that they were setting aside specific contracts made for gold , and , if they did this , why were they not to deal out an equal measure to this country , and interfere with those bargains , by which the tenant was bound to pay part of his rent in grain ? The sense of justice in the House was too strong , not to administer to both countries the law in the same manner . On these grounds , he was in favour of the amendment . Much had been said of the bank of Ireland . He believed it to be in as good a state as any body of the same kind , and with as good pretensions to character , as it never had entered into engagements which it was not able to fulfil . But still he deemed enquiry necessary , in order to be able to make the measure bear less hard on individuals . expressed himself happy to have heard the right hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) , and the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Ponsonby ) deliver their opinions on this subject , as it would thence be seen how they valued the interests of the tenantry of Ireland . Under the pretence of delay , for the sake of enquiry into the solvency of the Bank , which they all declared to be solvent , the whole of their arguments went to shew that the measure was not necessary to , and ought not to be extended to Ireland . They contended that the tenant in that country should be