were the doctrines of the Catholic religion , and what the practice of their Church ? Would not common 622 sense direct me to the countries where that was the religion ? Would I judge of the doctrines of this day , and content myself with forming an opinion upon them , by the practice of former times ? Would I not rather look to the formulœ and practice of the Church as it now exists ? My lords , it is upon that principle I will form my judgment on this night ; and I desire that you , in common justice and liberality , will ex-tend the same principle to the Roman Catholics at your bar : that you will try them upon the principles which they themselves profess , and not by any exploded doctrines that may foe found in controversial pamphlets or polemical disputes . What , in the name of God , is there in the nature of their tenets , dangerous to the liberty of the people , or the security of the state . ' What do you fear from the power of the Pope ? Has Buonaparté , who is , in fact , the present proprietor of his holiness , been able to wield his influence to any purpose ? Perhaps some of my noble friends may have attended to what has been passing for these few last years in Spain and Portugal . Has Buonaparté been enabled , by any use of his property in the Pope ; to produce any influence in his favour there ? Has he been able to establish a new dynasty , under a person of his own family on the throne of Spain , or to shake the foundation of that monarchy ? Has Buonaparté , with the aid of the Pope , been able to shake any of these principles of liberty burning in the bosoms of the Spanish people . What has been the great focus of liberty there ? The Roman Catholic clergy ; —it is an incontestable fact , that the Roman Catholic clergy of Spain have been the means of exciting the fire of that zeal which has so nobly distinguished their country men against Buonaparté and with the Pope in Buonaparté 's hands , what have they done ? Why , they have established the succession to the crown in the line of their own monarch , now a prisoner in the hands of Buonaparté ; and they have accompanied it with various constitutional revisions , to which no man will object on the ground of their being favourable to popular power . And yet they have done this while the Spanish monarch is a captive in the hands of Buonaparté , while the Pope was the unwilling property of that tyrant ; and they have done this in the very face of a nuncio of the Pope then residing at Cadiz . 623 What ! —can it be said that the power of the Pope is such , and that the principles of the Roman Catholic religion are so necessarily connected with arbitrary power But I must use one other argument on the subject , which relates to the danger that those subjects would lead me to apprehend . My lords , I confess upon my view of the conduct of that great event , the Revolution , we are to consider what were the springs of its promotion ; James 2 is strongly charged with an attachment to the Popish religion : certainly , I confess , although it formed a great and main feature of his character , and was one of those causes assigned for the Revolution , yet Popery was rather the symbol than the instrument of that arbitrary power which he attempted to establish . To enter now into a discussion as to which of these two objects most occupied his thoughts , is rather a point for historical antiquarians to ascertain , than a matter necessary to enquire here . Whether his attachment to Popery , or arbitrary power , was predominant , which of these he loved best , I