might be effected . spoke shortly in reply , and the amendment was negatived without a division.—The other clauses were then gone through without observation or 'amendment , and the report on the Bill ordered to be received . Seeing the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer in his place , I feel myself reluctantly called upon to intreat his attention to the present high price of grain . I say reluctantly , because I am fully aware , that extreme caution should be used in mentioning any thing that may be likely to create alarm on so serious a subject as a scarcity of provisions . But , impressed as I am with its importance , I could not excuse my self if I were not now to bring it under the notice of the House . The right hon . gentleman will do me the justice to bear testimony that the views I have taken , are not the creation of a moment , since at the conclusion of the last year , in the end of October or beginning of November , I stated to him my firm conviction ( the result of a circuit I had just made through the country ) that the crop would be deficient , and that early measures ought to be taken to guard against the inconveniencies which I foresaw must ensue . These sentiments I conveyed to the right hon . gentleman at a time when the competition between sugar and grain in the distilleries was in contemplation . I now , therefore , again beg leave to state the confirmation of my fears , and to tell him that there has been a most alarming advance in the price of grain in various parts of the country ; and this very day 's post has conveyed to me intelligence , that in a place particularly connected with my interests , and inhabited by my constituents , serious disturbances have broken out , in which some lives have been lost , and more are endangered . I trust , that in staling what I new feel it my duty to mention , it will not be said that I am exclaiming , that there is not sufficient grain in the country to avert the calamity of a famine , if it be properly managed , but if the same supineness still exists , which I have previously complained of , with regard to the main basis of national prosperity , I mean the agricultural interests of the country , the most melancholy consequences are to be apprehended . I should have thought that the proof , that in the last year there were 274 no less than two million quarters of grain imported into the kingdom , would have been a sufficient inducement to a wise and provident government , to have adopted some legislative measure to prevent the recurrence of such a circumstance . I do not mean to spread any unnecessary alarm , for my firm belief is , that if well husbanded , there is a sufficient supply of grain to answer our necessities . I do not dread any thing like a famine , but I believe that the price will soon be so high , as to press with great severity upon the labouring poor . I therefore think that my duty would not be performed , if I did not attempt to point out at least a partial remedy , which , without bearing hard upon the lower orders , will leave the principal burden to be sustained , as it ought , by the higher classes of society . At least , in all cases like the present , the comfort of the lower orders , to whom most of the arduous occupations of life are assigned , should be contemplated much more than our own . I calculate that there are yet about twenty weeks to be passed before any new grain can be obtained , and I think by a simple measure we might be enabled to save sufficient for the supply of the country during three weeks of