to the individual , only increased his perplexity . He could speak from personal observation as to the effects of forgery on a paper circulation ; he had seen in France in the time of assignats , bureaux de verification erected at the corner of every street , where the trembling tradesman was forced to bring paper for inspection before the could think himself safe in delivering his goods . The same effects might be expected in this country , from the increase of forgery ; for the loss to the individual was not the greatest evil to be expected from it , and 197 the effect it produced on the public mind , tended to depress the forced circulation tenfold . Against that evil , of momentous magnitude , the public had no means whatever of guarding themselves , even the endorsing of Bank notes was but a futile resource : and , in fact , no man , whatever might be his education , could be said to possess really the means of distinguishing a genuine from a forged Bank note . Adverting to the second point to which he had alluded , the security against an excessive issue , he thought that the Bill was equally deficient in that respect . To the directors of the Bank he gave full credit for ability and integrity . He was sure they were incapable of abusing the trust reposed in them ; but the power with which they were thus invested was too great for them to wield ; and they had not sufficient means of restraining the issue of their paper money within due bounds . From the view he had been able to take of this subject , he thought it would have been much better to let things remain as they were ; at the same time , he lamented that the Report of the Bullion Committee , which he admired as much as any one , had not adverted to the state of the law as it then stood . He had already suggested the propriety of going into a Committee , to sift that matter to the bottom ; and should such a measure be adopted , it might , perhaps , be thought advisable to raise the nominal price of gold coin , in the same proportion as bank-notes had been depreciated in comparison to it ; there could be then no inconvenience in the Bank resuming its payments in specie . The measure was not so novel as might be expected at first sight ; we had , in fact , already raised the price of coin by the issue of tokens , at a rate above their intrinsic value , and although they were not the standard coin of the realm , still they were received in exchange of those notes which were to be made legal tenders , and accepted in payment by creditors . The hon . and learned gentleman then alluded to the misfortunes brought on this country at former periods by the depreciation of the circulating medium , for which no remedy could be found but in a recurrence to the old principles . If the present Bill was ultimately to be adopted , he trusted that such provisions would be added as to protect the individual from loss , while it secured the regular service of government ; but he should think that the only remedy to the impending 198 evils would be found in the collected wisdom of the House assembled in a Committee . read the third and fourth Resolutions of the Bullion Committee . By the third the Committee had declared , `` that bank notes were to be considered as promissory notes for payment in gold . '' The fourth assumed , that , `` in consequence they were held in estimation equal to the current coin of the realm . '' The noble lord argued that it was the height of inconsistency to proceed with the present Bill , with those Resolutions ( diametrically opposite to its principles ) standing on the Journals of the House , especially as it was