differed from each other at different periods . Happily , Sir , these variations have taken place , and the Catholic religion of the present day is as different from that Catholic religion which is held up by the adherents of ministers , as imputable to the Catholics , as the dangers they talk of are to be little apprehended . I remember in the celebrated work of Mr. Burke on the French Revolution , he has well stated , that early in the progress of that Revolution , those who directed the public opinion in France , as some men have attempted to direct it in this country at this day , and who exposed upon the stage the Massacre of St. Bartholomew , and the crimes of 940 Charles 9 , and the cardinal of Loraine , did it not to excite in the people a detestation against persecution , but to inflame their minds to fresh outrages . Their conduct was exactly the same at that time as that of the adherents to the ministers of the present day ; who , when either in quarto volumes , or in pamphlets , or in inflammatory handbills , they publish histories of the inquisition , and hold up the cruelties of queen Mary , and the fires kindled in Smithfield to our view , do it not to excite our horror against persecution , but to kindle a fresh spirit of persecution , and to give it a new direction . I am far from imputing any such motives to the hon . gentleman who spoke last on the opposite side ; but I must say that a part of his speech , without intention , I have no doubt , was pretty well calculated to further the same object . Reverting to the history of former times , and to obsolete records , I do not think it is fair to charge the individuals , the innocent descendants , perhaps of very bigoted and cruel ancestors ; to charge them with the conduct of their forefathers , and to excite against them a spirit of resentment on account of the errors of past times . I do not impute to him that intention ; but what , I ask , could be better calculated to inflame and influence the passions against the Catholics of the present day , than talking to us of the cruelties and barbarities of 1689 and 1690 , and of the bigotry of the Jesuits at that time ? It is just as fair to judge of the present Catholics by the conduct of their ancestors , as it would be to judge of us at the present day by the intolerance that was evinced by the Protestants of past times . And certainly if we are to be considered as sitting in a judicial capacity , and called upon to decide a question of justice between the Catholics and the Protestants , those circumstances should be brought to our recollection , because they mould be just as well calculated to answer the same object . I believe there is no sect of Dissenters more innocent and unoffending in their doctrines and their practice than the Anabaptists of the present day : and yet how triumphantly , though unfairly , might they be told of the bloody and violent atrocities of John of Leyden ? Are not , then , the justice and the reason of such conduct as strong in the one case as in the other ? But , Sir , I was observing that the hon . gentleman has very much surprised me , because he sets out , after telling us that 941 the Catholic religion was different in one country from what it is in another , and that the Catholic religion in Ireland has something of a peculiar character in it , different from the Catholic religion in any other country . [ Mr. Foster across the table signified his dissent to this assertion , ] If I am wrong in my interpretation of what the hon . gentleman said , I am right in stating ,