criminal laws ; and doubtless the hon . baronet ( as well as others ) could point out many individuals who , on this account , would wish this punishment also to be abolished ; it might be urged too with much greater truth , that many persons had hanged themselves , rather than undergo the same ceremony by the hands of a public executioner . He concluded by expressing his determination to give his decided negative to the motion . in explanation , pointed out several misrepresentations in the speech of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , which misrepresentations he was astonished to find cheered by the hon . gentleman opposite . supported the motion.—He was astonished at the line of argument adopted by the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the hon . member for Yorkshire . The House were told , that if the motives of those who supported the present motion , 390 were not such , as to excite a spirit of mutiny among the soldiery , the motion itself was replete with every danger . It was impossible to allude to the punishments of the army ; the bare mention of flogging was it seemed the watchword to discontent ; and those who were disposed to avert this danger would oppose every motion which in any way interfered with the management of the army . Where was the consistency of the hon . member for Yorkshire ? In the same breath he had declared himself unwilling to interfere at all with the army , and pronounced an eulogium on the late Mr. Windham , whose plans began and ended in the amelioration of the army . He had pointed out freely the abuses of all kinds which existed in his time—the enlistment of individuals intoxicated or under age into a state of service or slavery for life . But no such motives were ever imputed to Mr. Windham . It was reserved to the present question to hear arguments of such a nature brought forward . Why , there was not a single session in which parliament did not interfere with the army , and in which they did not discuss questions which had a tendency to agitate the passions of those of which it was composed even more nearly perhaps than the present . To whom were the army to look up but to parliament ? Who paid them ? Every thing , however , belonging to the army was not a proper subject for parliamentary discussion . They could not with propriety venture to sit in judgment on the shape of a button , or on the cut of a whisker or of a coat , because this being a more weighty business , required abler heads than could be supposed to be found in parliament ; but the rewards which the army ought to receive and the period at which they should be discharged ; the commissariat , also , that most delicate subject , were matters that came with propriety before them . The retreat to Corunna , and the expedition to walcheren , where thousands and tens of thousands of our countrymen perished , were subjects upon which the House had deliberated ; but never , till this day , did those who wished to scare them from enquiry , resort to such arguments as those of that night . Not even the planner of the walcheren expedition , nor his coadjutor , who caused the question to be discussed with shut doors , ventured to hold such a language to the House . If such a ground for the refusing of papers was listened to , then there would be an end of 391 nine subjects out of ten , which were discussed in the House of Commons . In a time of scarcity , no man would dare to speak of grain , for fear of a tumult . The hon . member for Yorkshire would not have carried his question of the abolition of the Slave Trade . No man would have dared to describe freely and eloquently , as that hon .