prevalent at one time ; and a great proportion of the Irish tenures were of this description . They had , indeed , been considered as almost equal to grants in fee simple , so far as they went . Where such small rents had been retained by the original landlord , the lands would naturally sub-let , perhaps , six deep , the rente rising progressively . His friend , the gentleman to whom he alluded , did not use the remedy of distress , but of ejectment , which was sufficient to procure the payment of such a small rent . But in Ireland , a whole year 's rent must be due before the remedy , by ejectment , could be effectual ; for after the landlord had got possession , if , within the subsequent six months , the tenant filed a Bill in Equity , and paid the rent and costs , he again got his land . It was clear , therefore , that in the circumstances of the landed proprietors of Ireland , 396 the remedy of ejectment was not always sufficient . Suppose land let for lives , or a very long term , such as one thousand years , and sub-let three deep , it would be very difficult to get the rent by ejectment , and therefore they were compelled to resort to the remedy of distress . Yet , by the plan of the noble lord , this remedy would be rendered , in a great measure nugatory . Take the instance which he himself stated , for example , of land let by A to B for 90l . ; by B to C for 700l . ; and by C to D for 750l . In this case C could not distrain for his 50l . perhaps the whole of his means of subsistence , till he had paid 90l . to A and 700l . to B , which it might be utterly impossible for him to do . In Ireland , he was sorry to say , the remedy of distress was more commonly applied than in England . Almost every estate had what was called its driver . The occupiers , unfortunately , often took the lands at more than they could pay , except in plentiful years ; and only the-produce of the land remained to pay the rent . This gave occasion to many frauds in removing that produce ; and these , he was sorry to say , had a bad effect on the character of the Irish Peasantry , which was not what one would wish it to be . They had , in general , no capital , —the rent could only be paid out of the produce of the land , and a bad season consequently disabled them to pay . This made the remedy of distress so much more common than in England . It was not , therefore , any difference in the law that produced the evil , but the difference of the circumstances of the two countries in other respects . He could not exactly agree with the noble lord in his suggestion , that it was enough for the middle-man to have his remedy upon his contract , without being permitted to resort to the land . To take the example before alluded to , B had a good title to the land , paying 90l . to A ; and it he had the right to sub-let to C , and chose to reserve his power of distress , it would be a violation of the laws of property to deprive him of it . If , therefore , the noble lord 's provision on this point was intended to be retrospective , it would be the cause of gross injustice to many persons . Indeed , the mischief might be more extensive than some were at present aware of . Suppose C in the instance stated , died in -- solvent , or assigned his interest ; the noble lord 's plan in cases of that nature , might be the