of the British empire . Thus you perceive , it is no longer a question between the different sects , of Ireland , no longer a question regarding the security of the Protestant property or the Protestant Church . Far from looking for that security in civil disqualifications , they deprecate those disqualifications , as their principal danger , and they reduce the subject to a question between the people of Ireland , and the ministers of the crown . So it now stands : but should you wish to support the minister of the crown against the people of Ireland , retain the Union and perpetuate the disqualification , the consequence must be something more than alienation . When you finally decide against the Catholic question , you abandon the idea of governing Ireland by affection , and you adopt the idea of coercion in its place . National disqualification , national litigation , informations , attachments , an angry press , an angry prosecution . Errors on both sides : men discharged for their virtuous sentiments in favour of the people ; such was the case of Mr. Stanhope ; domestic feud added to foreign war ; such must be the situation of Ireland ; a situation which is nothing more nor less than preparation to render the Irish mind completely hostile to Great Britain . This misfortune will be very great to both of us . In what particular way it will break out I know not , but I know it will be ruin ; when I say ruin , you must know I mean ultimate separation , separation either in fact , or separation in disposition ; either will undo us . Nature protests against it : France , with all her powers , could not achieve it , civil disqualification may . We shall first be destroyed , and your gorgeous empire will follow ; you are ruined by the hostility of Ireland , you are ruined by her neutrality . You are therefore pronouncing the doom of England . You , opposed to the population of France , with all her appendages ; you , with only sixteen millions of inhabitants , strike out of actual operation four . Never was an instance of human insensibility so fatally displayed . The mad Athenian , when he disqualified for a few bushels of corn a part of his fellow citizens , was not so frantic . The mad Greek who , in the last moments of his existence , refused the assistance of the west , damned 735 the Cardinal , and gave up his empire , was not more frantic . A nation fighting for her existence , a wise nation , a civilized nation , striking out of operation one-fourth of her people , deliberately , in her senses , for no reason . The Eucharist is no reason , the worship of the Virgin Mary is no reason ; arguments of public scorn , if they were not the cause of public ruin ; —without any cause , except we suppose that the hand of death precipitates the empire . I say you are pronouncing the doom of England . If you ask how the people of Ireland feel towards you , ask yourselves how you would feel towards us , if we disqualified three-fourths of the people of England for ever . The day you finally ascertain the disqualification of the Cailiolic , you pronounce the doom of Great Britain . It is just it should be so ; the king who take away the liberty of his subjects , loses his crown ; the people who take away the liberty of their fellow subjects , lose their empire . The gentlemen who are invited by the call , think , perhaps , they are presiding over a few penal laws affecting the Irish , or exercising a lazy tyranny in the easy chair of pride and security : depend upon it they are mistaken . You are presiding over the fame and fortune of that great renowned empire called Great Britain : the scales of your own destinies are