constitution , nor justified by necessity . The Prince Regent , with all the active vigour of youth , and with none of the infirmities of his father , could require no such assistance as ministers seemed anxious to force upon him . He would rather have deferred these remarks until the paper was laid upon the table , but since his motion was to be resisted , he wished to point out the danger that would be incurred in such an attempt . He concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before the House a copy of any Instrument , by which the right hon . John M'Mahon has been appointed Private Secretary to the Prince Regent in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty . Also for a copy of any Minute of the Board of Treasury thereon , directing the payment of the salary attached to the same . '' said , that the hon . gentleman had raised this question to a degree of importance which could in no view belong to it . The hon . gentleman was not justified in describing the motion as one which it was the intention of ministers to resist , as his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , had said , that he had no objection to the production of the document in question ; but that the grounds on which those documents were sought for , formed the objection to their production . For , if the object of the motion was to ground an impeachment of the appointment upon them , without any view to the instrument under which it was made , further than the production of it , he should certainly resist it , as he conceived that appointment necessary , under the circumstances which gave rise to it . The mere minute of the Treasury which constituted the appointment could not be necessary 339 towards enabling the House to form any judgment on the propriety or impropriety of the appointment , but was moved for only to found upon it a charge of crimination on the office itself , and to persuade the House to take the necessary grounds against the continuance of it . As the hon . gentleman however , had thought fit to bring the question before the House , it behoved ministers to submit the grounds upon which they conceived the appointment stood with relation to the offices which they held under the crown . It was certainly the duty of the sovereign to take advice from the officers of the crown , for which advice they were entirely responsible ; and he was perfectly prepared to concede the question , if there was any circumstance attached to the nature of this appointment , which detracted in the slightest degree from the responsibility of the ministers of the crown . If that case were made out by the hon . gentleman , it was enough , and he should withdraw all opposition.—But the fact was , that the functions of this office had nothing in them which required responsibility ; and he now declared to the House , that colonel M'Mahon was incapable of receiving his Royal Highness 's commands in the constitutional sense of the words , or of carrying them into effect—and that the individuals now exercising the functions of the ministers of the crown were alone responsible.—With respect to the nature of the appointment , he conceived that a Treasury minute was as effectual as a patent or any other ; and as to the oath of office as a privy counsellor being so extensive in its nature , as represented by the hon . gentleman , he was not prepared to argue that point , but he conceived it was a new species of objection , and if pushed to the full extent , this obligation would bind a privy counsellor to obtrude his advice , not only upon occasions which fell within the line of his duty , but on any casual knowledge of circumstances , however foreign from it.—He next came to consider the