the House . The greater part of the speech they had just heard was to points which had already gone by , and which the House had already decided upon . With respect to the suggestion of the propriety of creating a new fund by the abolition of the King 's Household , he put it to the House , whether if the King 's state of health was wholly irrecoverable , they would hear of any proposition to abolish during his life those provisions they had already made for his comfort and splendor , as far as either could be consulted . But even if the reduction did take place , he denied that the saving resulting therefrom would do more than provide for two of the Princesses . As to the fund upon which it was charged , the objection could have scarcely been meant in seriousness , because it was notorious that the hereditary revenues had merged in the consolidated fund . He certainly could not consent to the change 445 proposed , as to the time at which the Bill was to take effect . There was a great difference between the Princesses setting up a separate establishment ( of which he believed they had no intention ) and being compelled to confine their residence to Windsor for the remainder of their lives , under any circumstances whatever . As to their dependence on the Prince Regent , he contended that though the annuities were nominally during pleasure , they were to all intents and purposes effectually during life . said , that the speech of the right hon . gentleman was much more remarkable for what it had omitted to say , than for any thing it had said . The two most important points in the speech of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) had been passed over without the slightest allusion to either . He did not censure the right hon . gentleman for not attempting to do what he might have found it very difficult to do well—in certain cases where no ingenuity could defend , perhaps silence was at once the most prudent and the most candid extenuation . Be the motive what it might , it was certain that the right hon . gentleman did not say one word respecting either the Princess of Wales or the Princess Charlotte of Wales . Why the minister thought it prudent to say nothing upon a subject of such general importance he should not pretend to explain , but he questioned much if the country in general would be disposed to put the best construction upon a silence that was at best suspicious.—With respect to those topics upon which the right hon . gentleman was not afraid to speak out , he ( Mr. Whitbread ) did not think him much more successful than those upon which he had been silent . He had not explained why he did not , in the first instance , upon the memorable 18th of February , state at once the whole system of this increase of the household establishment . He had said , that the hereditary revenue merged in the consolidated fund , and that therefore it was immaterial upon which fund those annuities were charged ; never was there a greater fallacy in point of argument ; because , though it had so merged , was there a doubt that upon the demise of the king , the hereditary revenues only would be answerable to the claims of the annuitants , provided those annuities had been charged upon that fund ? He had told them that the Princesses approved of this increase . Of that there could be no doubt ; but did 446 the right hon . gentleman , when he consulted those royal personages on the propriety of enlarging their annual draughts upon the public purse , did he then submit to them a faithful representation of the present state of the civil list , and the present miseries of the manufacturing part of their royal father 's subjects ? If he had not done so , he had