was fully persuaded it would not be at all reduced by such means . Instead of diminishing that influence , he rather thought the abolition of this practice of granting offices in reversion would increase it . But still , though he thought the measure perfectly nugatory , to say the least of it , —though he thought that it was deceiving the people to hold out any expectations of relief from it , he should vote for his noble friend 's amendment , because it would prevent that constant discussion on the subject , which had the pernicious effect of making the people believe that corruption was chiefly prevalent among the higher ranks , and in the two Houses of Parliament . This , he contended , was a mistake . The direct influence of the crown was much less now in the two Houses , and had been less since his political career commenced , than at a former period . ( Hear ! hear ! from the ministerial benches ; a smile , and a movement of dissent from lord Grey . ) He maintained that this was the fact . Thirty or forty parliamentary offices had been abolished ; and with respect to the army and navy , it was an ascertained fact , that at the end of sir Robert Walpole 's administration there were more officers of the army and navy in parliament than there were at the present moment . It was not in parliament , but in the country at large , that the influence of the crown had increased , and in the country at large , owing to the immense increase of the army and navy , and the revenue , the influence of the crown had enormously increased . In order to prove that the influence of the crown was much more prevalent out of doors than in parliament , he had only to observe , that two dissolutions of parliament had lately taken place much 264 more speedily than they would have done , if the crown had been so much more powerful in parliament than out of it . The perpetual agitation of this question , and the hopes held out from it , had the farther pernicious effect of turning the attention of the people from objects of infinitely more importance to their interests . The reversions to be suspended by this Bill , he repeated , would hardly amount to 35,000l . a year in the whole . What relief would such a saving afford in an expenditure of about eighty millions ? It was a perfect farce to talk of such a thing ; and he was satisfied that if the people were really aware of how little advantage the abolition of the practice of granting offices in reversion would be to them , the measure would effectually lose its popularity . It was from the unfounded expectation of relief from it , that it had so much occupied the attention of the people . Such were his opinions on this subject , —certainly not influenced by any expectation of procuring a reversionary grant for himself . The course of his political life had not been such as to warrant any charge of the kind against him . But for the reason which he had slated , he should certainly vote for the amendment , with the understanding , that if it should be carried , the necessary alteration to make the Bill consistent should be made in the preamble . agreed , that , in an abstract point of view , the measure was one of very little importance , and the effect likely to be produced by it next to nothing . He did not think , however , that the agitation of the measure , which extended to every denomination of persons throughout the country , could be considered as casting any reflection on members of parliament . The public , he conceived , from the frequent discussion of this measure , expected their lordships to turn their minds to the consideration of public abuses in general—and the system of sinecures