of middle-men to have any thing to do with such leases , for the profits were but very small , compared with those of former demises of that nature . The practice had arisen , or at least , attained the great height to which it had reached , from the peculiar circumstances of Ireland : bat since the late improvements in that country , the evil was diminishing , and he trusted , would soon be done away . He would not , however , oppose the printing of the Bill . The subject was worthy of the most attentive consideration ; but if the noble earl meant to restrict subletting , he wished him to consider what would be the effect , especially in large towns , such as Dublin and London , if the provisions of the Bill were to be extended to both countries , as he understood they were . agreed , that it was most desirable that a remedy should be provided , but doubted whether this one could be adopted . He was glad , however , to hear from the noble lord who spoke last , that the practice of sub-demising was going down . He himself happened to have come to the knowledge of an instance which so far corroborated that statement . A gentleman of great property in Ireland , had sent his steward to survey his estates there . The steward found it necessary to have a considerable guard in going round the property . But alter the survey , he resolved to put an end to the practise of demising to middle tenants , and the people were so well pleased at 399 this , that they could with difficulty be prevented from taking the horses from his carriage , and drawing it themselves . He agreed that this was a subject which deterred the most serious consideration . after observing that his noble friend deserved the thanks of the country for having brought forward this question , said , that he did not think his proposal had been fairly treated . Considering the magnitude of the subject , he thought the noble lords on the other side ought to have waited till they had the printed Bill in their hands before they met the plan with so many expressions of despair , as to its propriety and capability of remedying the evil complained of . That the evil was of a most serious nature , no one could doubt ; and if it was possible that any remedy could be applied without violating the fundamental laws of property , there could be as little doubt but it ought to be adopted . The noble and learned lord , ( Redesdale ) had admitted the existence of the evil , but had dwelt chiefly on the difficulty of applying a cure . That , however , was no reason against entertaining the subject , and the objections to it had better be reserved till another time . The noble lord over the way ( lord Clancarty ) , had adverted to the effect which such a plan might have on existing contracts . That objection did not come well from him , who had voted in favour of a measure formerly proposed by his noble friend , ( the Bank-Note Bill ) , which went to violate all subsisting contracts . How happened it that the noble lord did not then think of an objection , which applied much more to that measure than to this ? He could not conceive how the noble lord could consistently make this objection now , when he had disregarded it in the other case . It was clear that the practice in question was one great cause of the disturbed state of Ireland , and of no small degree of oppression . If he had wanted any confirmation of this , the statement of the noble and learned lord opposite would have been sufficient to convince him ; for the statement was , that the middle-men were compelled by a regard to their own interest , to have frequent recourse to