means . We ought to refrain from passing the present Bill , and allow the existing law to have its due operation . The act of the 37th of the King allowed country bankers to issue one and two pound notes ; but at the same time allowed the holders of them to enforce prompt payment , by an attachment of the goods and chattels of those bankers . Were they now to be let loose from the operation of this law ? They had no claim under the Restriction Act for this allowance ; to issue small notes under such a condition , took place after the passing of that act . At all events he could see no reason for extending the Bill to Ireland . Neither ought it to be extended to Scotland . In England all private bankers might be said to be implicated with the bank of England , excepting with respect to one and two pound notes ; but it was not so in Scotland , which had a distinct circulation of its own , and consequently ought to be kept out of this arrangement . This would serve as a warning to England , and would hold up a mirror to enable us to see the extent of our own shame and disgrace . would not follow the wide range of argument adopted by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , but would adopt the same line as his hon . friend ( Mr. Parnell , ) and consider the subject of the present Bill solely as it affected Ireland . Like him , he would ask the House to give some time for enquiry , in order to ascertain how far it might be advisable to extend the measure to Ireland . At present , the only ground which the House had to proceed upon , was a single petition , presented by a noble lord , from a corner of Ireland , and signed by fourscore individuals whose secret motives the House had no means of ascertaining . He had no doubt of the respectability of many of the petitioners , some of whom were known to him ; but still the House did not know whether they were landlords or tenants , or whether or not they were mostly attached to the mercantile interest , and paid much more than they received in rents . On such light and uncertain grounds , he thought that the House could not possibly consent to a measure , which would be as revolutionary in Ireland , in respect to property , as any ever devised in France by Robespierre . In support of that assertion , he quoted a case alluded to by an hon . friend of his , in which the measure in contemplation would , on a small estate of 1,600l . a year 286 make a difference of 300l . in favour of the tenant ; and he appealed to the sense , of the House , whether such a measure was not revolutionary , in the strict sense of the word , in respect to property . Gentlemen would be more sensible of this , if they were aware of the long tenures by which lands were held in Ireland , and which from the change of the times , left the landlord but a small share of his property , yet this small share was still to be further reduced by a depreciated circulating medium . It was true , that in many instances fines had been received in consideration of long leases ; but this did not alter the nature of the original contract , nor could it operate as an argument to reduce that part of the rent which the landlord had reserved for himself . The depreciation of Irish bank paper had begun before the great rise in the price of the bullion , according to the report of the select committee on Irish currency , of which Mr. Pitt , Mr. Foster and Mr. Rose were members . In the depreciation of bank of Ireland paper which had formerly taken