economical plan than had been proposed . Were the barracks intended to ornament Mary-le-bone Park ? There was no reason why the public money should be squandered away imprudently for the purpose of ornamenting this or that park . It seemed now to be wished to separate the military altogether from the people . Why else were there so many barracks erected , and the military colleges of Marlow and Sandhurst established , when the boy who entered at 12 or 13 years of age never could have a common feeling with the other inhabitants of the country . Upon the whole he thought it would be much better to give the sum proposed for the erection of these barracks in aid of the distressed manufacturers of the country ; and he should therefore decidedly vote against the grant . supported the original grant . As to the barracks at Bristol and Liverpool , there was no argument made against the necessity of the first , which was at all tenable , and the objection against the other was altogether local . The Commander in Chief allowing its full weight to the Petition of those who did not wish that a barrack should be built on the scite of San Domingo , near Liverpool , had given two months time to the applicants to find out a situation instead of it : and there was not certainly the least desire on the part of government to build on that scite , it one equally convenient could be had . As to the arguments of the hon . gentleman who spoke against the principle of barracks altogether , he should like to know from the hon . gentleman if it were possible by any enchantment to do away at once all the barracks in the country , did he imagine that the troops could 1143 be quartered in the same way in which they were quartered before those barracks existed ? The hon . gentleman knew that was impossible ; and it was , therefore , unfair in him to advance such an argument As to the proposed barracks at Mary-le-bone , that subject divided itself into two considerations , —1st , whether the barracks were necessary ; and , 2dly , whether the plan proposed was the most proper to be adopted . As to the necessity , he considered it absolutely imperious ; and he , therefore , should not waste the time of the House in making out that which was evident to every one ; but the other consideration was one of detail , and to be met by calculation . The hon . gentleman who opened the debate had said , that the estimate of 133,000l . would not cover the whole expences , as the value of the ground , 35,000l . was to be added to that estimate . But did not the hon . gentleman know , that if the government were to purchase ground for those barracks , there would be incurred an actual expence of nearly the same sum ? He did not wish to deny that the sum proposed was an enormous one—but at a rough calculation , he contended that it was impossible to build cavalry barracks at a smaller expence . It was said , that the plan adopted was more expensive than that on which the Hyde Park barracks were built , Now the fact was , that the model of both was the same , with the exception of one particular , which went in favour of Mary-le-bone barracks , and that was , that in the latter , there would be a parade ; which would serve at the same time , for an exercising ground , while at present , government was at great expence for an exercising ground to serve for the troops at Hyde Park . It was asked by another hon . gentleman , was there not a sufficient number of barracks within two or three hours ' march of London in case of any insurrection or disturbance : but he had to inform that hon . gentleman , that the