military exertions of the country , on which he wished to receive information ; and he would slate to the House what he had himself heard , and which , if true , was highly deserving of their lordships ' most serious consideration . He had learned that the practice had lately obtained footing in the army , of transferring large bodies of persons , sentenced to imprisonment on board the hulks , to be attached to regular regiments . To the proceeding which had heretofore prevailed , he meant not to object . No good reason could be assigned against the introduction of a few persons into the army , who felt sincere contrition for their improper conduct . To prevent them would be an offence against humanity , for it was only giving to those , whose errors were venial , and who saw them in their true light , an opportunity to retrieve their character , and to improve themselves in society , if the were recommended as worthy of that favour ; and , without such a recommendation , no secondary consideration should induce government to commute their punishment for service in the army . But , had they been always thus introduced in small bodies , that dissatisfaction which was felt in particular regiments , which beheld them entering the service , as it were , in armies , would never have existed , 24 and he would not have had to complain of so mischievous a system—The next point on which he would touch , though not immediately coming under the cognizance of the noble Secretary opposite , was certainly connected with the situation of the illustrious Commander in Chief . He alluded to a report which had been spread , that orders had been issued to the recruiting Serjeants of certain regiments not to enlist Irishmen , while foreigners were admitted without scruple . Why this exclusion should prevail , he knew not . It had been said , indeed , that the Irish were addicted to desertion . He gave no credit to this calumny ; for he knew there were no braver , more generous , or more faithful soldiers than those of Ireland . They received any kindness done to them with gratitude ; they repaid it with unvarying affection ; and if they ever did desert , it arose from severity of treatment . He expected an answer from the noble Secretary , whether such orders had ever been in existence , and , if they had , whether they were now annulled ? —He next came to the establishment of schools for the education of the military , a measure , which reflected infinite honour on the illustrious individual at the head of the army , as shewing an earnest desire to call the attention of the soldiery to their best interests . With respect to the system which had been adopted , he wished to make one or two remarks . In the first place , he understood that those military schools were founded on the principles of the established religion of the country . To that there certainly could be no objection . He had also been informed , that the mode of instruction introduced in those schools , was the same as that made use of at Madras . Neither , he thought , could any fault be found with that proceeding . But a very strange feeling appeared to have gone abroad on this subject . Many persons imagined , from a paragraph in the Address of the Society who espoused the Madras method of education , that those schools were not only to be founded on the principles of the established religion , but that Dr. Bell 's system , as at present developed , should alone be permitted , and that no alteration whatever should be allowed . If any improvement , however excellent , were proposed by Mr. Lancaster , or by any other individual , it was to be rejected ; although tending to forward the great plan of national education . That such an opinion prevailed , absurd as