; it was impossible to conceive a charge more completely destitute of foundation . The government of Ireland had directed its attention to this subject with the most anxious solicitude . That government did 710 not , indeed , think it necessary when the first alarm was felt respecting the high price of provisions ( arising from the cause which he had stated ) to take in the first instance , a measure so injurious to the commercial interest of Ireland , and one which would give such a blow to the revenue as to stop the distilleries , but when it was found to be necessary , the Irish government did not lose a moment in resolving upon the measure , and he came down yesterday to give notice of his intention to move for a Bill to stop the distilleries . The right hon . gentleman might suppose that he had given that notice in consequence of the previous one given by the right hon . gentleman , but that was not the fact ; for he had sent notice to Ireland last Saturday of his intention to move for the Bill precisely on the very day on which the right hon . gentleman , who had just come from Ireland prepared with full information upon the subject , thought it right to propose the measure . Was it then fair or candid , he asked again , for the right honourable gentleman to come down to that House and accuse the Irish government of inattention to one of the most important parts of their duty ? When this subject was before under the consideration of the House , he communicated all information of which the Irish government was in possession , that information was corroborated by all the Irish gentlemen in the House , who also approved of the conduct of the Irish government in not stopping the distilleries , with the exception , as he had before stated , of one single gentleman . It was at that time agreed on all sides of the House , that the high prices of provisions in Ireland arose not from any real scarcity , but from the great market which had been opened for the grain and spirits of Ireland . He did hope at that time , that the measures which were adopted would have the effect of lowering the prices , or at least of preventing them from rising ; in that hope he was disappointed , and it therefore became necessary to have recourse to the strong measure of stopping the distilleries . Mr . Pole then entered into a comparative view of the difference of prices in 1801 , a year of considerable scarcity , and 1812 ; and admit-ed that they were , generally speaking , higher at the latter period : but he begged to remind the House that the price of every article had increased since 1801 , and therefore it was not to be inferred that because grain or potatoes were dearer now 711 than they were in 1801 that therefore there was an actual scarcity , because there had been a considerable change in the value of money since that time . It was also to be recollected , that the price of labour had encreased above one half since 1801 ; and he could not but hope , that the present high prices of provisions would induce the gentry and farmers in Ireland still further to increase the wages of their labourers , which certainly were inadequate , so that some good might come out of this evil . Mr . Pole then adverted to the assertion of the right hon . gentleman , that there was an actual scarcity in Ireland ; and contended , that it was very greatly over-stated . With respect to Dublin , where a very considerable pressure was felt , he begged to inform the House , that very considerable supplies had recently reached that city coastwise , to prove which , he read a letter from Mr. Middleton the clerk of the market ) and he was happy to add that