the bigots of every age , memorable to the rulers of every country , but invaluable in its application to our interests , could we but consent to profit by example . That country was once , like Ireland , the seat of discontent , cherished by intolerance and fermented by persecution . There , by the wisdom of a government , in that instance at least , how far more enlightened than our own , all religious incapacities have been finally repealed : Catholics and Protestants in that kingdom judge on the same bench , command in the same 678 armies , deliberate in the same free assemblies . From this blessed union , which , to the noble earl and to his colleagues , appears impossible , but of which better and more liberal councils perceived the facility , and anticipated the benefit , which consequence has practically ensued ? The emperor of Austria owes to it the existence of his throne . Hungary , the weakness of his ancestors , is become the main strength and reliance of their descendant . There are now the chief sources of his power , there the foundations of his hope . To the loyalty and patriotism of a people thus united with each other , thus connected with their government , he now looks with confidence for support in the last trial of this dreadful contest , in that awful hour , whenever it shall arrive for come infallibly it must , when the unanimity of his subjects can alone uphold the just rights of their sovereign , and the independence of their own country . But let us reverse the picture . Grant to the noble earl that this policy , which Europe has witnessed and applauded , is visionary and impracticable . Concede to him that what has saved Austria , must ruin England . Admit , if you can , for argument , admit so monstrous a proposition admit to him against all reason and all history , that every throne must be shaken to its centre which permits its subjects to hold communion with a foreign Church ; to reverence its spiritual functions , or recognize its ecclesiastical supremacy . What follows ? That this danger is now existing . Four millions of your countrymen have been born and educated in this religious faith , and not even our ministers themselves have yet proposed to us the forcible conversion of that great community . They , indeed , the Catholics of Ireland , the objects of your jealousy , the victims of your fears , propose to you , as your best security for their conduct , to identify their interests with your own . As pledges of their attachment they offer to you themselves , their families , their country , all the pursuits of life , all the blessings of freedom , all that they ask from your justice , and seek to enjoy under the protection of your laws . They know and feel that your apprehensions are groundless ; the noble earl insists that the danger is real , the ruin imminent . And what does he advise ? To leave the matter as it is : the mischief foreseen , but not averted ; the discontent inflamed , the separation daily 679 widened . This is the sum of all his policy , the result , as he describes it , of the collected wisdom of ages . To your real dangers he is blind . For those which he imagines , he provides no remedy . Perpetual exclusion , unmodified intolerance , the persecution of millions , the eternal separation of a whole people by religious animosity , which no lime shall soften , no merit reconcile : Quam nec longa dies , pietas nee mitigat ulla ! '' All these things he judges safe and pleasant , practicable and easy . But conciliation and justice , mutual benevolence and reciprocal affection , the confidence of a just government in the administration of equal laws , and the attachment of a free community in the enjoyment of equal benefits ;