by unshaken fidelity . The steps taken by the government of this country were justified by the paramount necessity of the case . again adverted to the resistance given by ministers to his suggestion on a former occasion , that Sicily should be governed by British authorities . Immediately afterwards , however , the British government was detected intermeddling with the organization and proceedings of the Spanish Cortes , and was now the declared promoter of a revolution in Sicily . It was perfectly obvious , without any assertion from the noble lord , that ministers were anxious to shun enquiry , for if enquiry were courted , when could a time be found more fit than the present for such a purpose ? A full and complete exposition of their motives and conduct was due to the country , the purity of whose national character was sullied by an imputation of the blackest kind , which it was the duty of the government immediately to remove . pointed out the distinction between the conduct of Buonaparté with regard to Spain , and of England with regard to Sicily . The pretended abdication of the throne of Spain procured by the former , was a mere hypocritical veil , under which he concealed his base and treacherous designs . conceived , that the right hon . baronet had forgot the nature of former discussions on the subject . The objections then urged to the grant were , that it was impolitic to grant money while the peasants of Sicily were so oppressed by the noblesse , and that this country ought to insist upon a civil reformation in that kingdom , by the restitution of what was generally termed the rights of man . These objections had been most ably and eloquently answered by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , then Secretary of State , who had said— '' He trusted the House would not desire that 10,000 men , with bayonets on their shoulders , should set about reformation ; that he did not think they were the most proper philosophers to revolutionize a country , and teach the people the value of liberty . '' The hon . and learned gentleman deprecated the practice of adopting gross and ridiculous calumnies set on foot by the enemy , as being unworthy of consideration in that House . For the moment the House began to reason upon them , those calumnies were delivered from the ridicule which otherwise would attach to them . Was it not ridiculous to assimilate the conduct of Great Britain in respect to Sicily with that of Buonaparté towards Spain ? The right hon . baronet wished for further information , but was it really necessary to satisfy Europe , that in rendering assistance to Sicily , the object of Great Britain was to annex the kingdom to the dominions of her ally ? The change which had taken place was desirable , for it had averted the danger . answered , that it was of the utmost importance not only that our national honour should be perfectly pure , but that it should be unsuspected even by our enemies . It was not fit that Great Britain should justify her injustice by asserting that the actions of France were of a blacker dye . The noble lord had maintained , that paramount necessity dictated our proceedings in Sicily : necessity was the tyrant 's plea , and how many countries had Buonaparté taken possession of and overrun , on the ground that the 191 safety of his empire and the tranquillity of Europe required it ? Many facts yet remained in the dark , doubtless , because they would not bear the light ; among which was the banishment and restoration of the barons suspected of intercourse with the enemy . re-asserted , that necessity alone had induced the British minister , not , as was supposed , to overthrow the system , but merely to make a representation to the king of Sicily against the existing form of government . The whole change that succeeded was voluntary , nor were