there are other rights and privileges which by that constitution I must beg leave to say can not justly be denied to any man , however miserable and weak , unless he has forfeited them by crime . I have always thought it to be the greatest glory , and the noblest species of ambition in the members of a free state , to be able to aspire to the high and distinguished offices of that state , to aim at rising in its public service , to be engaged in discussing its policy , in amending its laws , or improving its institutions , in leading its armies , or conducting its wars abroad , and afterwards to be rewarded by their sovereign , and to feel conscious that their services have elevated them through the forms , and to the ranks which the constitution opens to them . These sentiments have been at all periods the highest impulses of 615 human nature . These are the grateful fruits of the inheritance of freedom , and of those exertions which freedom alone can inspire . Despicereundequeasalios , passimque videre Errare , atque viam palantes quærere vitæ , Cercare ingenio , contendere nobilitate , Noctes atque dies niti preestante labore Adsummas emergere opes , rerumque potiri . My lords , you are well acquainted with the expression of one of the greatest masters in policy and legislation of whom history can boast . The great Demosthenes , when accused by a rival adversary , and when the terror of exile or death hung upon his mind , scrupled not to declare , that if his adversary gained his point , he should lose all that he valued . What was that ? The favour of the state ! for as he valued the good opinion and distinctions which he had acquired by his conduct in the state , and the security he enjoyed under the laws , above all other good ; so the loss of that favour , and the loss of that security , would have wounded his mind above all other calamities . The petitioners , then , my lords , have lost the favour of the state , and in that they have suffered a loss which no human mind can calculate but those who feel it ; but the severest and hardest feature of this system is , that the spirit of the law is in effect more cruel than the letter ; for it not only excludes the Catholics from the paths of honour , and the privileges of the constitution , but it stigmatizes and degrades them in their own country , before the situation of the rest of their countrymen , and places them in the light , if not of criminals , at least of suspected persons . Whatever credit I give the noble duke now at the head of the Irish government , who I believe to be actuated by a sincere disposition to conduct the administration of public affairs , with the utmost liberality and generosity towards the Catholics , it is impossible for him to cure the vices of that system , which has grown out of those laws , by the abolition only of which it can be destroyed ; I ask then , is this a circumstance of no danger to the establishment ? It is said to be inflicted for the security of the established Church : but I have long held those to be the worst enemies of the Church who argue that test laws and preclusions are the best means of upholding it . I see opposite to me a right reverend prelate , most justly respected as the representative of the mild character of the Church over which he presides ; and I 616 would venture to ask him , whether he doe '' not think the Church would be stronger without the test laws , if it could be shewn that these laws are not necessary ? What effect have those laws in the army but to foment discord , to infuse hatred and suspicion , instead of animating a common