well proved that a scarcity existed at the present moment . He thought , in consequence , that the readiest method of affording relief to the population of Ireland , was to put a stop to the distillation from grain , which consumed fifty thousand quarters a week.—The right hon . gentleman concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address should presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , stating , that it appeared necessary to the House , in order to obtain a necessary supply of food for the poor of Ireland , that the distillation from grain should be stopped , and praying his Royal Highness to give directions for such measures as would speedily effect that desirable object . '' said , he had listened with great attention to the speech which the right hon . gentleman had just delivered , and he had some difficulty in persuading himself that it was spoken by the same gentleman , who about a month ago had favoured the House with another speech , in which he had taken a completely different view of every part of this subject . The right hon . gentleman , indeed , seemed completely to have forgotten the greater part of the opinions which he had advanced , and the arguments which he himself had urged at the period to which he alluded . The right hon . gentleman had said , that when he addressed the House a month ago upon the subject of the high price of provisions in Ireland , he had advised the immediate stopping of the distilleries , in consequence of the scarcity 709 of grain . To this assertion he was under the necessity of giving a direct contradiction , the right hon . gentleman had given no such advice , nor had he expressed any opinion that the state of Ireland with regard to grain was such as to require the suspension of the distilleries . On the contrary , the right hon . gentleman had declared that he was rather inclined to think that there was no real scarcity , and contented himself with merely calling for some returns . The right hon . gentleman had , indeed , expressed some apprehensions upon the subject , and had called for those returns in order to see whether his apprehensions were well or ill-founded . He was therefore very naturally astonished to hear the right hon . gentleman now state , that he had a month ago informed the House of the scarcity of grain in Ireland , and had recommended the measure which he now proposed . He would appeal to every gentleman who was present in the House , on the former discussion , he would appeal ; to the right hon . gentleman 's own friends who sat around him , whether that was a correct representation of what passed upon that occasion , and he would ask further , whether not only the right hon . gentleman but all the gentlemen on the other side of the House , with one single exception , had not expressly concurred in the statement which he ( Mr . Pole ) then made , viz . that though there was considerable pressure felt in many parts of Ireland on account of the high price of provisions , it arose not from an actual scarcity , but from the interruption which had taken place in the intercourse between different parts of the kingdom ? Was then the right hon . gentleman justified in coming down to the House and preferring such heavy charges against the Irish government , and in censuring him ( Mr . Pole ) for not paying proper attention to a statement which was never made , and for not complying with advice which was never given . It might be supposed from the manner in which the right hon . gentleman had introduced this subject , that he really believed that the Irish government had taken no pains to ascertain the actual state of provisions in Ireland , and that they had totally neglected that most important part of their duty