the frequency of it , however , might and ought to be much diminished ; and that , except in extraordinary cases , such as the suppression of a mutiny , corporal punishment ' ought never to be inflicted without previously consulting the commanding officer of the district . He believed that cruel punishments frequently proceeded from the mistaken notions of very young officers , who considered that nothing was more for the good of the army than great strictness and severity . said , that he felt it impossible to avoid being carried away , in some measure , by the powerful effect of the statement of the hon . baronet , and by the warm feelings which he had displayed so honourably , and so forcibly . At the same time , when he considered what an army was , and how sharp and powerful an instrument it had proved against the enemies of the country , he thought there should be great caution used before any very important alteration was made in our military system . He was aware that generals 384 of great reputation had expressly declared their disapprobation of corporal punishment , but at the same time he thought that it could not he done away all of a sudden , and especially in such times as these . It was very satisfactory , however , to know , that those punishments were now much less frequent than they were formerly ; and he thought it might be a great improvement to refer those cases ( whenever they could be referred ) to the judgment of general courts-martial , rather than to the judgment of a few officers , and perhaps some of them young and ignorant of what was really most conducive to the good of the army . As to the difficulty of procuring discharges , that had formerly been a great hardship , but considerable improvements had already taken place in , the regulations on that subject , and other improvements might be expected . He must own he felt a dread of the army looking up either to the House of Commons , or to any individual member of it , for redress of their complaints . He should be glad to get the information required , but not in the way proposed . If the government had such accounts regularly filed at some public office , he believed the effect would be produced of diminishing those punishments . begged to call back the attention of the House to the question really before them . This was not a motion for the abolition of corporal punishments , but for the production of certain papers regarding military punishments . In resisting the production of the paper now called for , gentlemen on the other side did more mischief to the cause they wished to support than any return , however great as to the number and extent of punishments it contained , which the ingenuity of man could conceive , could by possibility effect . Must not it go out to the world that they opposed the production of the paper in question , because the number of punishments which it contained must fill all who perused it with astonishment and horror ? And was not this idea calculated to irritate ? If the account would shew a diminution of punishment , why should they run the risk of those misrepresentations or exaggerated reports which their refusing the information would naturally produce ? It was not the hon . baronet therefore who was to blame in making to the House a statement calculated to pro duce alarm . It was the right hon . gentle man opposite , who told the House , that to 385 produce the paper called for must lead to the abolition of corporal punishment . If this was really to be the result , must it not be supposed to proceed from this , that the return would be found to be so enormous , that this must be expected as the necessary consequence ? The hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Lockhart ) said ,