the ruinous measure of distress . He agreed that they ought to proceed with caution and circumspection , but the forms of the House were a sufficient security for that . If the principle of the Bill should be found to be good , the committee would be the place 400 to suggest amendments and alterations . The Union with Ireland had existed foe several years ; and he recollected one great argument for it was , the profound attention which would be given the affairs of Ireland . It was with pain that he witnessed how little that expectation had been answered . He was sorry to see so thin an attendance on a subject of so much importance to that country . But it might , perhaps , be some excuse to Ireland , that the attendance was likely to be equally thin on a subject of no less importance to this country , the discussion of which was to have come on that night [ alluding to the Insolvent Debtors ' Bill . ] The object in both cases was similar—it was to remove an evil which produced a mass of human misery and oppression . In both cases , the existence of the evil was acknowledged : the difficulty was to provide the remedy . But they ought to struggle the more against that difficulty if there `` as any possibility of its being surmounted . in explanation maintained , that he had supported the Bill alluded to by the noble lord , on the ground of preventing the tenant from being ground to the dust by being called upon to pay more than he ought to be compelled to pay , under the equity of his contract . said , that the subject unquestionably deserved the most serious attention ; it involved many considerations with regard to the law of landed properly , which had not as yet been alluded to . The law was the same in England and Ireland , and it ought to be remembered , that the landholders there had it in their power so to contract as to render this Bill unnecessary . presented a Petition from the lord mayor , sheriffs , commons , and citizens of the city of Dublin , in common council assembled , 10th April 1812 , setting forth , `` That the lord mayor , sheriffs , commons , and citizens , of the city of Dublin , whose loyalty to their most gracious sovereign , and his royal ancestors , monarchs of these realms , has ever been firm and unequivocal , 401 beg leave to approach the House , in perfect confidence of its fixed determination to maintain unimpaired the Protestant constitution in Church and State ; and that , reposing in full security on this confidence , the common council have not for some time past appeared as Petitioners before the House , notwithstanding the repeated demands of the Roman Catholics , but now , when it is publicly asserted that the Protestants of Ireland are favourable to such demands , and when every power of artifice and intimidation is employed to give colour to such assertion , the Petitioners should feel that they shrunk from their duty if they did not now declare , that in their opinion the concessions already made to the Roman Catholics are such as , if exercised with gratitude to the state , and for the tranquillity of the country , would be most amply sufficient to make the situation of the Roman Catholics happy under the present Protestant establishment ; and praying the House to persevere in maintaining the constitution unimpaired in Church and State . '' —I much regret . Sir , that I did not enter the House a few minutes earlier , whilst the Petition just read was under cognizance of the House , that I might have enabled this House , by a statement of circumstances which occurred in that very assembly of the corporation of Dublin which framed that Petition , duly to estimate its value , and that of the meeting whose sentiments it conveys . It was