his support , but otherwise he should certainly vote against it . took a short view of the mischievous effects which had ever been experienced in all ages , and in all countries , by the substitution of a paper currency for the legal coin of the realm . He particularly instanced the consequences of this substitution in the American war , in Austria , and in France ; and , drawing deductions from these examples , he strongly contended that the present Bill was highly impolitic , and likely to prove highly detrimental to the interests and welfare of the country . expressed his surprise , that so many gentlemen who had expressed their opinions upon this Bill , should set out by declaring their disapprobation of its principle , and yet afterwards find some qualifying circumstance which might induce them not to withhold their assent . Such had been the tenour of the speech of the hon . gentleman who had spoken last . He perfectly agreed with the hon . gentleman who spoke first in the evening , that the Bill went to create crimes which did not offend against any moral duty , it would be utterly impossible to prevent the exchange of gold for notes at a discount . In a political point of view , so far from being considered an offence , he thought such a traffic was very desirable in the present stale of scarcity , as by there being a gold price and a paper price for things , the specie , if any remained , would be the more likely to continue in the country . The present Bill , however , only went to increase the temptation to the crime wished to be guarded against , and after it passed , guineas would be still less in circulation than ever . It was well known , that the traders in guineas in Dublin , after the passing of lord Stanhope 's Bill , became more anxious in their traffic than ever , and he had no doubt the system would now be carried to a still greater extent . From the report on the table of the House , relative to the number of Bank notes discovered to be forgeries by the Bank , it appeared that for fourteen years previous to the suspension of cash payments , there had been but four cases of prosecution for forgery ; whereas in the fourteen years subsequent 498 thereto , the prosecutions had amounted to 471 . This statement , however , he did not esteem a just criterion of the real state of facts ; for , although the amount of Bank notes said to have been discovered to be forgeries amounted only to 101,000l . he could by no means suppose , from the number of prosecutions , that that sum was in anywise proportionate to the number really in circulation . He conceived the present Bill to be perfectly nugatory . Amongst other anomalous principles which he had observed in it , was one which he thought particularly striking . It was an old mathematical axiom , that if two things were equal to one , they were equal to one another . Now , by this Bill , a Bank of England note and a shilling were mad '' equal to a guinea , and the same regulation was made with respect to an Irish Bank note and a shilling , although it was well known that there was a return of discount—he knew the discount to have been equal to 10 per cent . Here , therefore , vas an inconsistency for which he could not account ; it was , in fact , making the Bank of England and Bank of Ireland note of equal value ; the fact , in truth , being directly otherwise.—He would not go into a detail of all the arguments which history and recent occurrences would amply furnish , upon the impolicy and ruinous tendency of a paper circulation . Examples had been afforded sufficient to induce the House to pause before they gave their sanction to a measure