fraught with evils , and pregnant with the most calamitous events . Nor would he state the reasons why , from time immemorial , gold and silver had been preferred as the circulating medium of every nation . Their imperishable nature , their scarcity , every thing in fact had pointed them out as the best representatives of wealth . In addition to the political inexpediency of a paper currency , there were a variety of other reasons , equally strong , against it . Its inconvenience , its liability to accident and to forgery , rendered it peculiarly objectionable . Supposing a poor man , who had received one or two pounds for his week 's wages , on his way home should get drenched in the rain—what would be the consequence ? his notes , which would no doubt be consigned to his pocket , would come out a perfect pap , the numbers would be destroyed , and the fruits of his labour would be completely lost . ( A laugh . ) Gentlemen might laugh , but such might really be the case , and such were the accidents 499 constantly occurring . He knew an instance of a poor man , who had saved up a sum of money , from the fruits of his labour , which was in the shape of Bank notes , and which he had deposited in a cupboard in his room . On going to seek for it afterwards , however , he found that his notes , as well as his bread and cheese , had been eaten by the rats . The noble lord concluded by declaring his dissent from every principle of the Bill . He would propose as an amendment , `` That the Report be brought up that day six months . '' opposed the amendment . deprecated the interference of the legislature in cases of this kind ; as it only afforded to the ministers of the day a temporary relief from their embarrassments , and went to subvert all principles of political economy . thought it but fair that the Irish tenantry should have as much protection as the English . spoke against the Report being brought up . He said the Bill would be destructive of public credit ; and the only difference between us and foreign nations was , that they bounded into bankruptcy in three or four years , while we should be longer in doing so ; but say what ministers would , it must come to the same end at last . Mr. Vansittart was favourable to the Report being brought up . He said , we were no doubt in a state of difficulty and embarrassment , but denied that Bank notes were at all depreciated . He believed a great majority of the House approved of the Bill , and a much greater majority of the nation ; and therefore it had his hearty support . , at considerable length , opposed the general principle of the Bill . The invariable effect of legislative interference was to increase , rather than diminish the evil . The root of the evil , the excessive issue of Bank notes , ought to be struck at . The rate of exchange was now , in consequence of the measures taken by government , lower than at the time the Bullion Committee sat . He remarked upon the extraordinary coincidence , that the rise in the price of bullion exactly kept pace with the augmented issue of notes from Threadneedle-street . proposed a clause to confine the dividend of profits to the proprietors of the Bank of England to 10l . per cent , during the operation of the Bill . His object was that the Bank might have an interest in the recommencement of payments in specie . proposed a clause to compel the Bank to employ the surplus , above 10l . per cent , to the purchase of bullion , which was also negatived , after some important discussion . proposed a clause to limit the issue of Bank notes , which was likewise negatived.—The Bill