not made with sufficient accuracy , let the noble lord offer a suggestion of his own , that it may be taken fairly into consideration . In the mean time it is enough to say , that in repelling the sense which the noble earl would put upon the objection of the Catholics to the oath of supremacy , one entirely does away the conclusion ( even supposing it to have a logical connection with the premises ) that any person who votes for the present question must have made up his mind to vote also , the dissolution of the existing Church establishment in Ireland . Such a deduction is not merely incomprehensible . It is most unjust , as having a reference toward '' ; the Catholics , because it indirectly imputes to them ulterior views of that sort , when they have in the clearest language and with the strongest asseverations rested their application to you upon the ; specific condition of their respecting that very establishment . Let me repeat , my lords , that this is a ; question which presents itself upon very different ground from any prayer for toleration . A great body of your fellow 655 subjects , debarred of a just participation in those advantages of the community which equally with yourselves , they maintain by their personal efforts and the contribution of their wealth , ought to be held intitled to know why a distinction so injurious to them should exist . It is as free-born men that they approach you with their solicitations ; and it is not by reference to what may have been the tenets of persons attached to the Church of Rome in other times and other countries , that you can decide upon this claim . The plea of British citizens must be judged ( if it be equitably judged ) by the validity of their pledges of attachment to the state . The noble and learned lord has declared his conscientious conviction , that persons honestly professing adherence to the Romish Church can never be cordial supporters of a Protestant government ; nay he has gone further , and asserts that their religious principles must necessarily bind them to labour at the subversion of any such government . I am sincerely satisfied that the noble and learned lord would not have expressed that sentiment but upon conscientious conviction . I only venture to question whether the noble and learned lord has sufficiently examined the ground on which he has adopted that persuasion . All the lamentable instances of communities ruined by senseless differences within themselves , have exhibited conscientious conviction as the motive of the majority of the actors . There is not one of the many examples which have most excited our disgust at the absurdity of mankind , or our indignation at the incorrigible virulence of individuals in the support of party objects , which has not in its turn been vindicated as arising out of conscientious conviction . Time and reason have spurned the excuse . Might it not then be a wholesome doubt in the breast of the noble and learned lord if he admitted the possibility , the bare possibility that his conscientious conviction might be as erroneous as that of any one of the persons whose conduct he had viewed with the deepest censure in the annals of other periods . Let not the noble and learned lord seek to justify his opinion by quoting barbarous outrages in barbarous days . Religion is a ready drapery for cloaking all the malignant passions of corrupted minds . No other veil has therefore been so frequently abused ; and I fear that an impartial examination of history would not How us to pronounce the Protestant 656 Church free from the shame of having on some occasions perverted the beneficent precepts of the Gospel to purposes of party and oppression . But such immoral laxity was never the profession of any set of men . It ought not lightly to be imputed to any creed ; much less to that of the Catholics of the present day , who have been