would be essentially furthered and promoted , by calling out in its defence the increased exertions of the empire , which would be produced by the extension of the same privileges to every class of society . He would not now say more 462 on this subject , because he could not do it without anticipating the debate of tomorrow evening ; but it was under the conviction that the highly respectable names attached to those Petitions would have due weight with their lordships , that he had ventured to call their attention to them . The Petitions were then read and laid on the table . Petitions from the county of Kerry , the Queen 's county , the city and county of Limerick , and the county of Carlow , were also read and laid on the table . said , that their lordships had now heard the Petitions of their fellow subjects , in number nearly one-fourth part of the population of this kingdom , praying to be relieved from disabilities and penalties which they felt to be highly injurious and oppressive to themselves . They had also heard the Petitions of their Protestant brethren , recommending to our favourable consideration this their just cause , their loyal and reasonable request ; and praying to be permitted to renounce the privileges which they exclusively enjoyed , to break down the barrier which we professed to maintain for their security , and to share with the whole body of their country men all the rights and all the duties of freemen.—He had now , he said , to lay before their lordships a Petition of a very different complexion , a Petition from the University of Oxford , praying that this relief may not be granted to their fellow-subjects , but that we may steadily continue to refuse ourselves to attend to the Petition '' presented to us in their behalf , whether from Catholic or Protestant , in England or in Ireland . In the relation in which he had the honour to stand towards that respectable and learned body ( a high honour he esteemed it ) , he had been requested to present this Petition to the House . With that request he had not hesitated to comply . He respected that difference of opinion which he lamented , and he gave the petitioners full credit for the same desire with which he himself was animated for the maintenance of our established religion and government , though be regretted that the course which they recommended for that purpose was such as must , in his judgment , infallibly lead to the overthrow of both.—But in presenting this Petition , in which from the official stile of the corporate body from which it came , his own name was necessarily included , he owed it to their lordships and himself 463 to express respectfully , but explicitly , his total dissent and disapprobation of its object . He owed it also to others to state , that although he presented this Petition as the act of that respectable and learned body , the act of the majority , and therefore of the body ; it was not now as formerly , their unanimous act . It had on the contrary been opposed by persons highest in station on the spot : by the the Vice-Chancellor of the University , by both her proctors , by several heads of houses , and by a body of individuals as respectable for learning , integrity , and wisdom , as could be found in any assembly . But when he stated this , let it not be supposed that he meant to derogate from the just weight due to the Petition . The petitioners prayed their lordships not to listen to the Petitions of their fellow-subjects . He prayed them to receive and to entertain this Petition—to consider well its facts , its arguments , and its prayer ; to add to these all the authority which it justly derived from the high character of the body from which it proceeds , and then to put them in the