, would be taken away by an union , the first opportunity would be taken of discussing the matter in the imperial parliament ; and of uniting all hands and hearts in the safety of the empire . We have lately , and but lately , united hands , in some degree , by the measure of the interchange of the militias . We want but the present measure , I trust , to interchange hearts ; and whatever may be the fate of this question for the moment , if the measure is pursued with calmness , and without marring it or mixing it with party-business , it will ultimately , and that I think at no remote period , prevail . As a real friend to the measure , I deprecate the involving this great question in disputes on subordinate and collateral points . I much fear we have lost ground in the opinion of many persons , by being unfortunately engaged in disputes with the government of the country on modes of 955 petitioning , and on which , as far as yet appears , the law is said to be against us . This dispute brought on much irritation , and the main question , though , in fact , not concerned , has I fear suffered ; for I believe if it Were not for the unfortunate starting of what is called the Veto , and for the starting of this equally unfortunate dispute about the right of petitioning by delegates , we might now have carried our question . I perceive the impatience of the House , I will only allude to one fact , as brought forward by the right hon . and learned doctor , I mean his denial of the numbers of the Catholics , and indeed even of the great population of Ireland . I can assert , I have reason from observations of my own , and those of a most ingenious man who was engaged in writinig the history of our country , but who is unfortunately now no more , that the numbers , when the return is made by the new Bill , will be found to be even more than ever supposed . At all events it is a fact , that not less than 350,000 men have , in the army , navy , and militia , supported in the war the cause of the empire . How they have supported it , the annals of the country , and even the Reports of Thanks of the House will prove . I will not detain the House from the question . Every motive of justice , honour , and gratitude , call for the adoption of the measure ; —so thinking , it must have , of course , my support . .—Sir ; it is with great reluctance I rise to address the House , but I can assure gentlemen that I shall endeavour to trouble them with as few observations , as I think the nature of the question and the state of the case will permit me to do . sir , I am sure the House must indeed feel extremely fatigued with the repetition of arguments they have so often heard on this question ; and I feel , that there is so little novelty in it , that I can not flatter myself with the hope of laying before them any new view of the subject ; and certainly , did I not apprehend , that I should be suspected of having withdrawn myself from the proposition , which I think it is so necessary to maintain , I should have permitted the question to go to a division without a single observation . Before I proceed to the observations , which occur to my mind upon the subject , I should wish it to be distinctly understood that any opinion which I may express , tending to evince a belief in my mind , that the present is not the 956 proper time that the claims of the Catholics should be conceded , implies no declaration that I