the right hon . baronet , though not a party to the restrictions , was yet accessory to the subsequent continuance . The right hon . baronet had stated the whole of Ireland as in a different situation from England ; and seemed , in the 288 eagerness of his speech , to have forgotten , that it was in fact in only three or four counties of the north of Ireland , that the custom of taking in gold prevailed , and that seven-eighths of the people would be unaffected by the proposed measure . It appeared to him that it was a most intolerable hardship upon the tenant to require him to lose 20 or 25 per cent . in order to procure gold to satisfy his contract . As to the report of the committee on Irish currency , however highly he respected many members of it , yet he differed from them at the time in their conclusions ; and his opinion was since confirmed by events . At the lime of their report , the exchange was very unfavourable to Ireland , being about 10 or 11 per cent . They attributed this to the depreciation of paper , and were of opinion that it must continue unfavourable . Nevertheless a very short time after they had published their report , the exchange rote to par , from circumstances totally unconnected with what some called the depreciation of paper , but which he should always call the premium upon gold ; and from that time the exchange had continued steadily about par . The petition which he had presented , not with standing the insinuation of the right hon . baronet , he could assure the House had been signed by men of the highest respectability , and was meant to apprise parliament of the existence of evils ; and not to direct their opinion . In short he had heard no real arguments against the Bill , nor against the statements he had formerly made to the House . thought that his right hon . friend ( sir J. Newport ) did not merit the taunt of the noble lord , of not having used arguments applicable to the question , the fact being that his right hon . friend had spoken directly to the question , which was , whether a delay should be granted to enquire into the case of Ireland ? while the noble lord had spoken to any thing else , and to the general principle of the Bill . The real question before the House was , whether they were justified in extending this measure to Ireland ? The noble lord said that gold had risen in price , and that it was not paper that was depreciated ; but if this was the case , it seemed to him most extraordinary , that notwithstanding the increase of gold in the European world within these late years , it should , in proportion to its greater abundance , become dearer , which was exactly the reverse of the case with regard to 289 every other commodity . As for the return of the exchange in Ireland to par , as noticed by the noble lord , he would remind him that there were two ways in which things might meet : they might come together by the one thing standing still till the other came up to it , or they might come together , by both walking to a meeting . Was it then that the bank of Ireland paper had risen , which caused this coming to par after the depreciation ? —No ; but the bank of England paper had fallen and sunk to what the bank of Ireland paper was before.—The noble lord had also told them that this Bill would make no alteration , except in three or four counties in Ireland , and that seven-eighths of the country would be unaffected by it . If so , it was strange that these seven-eighths of the people had not sent in representations and petitions to them last year , praying for an extension of