they looked at the military history of Badajoz in this as well as in former wars in the peninsula , they would find , that situated on the southwest frontier of Spain , this fortress had always been regarded as an object of primary importance . In former wars it had stood many severe sieges ; and it was somewhat singular , that the efforts then made to reduce it had never been successful . In the year 1658 , when the struggle for Portuguese independence took place , this fortress was deemed an important object for the Portuguese , and it was accordingly attacked with vigour . The Portuguese were more than four months in prosecuting the siege 1043 —they lost half their army , —and , after all , the attempt proved unavailing , and the enterprise was abandoned . In the war of 1705 , generally known by the name of the Succession War , Badajoz was besieged by the English , Dutch , and Portuguese troops , under the command of an ancestor of a noble lord whom he had in his eye . A most gallant effort was made on that occasion ; and had it not been for particular circumstances , it would in all probability have been successful : but in 14 days from the opening of the trenches , the attempt was unavoidably given up as hopeless . In the course of the present war in the peninsula , also , Badajoz had been considered as an object of the greatest military importance . Their lordships might remember , that in the early part of the last year , the place was attacked by the French under the command of marshal Soult . They broke ground on the 3d of Feb. and met with a most gallant resistance on the part of the governor , and the troops under his command . The resistance would , in all probability , have been effectual , or the capture of the place would have at least been so long delayed , as to have contributed essentially to ultimate success in the contest , had not the governor most unfortunately died early in the month of March ; and whether from the misconduct of his successor , or from some more serious cause , on the 11th of March the fortress capitulated . But even here it was to be observed , that the French under the able experienced leader whom he had mentioned , had not made themselves masters of the place till after a siege of 36 days . At a subsequent period , their lordships knew Badajoz had been attacked by lord Wellington when the French collected their troops from all quarters of the peninsula . Their northern army , which they called the army of Portugal , the southern army , the troops employed in the eastern parts of the peninsula , and detachments from the garrison of Madrid , all assembled to force the allied army to raise the siege , or risk a general battle for the protection of its operations . With such a force advancing against him , lord Wellington did not feel it prudent to continue the siege and give battle to the enemy at the same time ; and therefore with the greatest judgment and propriety resolved to abandon the place . The siege could not then have been renewed till the month of June , a season of the year when , from the unhealthiness of that part of the country , the operations 1044 could not have been carried on without great loss . In the present year , after the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , lord Wellington determined with the first opportunity to direct his efforts against Badajoz . It was fairly to be contemplated , that the French would do every thing in their power to obstruct these sieges ; and , therefore , it was an object of the utmost importance to get possession of the fortresses , in as short a lime as possible from the commencement of the operations . Their lordships had already had an opportunity of