no such secretary ! King George the first had no such secretary ! And—why had they not ? Because the Secretary of State for the Home Department was the King 's private secretary , and it was the business of the Secretary of State to wait on his Majesty , and take his pleasure with regard to the business of his situation . Such had been the usual course ; such had been the course under his present Majesty , until the period of his malady ; and even at that period , it would have been better if the Secretary of State had daily attended his Majesty , and taken his pleasure on the business of his office , without the intervention of another person . Perhaps this plan would have been followed , had it not been for the dislike which his Majesty took to his London residence . Averse to remain in a situation where his infirmity would be more exposed to public view , he resolved to reside at Windsor ; so that the office to which colonel Taylor had been appointed became absolutely necessary . There was no alternative between this and the stoppage of public business , unless a new secretary of state had been appointed . But where then , was the reason for the creation of this new office at the present moment , with a salary of 2,000l . a year ? The right hon . gentleman opposite suggested that there was a great accumulation of business . But had it really accumulated so much within these few years as to require the creation of a new office , where no disability in his Royal Highness to execute that business was ever alleged ? `` Look at the number of commissions in the army , '' it was said : `` consider what a labour it is even to sign them . '' It might be so ; but 336 surely it was not intended that the private secretary should sign the Regent 's name to these commissions . If the labour was really too burthensome , it might be lightened by an expedient which had at a former period been adopted . The sovereign might execute a warrant empowering the commander in chief to sign as many commissions as were to appear in the Gazette on one occasion . This had , indeed , been recommended before to his present Majesty ; but for the reasons before stated , the plan had been rejected . His Majesty had been averse to do anything that might bring his infirmity more under the observation of the public than was absolutely indispensable . But where was now the reason against the adoption of this expedient ? Where was the necessity for a private secretary to read to his Royal Highness the communications of his ministers ? His Royal Highness resided in London , —the ministers had an opportunity of daily consultation with him . There was no need for a private secretary to communicate the result of their deliberations and their advice . He was anxious to be distinctly informed , for it was a matter of no slight importance , whether it was really to be permitted , that the communications of the cabinet council to the sovereign should pass through any third person whatever . If this was the object , then it became more particularly the duty of the House to examine into the nature and design of this appointment , and the consequences with which it was likely to be attended . He had no hesitation in saying , that it was a most unconstitutional proceeding , to allow the secrets of the council to pass through a third person ; and he perhaps , no counsellor . ( Hear , hear , from the Treasury bench . ) He did not well know how to understand that cheering : it might perhaps be said , that colonel M'Mahon was a privy counsellor , ( hear , hear ) . Why , then , this only made the matter so much the worse . By his secretary 's oath