most valuable markets which our country ever possessed , would encourage the shipments and importation of grain and flour , now so indispensably necessary to the supply of these islands , would again afford employment to the laborious part of the community , and would , as the petitioners are fully convinced , be found a speedy and substantial remedy for a great part of our present evils , and a security against those much greater calamines which appear to be rapidly approaching , and which the petitioners can not contemplate without sentiments too alarming to be expressed ; and praying , that the House will take this subject into their immediate consideration , and will afford the petitioners such relief as the House may in its wisdom think fit . '' said , that he felt it incumbent upon him to give the most positive contradiction to one paragraph in the Petition which referred immediately to himself , and which was founded on the grossest misrepresentation . It referred to a meeting between him and a committee of gentlemen from Birmingham , at which his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) was present , and the member for the county of Warwick . Instead of using any language which could lead 1063 the gentlemen to think that ministers were insensible to the distresses represented to them , he appealed to all who had been present if the whole of the conversation lid not show that government gave full credit to the statement made ; and he ( Mr. Rose ) expressly allowed , that the iron manufactories of Birmingham were peculiarly injured by the existing obstruction of trade with the United States ; and deeply lamented that nothing could be done for their relief . He denied in the most positive manner , that any thing passed which could be construed into an insensibility on his part , and he appealed to any member that heard him , whether throughout his public life , his conduct had not been governed by an extreme anxiety , if possible , to alleviate distresses whenever they were represented to him . He referred with the utmost confidence to his right hon . friend , to state whether a single word had been uttered by him which could afford the slightest foundation for the expressions employed by the petitioners . If he had conducted himself as was represented , he should think that he was unworthy of filling any office in the public , service for the remainder of his existence . said , that the question was not whether the right hon . gent . was insensible to the miseries presented to his view , but whether he had employed the unfortunate expression referred to . He did not understand that the fact was denied that the right hon . gentleman had said that the two countries were in the situation of two men whose heads were in a bucket of water , and the struggle was , which of the two could remain longer in that situation without suffocation . This kind of metaphorical language might sufficiently express the nature of the mercantile contest produced by the Orders in Council , but it was rather unfortunate when addressed to those whose heads were under water , and suffering all the pains of strangulation . .—I assert again that I have no recollection of having used such an expression , and I am certain that it was not addressed to any of the gentlemen who waited upon me . I do not undertake to deny it positively ; it might have been said by me . All I can undertake to state positively is , that no such phrase was used by me to the deputation generally ; but whether I said it to any individual I will not pretend to determine . I deny too that if I used it , it proceeded from any want 1064 of feeling on my part for the distresses complained of . said , that a few days afterwards he met some of the gentlemen of the deputation , who