there could be no dispute , and the next enquiry would be , whether it were regular to read in debate a letter from a newspaper with the signature of the Regent ( which might be a forgery , ) and upon which it had not been ascertained whether ministers had given any advice to the personage whose name it purported to bear . remarked , that the precedent of 1807 , just cited , was a most unfortunate one for the noble lord , inasmuch as in that case had been done exactly what the noble lord was this night contending against . If , indeed , the noble lord meant to say , that the publication of cabinet ministers was a scandal , it would be for the friends of the noble lord to justify their conduct in this instance . resumed , and maintained that if he so pleased he could , with perfect regularity , read not only a part , but the whole of the newspaper to the House . He was not surprized at the fre- 61 quent interruptions that had occurred , since it was obviously the design of ministers , if possible , by a side wind , to dispose of this question . God forbid that he should deny the sound principle of the constitution , that the crown could do no wrong ; but if the letter were signed by the Regent , some person or other was answerable for its contents . Whatever exultation might be shewn by ministers , at their majorities in either House of Parliament , they knew that their existence depended upon a breath—upon advisers not avowed . It rested upon persons not officially known to the House ; upon persons who , for their own selfish objects would poison the royal ear , and who , if allowed to remain , would prove the destruction either of the Prince or of the country . If the Regent had been advised by such persons ( as there was little doubt he had ) , he trusted that the warning now given would not be unavailing . The only construction he could put upon the letter was , that the Prince Regent had been advised by somebody Or other to continue under him the same ministers who had acted under his royal father . What did this imply ? —Destruction to the hopes of the Catholics—Destruction to the country . As to the answer returned by his noble friends , it had been certainly misunderstood ; for nothing was more unfounded than to say , that they there expressed a determination to form an administration of themselves and their particular friends exclusively , He could not help wishing , however , that they had guarded themselves with more precision against a misrepresentation which had been generally circulated , viz . that if they came into office , they would abandon the interests of our allies on the peninsula . Whatever doubt might have been originally entertained as to the propriety of engaging our armies in Spain and Portugal , now we had gone so far , it was impossible that Great Britain could with honour recede . His lordship concluded by re-asserting his right to allude to , and to quote from , the letter of the Regent , as published in the daily prints . could contemplate the Address of the noble lord in no other light , than as an attempt to exclude the present servants of the Regent from the offices they held so much to the advantage and satisfaction of the country . In the letter of the Regent , a sincere desire was expressed to procure a union of all parties ; but the gracious offer was peremptorily 62 refused , and there appeared to be no opening left for the formation of an administration on a broad and liberal basis . As the motion suggested was founded on an instrument that could not be properly discussed , and as the amendment suggested was only intended to negative the proposition , he should give the latter his support , although there