million ? Will they for ever hush the call that could awaken them , and the signal that could bring them together ? Such power is too tempting to be always resisted . Such power is too great to be willingly put into the hands of any man . And influence founded on the gratitude and regard of thousands , who could throw aside ? It is in this view that the present moment seems to me so peculiarly inexpedient ; now that the ties of fellowship have been drawn so close among the Catholics , 800 now that they are enrolled in a sort of congress or convention , now that they are so so systematically combined , and have so readily the means of keeping up a communication and understanding amongst themselves ; at such a moment I say it is most unsafe to set the seal of success to the bond of unity . Do what you will , at such a time , to amalgamate this faction , it will not crumble into mere individuals , it will not melt into the mass of the people . Be the country at never so low an ebb , such a replenishment is hazardous ; it will but pass as the Rhone does through the Lake of Geneva , without mingling its waters ; it will not indeed taint the purity ; it may extend the surface , it may raise the level , it may deepen the shallows ; but will it introduce no cross current ? Will it slumber in the still calm bosom of the lake , and forget its homage and tribute to the ocean ? But it is a party , now you say it is ; and I think I have proved that if its object be attained , it is likely to continue so ; but it is now a party without power , and it is then to be a party with power ; here is the distinction . I do not say it will necessarily abuse this power , but I ask is such a body nothing thrown in the lump into the one scale or into the other ? Nothing for the spirit and intrigue of parly to work upon ? May not times come when , on the one side or the other , they will bid high for such a support ? May there not be those who would be for keeping such a body in good humour upon any terms ? What fatal concessions then may it not be at least in their power to extort from a declining minister or an eager opposition ? And all this , let us remember , however eventually pernicious to the state , however fatal in the very outset to our Church establishment , in a cause which , besides that it is their inclination and their interest , it is in them virtue , it is piety to advance . For let us now consider a little more closely , what is the badge and link of association that is to hold this body together , what this characteristic which no consolidation with the community at large can do away . It is a peculiarity of religion . What does this not promise of perpetuity ? What not of zeal and of courage to the cause ? When I add that it is the Popish religion , does nothing more occur to us ? It is not the mass ; it is not the eucharist ; it is not the invocation of saints and angels ; 801 it is not the solemn requiem for the dead . These have neither my hatred nor ray ridicule : I venerate their antiquity , I respect their imposing sublimity ; for my own part , I would not be ashamed , though my soul were lifted with the stream of their incense , or though I put up a prayer at the sound of the passing-bell . Not all these gorgeous superstitions could dispose me to acquiesce in their exclusion : not all these did actually induce our wiser ancestors