, that he might be independent of any corrupt motives . A bankrupt necessarily declared himself not worth a shilling , and were that the sole ground of objection to a bankrupts retaining his seat in parliament , he should think it amply sufficient . observed , that the 300l . a year qualification required by the statute would be now equivalent to 1,000l . He thought it necessary to maintain the law of qualification in point of property in the elected as well as in the electors . observed , that the Qualification Act provided , that a member should have a certain qualification when he took his seat , but further it did not go . He could not give his consent to a Bill which appeared to him to trench upon one of the first rights of the subject , namely an eligibility to sit in that House . allowed that the existing law was anomalous : for Irish members becoming bankrupts , vacated their seats , while English members 148 did not ; but the hon . gentleman who brought in the Bill , had introduced provisions from the Irish act , which were not applicable to the English law of bankrupts . To equalise the situation of the members of both countries in this respect , the law must be embarrassed with many provisions of a different nature . At present , the Bill appeared to him to be extremely defective . An interval of six months was allowed by it alter the bankruptcy , before the exclusion of the bankrupt from the House . In the course of that time , either by gift , bequest , or his own exertions , the bankrupt might become better qualified than when he originally entered parliament . On the whole , he thought it better to reject the Bill , than to admit it with all the embarrassing provisions with which it must necessarily be attended . declared , that his object was to preserve , as much as possible , the independence of parliament , and to prevent persons who possessed no qualification , from sitting in that House , and making laws for the community . No doubt there were honourable bankrupts , but nine cases of bankruptcy out of ten , were attributable to folly and imprudence . A country magistrate would look shyly at a justice , who presumed to sit on the bench and admister the law , after having paid his creditors a shilling or half a crown in the pound ; nor did he think such a person much more fit for a legislator . supported the Bill , on the principle that power and property ought never to be separated ; and therefore , that all members of that House ought to be duly qualified by the possession of certain property . Nothing had tended more to injure that House in the public opinion , than that bankrupts and insolvent persons had been allowed to sit among them ; and he was anxious to remove this stain from their character . said , that a measure was then in progress through the other House of Parliament , which embraced a subject of the utmost importance to the country . From all that he had heard on the subject , he could view the measure in no other light than as a Bill for making Bank-notes a le- 149 gal tender . In his opinion , therefore , prior to any discussion on the Bill , some information should be laid before the House , to shew how far , in the event of the measure having the effect he stated , the public could receive it , without some sufficient security being given—to point out how far the country could rely on that which was proposed to be introduced as a valid security . He should , therefore , feel it his duty to move for an account of the number of notes which had been presented at the Bank , for payment , within a specific time , and refused , on the ground of their being