they could no longer shut their eyes against the conviction , that their calamities arose from the obstructions imposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer on commerce . It was impossible for any one to converse with those persons who had come up in order to present those Petitions , without being convinced of these facts—that there were great orders from America which the manufacturers could not execute , and that , they had , in their different lines of business , great stocks of goods which they could not export , on account of those obstructions , all of which arose from the Orders in Council . It was not his intention now to go into any discussion on the policy of the Orders in Council ; he should only express a hope that when all the Petitions on the subject were presented , some gentleman would bring forward the question , and that the House would no longer be led astray by speculative opinions , but would listen to the statements of those who were really interested in the question , and who so severely felt the weight of the pressure and distress brought upon them by these Orders in Council . The government of this country began by excluding the trade of neutrals ; then they adopted measures which they thought were calculated to distress the enemy ; and , in what had this ended , but in the complete ruin of our own manufactures ? —and in granting licences to bring into this country the manufactures of our enemies , for which the right hon . gentleman had found a market.—If this was not the language of their printed licences , he could not say what those licences meant , extending , as they did , to lawns , laces , silk , perfumery , and all other articles of French manufacture . If this country and France had been in a state of perfect peace , there was not another article which France could have asked permission to import into this country , save only wine and brandy ; —and the only condition required for all this was , that there should in return be loaded and exported from this country , goods to the amount of 5l . sterling , for every ton 's burden of the vessel.—This was the species of reciprocity , which the right hon . gentleman established for the manufacturers and traders of this country ; 429 and the House could not well err as to the opinion to be formed of such measures , when they saw from the Petitions on the table what was the result . This 5l . per ton mentioned in the licences was merely nominal , and in lieu of this 5l . there might be imported into this country to the amount of 5,000l . He hoped the right hon . gentleman would now explain to the House , what reciprocity there was in this trade which he had given us , and which no commercial man was able to understand . The right hon . gentleman said , indeed , that our manufacturers were in a state of suffering at the time these Orders in Council were passed ; but there was no statement from any of the manufacturing towns to warrant such an assertion . He could tell the right hon . gentleman , and so would all these Petitioners , that at the time alluded to , the trade with America was rapidly increasing , and was greater than any thing which he could obtain for them from all the continent of Europe.—He was sorry to think that one of the means of alleviating the distresses , under which our manufacturers now laboured , namely , that of throwing open the trade to the East Indies , instead of being a boon would increase their sufferings , while it endangered the safety of our Indian empire . Throwing open that trade , he was satisfied , could never materially increase the demand for the manufactures of this country in the East , and this would operate