's subjects , professing the Catholic religion , And to refer to that committee , the several Petitions of the Catholics of Ireland , now upon your table ; and , also those of their Protestant countrymen , strongly in affirmance of the necessity of conceding to the justice of the Catholic claims . No counter petition having found its way to either House of Parliament , from any quarter , with the exception only of that solitary attempt , to raise the Protestant cry , in which the ministers have succeeded , in the obsequious city of Dublin , by a miserable majority of sixteen ; and after a former baffled effort , these two classes of Petitions contain , I have a right to assume , a fair expression of the undivided sentiment of the Irish nation , on a question to them of vital importance , and not interesting , in any proportionate degree , to any other part of the United Kingdom . It is also my intention to move your lordships , to refer to the same committee , the Petition of the English Catholics , that truly respectable class of our fellow-subjects ; together with the several petitions for religious liberty ; from different denominations of Christians ; which were presented by my noble friend ( earl Grey ) at the same time . For the purpose therefore of taking into consideration , the laws imposing civil disabilities , on his Majesty 's subjects professing the Catholic religion , I now move your lordships to resolve yourselves into a committee . —In the view which the noble mover has taken on this subject , and that entertained by myself , the principal difference is , that while the noble earl thinks that every restraint should be removed which affects the Roman Catholics , I , on the contrary , am of opinion that those restraints and securities formed by the law should remain in force ; nor am I disposed to regret the result of experience on the benefit derived from them . The great objection , which is the foundation of every other , to the measure of Catholic Emancipation , is the usurpation of temporal power by spiritual persons . It is this which first shook the foundation of Popish supremacy , and finally led to the Reformation , aided by co-operating causes . It is this subordination of civil to spiritual power , which I must always consider as the great and fundamental objection , considered with relation to the question . It is to be considered , that the Protestant religion is the establishment of the country , and that this should be supported and maintained , for the peace and quiet of the whole community . I can assure the noble earl , that I am not actuated by any species of that enmity to which he has alluded , or by any dislike to the Roman Catholics , as such , or bigoted attachment to the Protestants . I only consider the safety of the constitution of the country , of which the Protestant Church forms a part . When it was the policy of James 2 , to favour the ascendancy of the Roman Catholic Church , he wished to give to persons professing that religion places of trust under the crown . For what purpose , but to destroy the superiority of the Protestants ? Had Roman Catholics been placed in such situations , would it not have been a breach of those laws which were deemed essential to the security of the Protestant establishment ? Then , until I am assured that securities equally firm are provided , I can never accede to a total removal of the disqualifications of which the Roman Catholics complain . After the abdication of king James , the Prince of Orange was called to the throne of these realms by the Convention Act ; and the Declaration of Rights enumerates a variety of acts , contrary to the laws of the realm , for a sovereign to perform . After the accession of king William and queen Mary ,