meant by the present state of the Prince , it turned out that the present state of the Prince meant neither more nor less than the present time of life of his Royal Highness , which was saying in other words , pretty much to this purpose , that because the ordinary revolution of twelve months had added one year to the age of the Prince Regent , parliament was bound lo give annually to his Royal Highness 36,000l . a year of the public money . But the right hon . gentleman must excuse him if he said , that he did not believe that either of these reasons had any thing to do with the business . There must have been some other—one 442 that could not be disclosed—and was , therefore , most assiduously kept back . If there was no such secret reason , he asked if the Princesses were to have a separate establishment ? he believed that they were not . He was convinced that those amiable personages would not hear of abandoning their royal father in his present calamity , and the Queen in her afflictions , in order to spend 36,000l . a year under another roof . Then where was the necessity of the grant , unless so give the Princesses an opportunity of laying by so much money every year ? He would , however , put the question directly to the right hon . gentleman , and ask him , were the Princesses to have an establishment independent of the Queen ? He put the question so directly , that he did not think the right hon . gentleman could help answering it . If so , what was to be done with the saving that must in that case arise out of the civil list , as to the general expenditure of the Queen 's household ? But , then , for want of something better they were told that the Princesses had arrived at a certain age ; but had not the Princes , their royal brothers , arrived at a certain age ? and was not this a reason as applicable to the one as the other , if admissible in the case of either ? As to what had been said of the necessity of independent establishments for those illustrious personages , he contended , that this added nothing to their independence , but made them , as far as it could , dependent on the Prince Regent , at whose pleasure the annuities were to be paid . Another strong objection to the Bill was , the fund upon which these annuities were charged : —instead of being charged upon the hereditary revenue of the crown , they were charged upon the consolidated fund . Had they been charged , as they ought to have been , on the hereditary revenue , then , in case of the demise of the crown , the charge would have fallen as it ought ; but according to the present Bill , there was no chance upon any event of a relief to this pressure upon the public . But his main objection was to the thing itself as a whole . There had been throughout the entire conduct of it a struggle to disguise , to confuse and to deceive . But the simple question was , if 184,000l . a year was not enough to provide for the comforts and splendour of the Queen and her royal daughters ? The different items of their joint establishment already amounted to 184,000l . a year . Why then were they called upon to give 443 the Princesses 36,000l . a year ? A good reason might be very reasonably demanded in such times ; and what was the reason ? Why , the time of life of the Prince Regent . Did this `` time of life '' break out as a new light upon his Majesty 's ministers ? Was it altogether a sudden discovery ? Did they not know last year how old his Royal Highness would be this ? And why did they not