his firm belief that they acted upon a fixed intention to annihilate the consequence of that House . ( Some cries of No , no . ) He repeated that such was his firm belief—a belief founded upon their uniform plan of delaying to bring the most important political measures before their lordships , till it was notoriously impossible to give them their due consideration in that House . The declaration of his noble friend at the head of the East India Department , was in exact conformity to this system . After the public attention had been so long fixed upon this subject , when their table was loaded with Petitions respecting it , his noble friend had declared , that the matter was not to be 504 brought forward here till it had passed the other House . Such a declaration he thought a most extraordinary one ; for even if the measure were to originate in the other House , still there were means , before it had gone through all its forms , to bring the subject before their lordships ; and this was the plan which those who loved the constitution of their country , and thought their lordships ' House an integral part of it , would , in all probability , have followed : but ministers , it appeared , thought that their lordships had only to sit , with their hands folded , till the most important measures were brought before them , at a time when they could not give them due consideration ; and then , if some of their lordships solicited farther time , they would be told , that the public interest , and not their opinions , were to be attended to . Was this a way to treat that House ? For five years they had been treating on the subject with their parliament in Leadenhall-street ; and yet it was not to be brought before their lordships , till it was so late , that they could not conveniently , he might say , could not possibly , give it the consideration which its magnitude required . It was of the utmost importance to the constitution of the country , that their lordships should not suffer their House to be treated with this gross indignity . would never hear the present ministers charged with treating their lordships ' House with indignity , without rising to repel the accusation . He maintained that in the conduct of the public business , every attention had been paid to the consequence of that House . What was there in the explanation of his noble friend to call for this accusation ? Had not his noble friend declared , that ample time would be given for the consideration of this important subject ? And with regard to the particular period at which this business might come before them , he had to observe , that no season was improper for deliberation upon a great public measure . If , indeed , there had been any faulty delay on the part of ministers , under all the circumstances of the case , that might be a ground for a distinct charge against them : but any season of the year was a fit one for the discussion of a great political question . It would be for their lordships to decide , when the question came before them , whether they should proceed upon it or adjourn the discussion to a future period ; 505 and it ought to be remembered , that the Company 's Charter wanted two years of its expiration . Where was the indignity to their lordships , in saying that it was the intention of ministers that the measure should originate in the other House ? That might be purely a matter of convenience ; and no indignity was intended to either House of Parliament . It ought to be remembered , also , that when the subject of the Charter , now about to expire , was under consideration , the noble lord who spoke last was in administration ; and yet the measure