; but both parties were agreed in the justice of toleration . Upon this latter point , however , in consequence of some recent circumstances , many Protestant Dissenters , and even some members of the established Church , were liable to much oppression , to relieve them from which , he had also prepared a Bill , but thought it better not to name a day for 235 presenting it until after the discussion on the claims of his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Ireland . presented a petition from the magistrates and council of Paisley , praying for the opening of the East India trade , which was ordered to lie on the table . gave notice of a motion for tomorrow , for the Correspondence between the Directors of the East India Company and government respecting the renewal of the Charter , and also for certain papers respecting the transfer of the troops of the East India Company to government in 1794. after adverting to the Bill now in progress in the House of Commons , relative to Bank notes , also gave notice of his intention to move for information which he considered of the utmost importance with a view to that Bill , in order to ascertain the profits made by the Bank of England since 1797 , by those measures which had brought distress on the rest of the country . His object was to have an account of the price of Bank Stock in 1797 , and the average price in every half year since ; the increase of dividends to the proprietors of Bank Stock during the same period ; and the amount of bonusses granted to the same proprietors , during the same period . He believed it would be found , that the Bank of England had derived additional , profit of 15 or 16 millions by these measures , by the operation of which the rest of the country had been so much distressed . said , that since the Vote of Thanks had been passed in that House to the officers and men who assisted at the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , he had learned that the names of major-general Henry Frederick Campbell , major-general the hon . Charles William Stewart , major-general Baron Low , major-general James Kemmis , major-general William Borthwick , and colonel William Maundy Harvey , brigadier-general in the Portuguese service , were omitted in the said motion ; he therefore moved the like thanks to them ; which was agreed to . said , that he rose for the purpose of moving a Resolution to prevent the exportation of spirits made from grain in Ireland , for a time to be limited . The object of the Resolution was to prevent the exportation of Irish made spirits to foreign markets , in consequence of the high price of provisions in Ireland at the present period . In considering the situation of that country , there were but four measures which suggested themselves for adoption . The first was , to prevent the intercourse between this country and Ireland ; the second , to stop the distillation from grain in Ireland ; the third , to stop the export of grain from Ireland for the supply of our armies ; and the fourth was that , which he felt it his duty to recommend to the committee , as there were many objections to each of the others , which he was persuaded , many gentlemen would concur in thinking sufficient to prevent their being resorted to . The measure now submitted to the committee was unquestionably a smaller evil than any other , and was nothing more than stopping the exuberant grain of the country from being converted into spirits , in order to be sent abroad—he was aware , at the same time , that it would create a considerable disappointment to many meritorious persons in Ireland—he meant those distillers , who by their exertions , had established a beneficial trade to Portugal 240 and other places , but he trusted that their good sense would show them that this measure