been the engine of James 2 , and it was also a directing principle in the policy of Louis 14 . Like our great enemy of the present day , all his views were directed to the humiliation and subjugation of England , but his ambition was sanctified in the eyes of all good Catholics ( on the continent at least , ) by his religion , for he was the champion of the holy see , the eldest son of the Church of Rome , who with the sword in one hand and the cross in the other , fought as much for her glory as for his own power . Our ancestors met this mighty danger as it ought to have been met : instead of propping up the throne of the bigoted tyrant James , they placed the crown on the head of a Protestant prince , the best hope and last stay of the Protestant world ; and under him they secured the liberty of their own country , and vindicated the honour and independence of Europe . Is it from the same quarter that our dangers proceed ? Did the founders of the French Revolution call in the Pope to their aid ? They blasphemed their Redeemer , they denied their God , they trampled under foot their altars and their thrones , and having thus broken asunder all the bonds of human society in their own country , 815 they proceeded in their impious fanaticism to declare war against all kings , all people , and all religions . It was not to ancient prejudices they appealed , but to modern scepticism—it was not to old and venerable principles , but to discontent , disloyalty , and infidelity . We all know how tremendous has been their success , and we also know that the one man who now directs with equal ability and hatred all the energies that have arisen from this confusion against our still free and happy country , has never been hampered by zeal for Catholicism , nor been suspected of being the advocate of a Church he has enslaved . The Pope is his prisoner , and he invades Catholic Spain ; and the only countries where he has met with an obstinate and successful resistance , are the two kingdoms of the peninsula , always looked upon as the most bigoted in their devotion to the court of Rome . Who are their dearest and their best allies in this great cause ? Even our Protestant selves . Why then , is it not monstrous to tell four millions of our countrymen who wish to become more and more identified with us , in interest as in danger , that we can not trust them because they are Catholics , and that the principles of our constitution , unalterably fixed at the Revolution , forbid us to examine into the justice of their complaints . Such would not have been the conduct of the great man taken from us by an early death , such was not his conduct . We all know what the wishes of Mr. Pitt were on this subject , and I am firmly convinced that , had he been still alive , we should this night have witnessed the exertions of his astonishing eloquence on behalf of his Catholic fellow subjects . DO not let it be supposed , from what I have said , that looking back from this distance of time , at the transactions that preceded and accompanied the Revolution , I view with pleasure and approbation all the harsh measures adopted against the adherents of the Church of Rome : far from it : precautions might be necessary ; but in what was done there was too much passion . The Romanists could not have prevented the Revolution ; it was the work of the nation : and all the resistance to it would have been vain and ineffectual . But , Sir , the genius of Popery is unchanged and unchangeable ! ! This is a favourite assertion with the opposers on principle of concession to the Catholics