dislodged 510 from its strong holds , defeated and rebuked . There is , however , one preliminary objection—that of bringing this subject forward , at a time peculiarly unseasonable , against which I must guard myself at the outset . I must not be told , that lam now renewing a discussion , on which your lordships have decided twice during the present session . It is certainly true , that during that period , two questions have already engaged the attention of the House , in both of which the just claims of the Irish Catholics formed a strong and prominent feature . Indeed , I know not how I could select any question , of vital importance to that country , which must not embrace the necessity of conciliating them , so irresistibly must their present condition force itself into view , as the master grievance , whenever the alarming state of Ireland , at such a crisis as the present , becomes the object of consideration . But in both cases , the claims of the Catholics made but a part of the subject , which thus engaged the attention of your lord-ships . In both , it was complicated with other considerations of a weighty nature ; with the administration of justice in Ireland , and the conduct of the Irish government in the one case , and with the removal of the ministers in the other . On the first occasion , it was the operation of the Convention Act , which was the immediate subject of complaint . In the other the general misconduct and impolicy of his majesty 's ministers , on all the leading and most important measures of their administration . On the motion of the noble earl ( Fitzwilliam ) at the commencement of the session , many of your lordships might not have been prepared to have voted a censure on the Irish government , however anxiously they might have wished , that the Catholic grievances had not been interrupted , in their progress to parliament and to the throne . On the motion of the noble baron , ( lord Boringdon ) your lord-ships might have been still less ready , to go the whole length of passing sentence of execution , against the whole administration . Some noble lords might have been desirous to have given a long day , in order to have afforded to a noble viscount , ( Sid-mouth ) and a noble earl ( earl of Buckinghamshire ) who have lately joined the administration , an opportunity of taking their part on the solemn occasion . Others , 511 in compliment to the feelings of a noble earl , ( Camden ) long supposed not to be a fixture in the government , might have wished to have afforded him an opportunity of escaping from the head of the council board , before the day of retributive justice . Against the question which I now offer to your lordships ' notice , no noble lord is pledged , by either of these his former votes , nor by any feeling such as I have described . From my present proposition , no one need withhold his assent , who is not a devoted and pledged friend to intolerance and exclusion , on their own intrinsic merits . Simple and uncomplicated , in all its native dignity and importance , the cause of your Catholic fellow subjects now approaches your lordships . And the known removal of that obstacle , which has so long stood in the way of its accomplishment , leaves every man at liberty to take up the question now , on its own peculiar grounds . And though there should be some little deviation from former opinions and former votes , no one need be ashamed of such a change of sentiment , or of turning , however late , out of the road , in which he has been travelling too long , into that path , which leads to national conciliation , and national strength . But , from the experience of some of your lordships ,