in the most injurious manner upon rights of property , which had in various ways , been made the subject of contract and settlement . He would not , however , oppose the second reading , being willing to try if any practicable mode of lessening an evil which undoubtedly existed in Ireland , though not in this country , could be devised . thought the Bill tended to unsettle the whole law of landlord and tenant in England , Scotland , and 859 Ireland , and that as at present framed , it would operate most unjustly . If any thing could be done with it in committee , he had no objection to its going to that stage ; but he was confident that no one clause at present in the Bill could be allowed to remain a part of it . suggested the necessity of appointing a distant day for the committee , in order that accurate information might in the mean time be obtained respecting the extensive and important interests which would be affected by such a measure , and proposed this day two months . suggested one month , which was agreed to , and the Bill was read a second time , and committed for this day month . rose and said : —Sir , before I proceed to the few observations which I think it necessary to offer upon the subject now before you , I feel it right , in the first place , to take notice of soma observations which fell in the course of last night 's debate , from an hon . gentleman on the other side of the House , touching a Petition which I had the honour to present from the University of Oxford , against the claims of his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects . But however brilliant the talents displayed by that hon . gentleman in the sarcasms which he was pleased to cast upon the proceedings of that University on this occasion , it must be confessed that in those sarcasms he has not displayed much of filial affection for the place of his education . The attack was most undeserved ; and I beg leave to 861 say . Sir , that no body of men in this country has ever demonstrated a stronger attachment to the constitution of their country . In former times , when at a memorable period of our history , that constitution was in danger of being destroyed by the usurpations of a popular branch of it , they rallied round their monarch , beset with perils . They evinced the most unshaken fidelity to the throne , and supported that cause which was no less the cause of their country , than of their king . In the latter part of the same century , when the popular branch of that constitution was in imminent danger of being overwhelmed by the arbitrary proceedings of the crown , where was the first effectual resistance made to this encroachment ? Where was the regal tyranny more firmly opposed , or the cause of liberty and truth more zealously supported than in that University of Oxford—that same college—that very grove , which has been the object of the hon . gentleman 's sarcasms . The members of that very University in that arduous crisis not only sought for the truth , but they found it , and acted upon it ; they set an example which was followed by their country , with so much advantage to the British dominions—advantages which , I hope , will be maintained to the remotest posterity . That college has ever stood forward in defence of civil liberty and personal independence , uniformly opposing themselves at the proper seasons to the undue encroachments of the crown on one hand , and to popular turbulence on the other ; and I need hardly remind you . Sir , ( Mr. Abbott , the Speaker , ) of the liberal manner in which they have returned their representatives to this House . Sir , the representation which the hon . gentleman has made of the manner