and the Gold Coin Bill which stood for a committee this night being now extended to Ireland ? said , he had no intention to lay any papers of that description upon the table , but noble lords on the other side might have moved for them two months ago , and he should not have objected to their production . observed upon the necessity of having information on the subject before they came to the discussion , which was now for the first time extended to Ireland , where the sale of guineas , and the discount of Bank-notes , had been legalized . had no objection to the production of information respecting the bank of Ireland , but could not consent to delay the Bill for the purpose of waiting for the information . The only reason for not extending the Bill to Ireland last session , was the absence `` of the Irish members . contended on the contrary , that the difference in the si- 1131 tuition of Ireland compared with this country had been distinctly stated , as the reason for not extending the Bill to that part of the United Kingdom . concluded the conversation , by making a motion , for an account of notes issued by the bank of Ireland , which was agreed to . rose to bring forward the motion of which he had given notice , relative to the state of the Currency of the Country , & c ; observing , that however important were the subjects of the Orders in Council and the East India Trade , yet in his mind they sunk to almost nothing in comparison with the consideration of the currency of the country , and the power given to the bank of England . It had heretofore been the prerogative of the crown to regulate the currency of the country , but now that prerogative was delegated to twenty-Four merchants , the directors of a banking company , who had the power of increasing or diminishing it at their pleasure a power , too , which was vested in men representing the body of proprietors of the bank of England , whose interests were at direct variance with those of the public . It was the interest of the Bank proprietors that the issue of Bank notes should be increased , because thereby their profits were increased , whilst it was the directly contrary interest of the public , that there should not be an excessive issue of Bank notes . It was true , that there appeared a trifling decrease of the amount of Bank notes , but if the amount of Silver Tokens issued by the Bank were taken into the account , it would appear that there was no decrease . It was not merely , however , the increase of bank of England notes that they had to consider , but the immense increase of notes throughout the country . The number of issuers of notes had , since 1797 , been increased from 1250 to 1800 , and the inconvenience resulting there from , was great beyond what their lordships bad probably any idea of . Many of these country banks were situated in obscure villages , their notes being only payable there . When the notes of one of these banks invaded the circulating district of another bank , and were taken there , they were sent back in amount , and a draft on London given for the differences . This was the regular course ; but the fact was , that many banking houses in the country 1132 were obliged to employ agents at the post-towns , to obtain payment of the notes of other banks which they had taken , and those agents were sometimes three weeks before they could obtain payment . Even this , however , was not the extent of the evil—paper tokens were issued in the country for small sums , so low as half a crown . The noble earl produced two of these half crown tokens , issued at Worcester—one of yellow paper , and the other red