know that of which they were quite ignorant , and perverting what they did know . If the persons who were now speculating in a third theatre should succeed in their application , he had no doubt they would zealously oppose a fourth , and talk of the violation of that property which had been embarked under the sanction of parliament . With respect to what had been said , as to a redundancy of population , he presumed it would not be said that the theatres were not large enough to receive the inhabitants of those parts to which they lay contiguous . But the terms of the Bill implied the whole extent of London and Westminster . Were they sure that the city of London would permit the erection within their precincts , or was it purposed to build it in the parish of Marybone . He apprehended that neither was the case , and that if built at all , this third theatre would be built in some situation not far removed from the Scite of the old ones . The hon . gentleman who preceded him , had cast an imputation on Mr. Kemble , which was altogether undeserved . He believed that he had never been guilty of suppressing any talents , distinguished as his own were among the first that had ever adorned his profession . 100 With respect to the introduction of horses and elephants , was it not notorious , that the taste of the people must be followed sometimes as well as guided ? Were not the same complaints and censures made in the Augustan are a itself , and did we not find Horace satirizing the introduction of the very animal lately exhibited . 'Sive ' Elephas albas vulgi converteret ora . ' The greatest actor that ever lived , Mr. Garrick , had resorted to the same expedients , and it ought not to be forgotten that Mr. Kemble had done much for the stage in reviving many of our best dramas , and particularly those of Shakespeare , in a style of unusual taste and splendour . At an example he might advert to a play now acting , in which he himself performed the principal character with an excellence which , if equalled , had never been surpassed . It had been said that young candidates for dramatic honours were not fairly treated . He was disposed to think that if no monopoly existed , and no limit to the increase of theatres , the ambition or vanity natural to new performers would lead them all to assume principal characters , and that we should have as many Hamlets as we could desire at 4l . a week instead of 20l . The consequence must be , that we should have many bad actors and not one good play . Under all these considerations , he should support the motion for deferring the Bill to this day six months . supported the Bill , and thought that those interested in Drury-lane theatre opposed this application with a very bad grace , when it was considered how much parliament had done for them , to get them out of their embarrassments . Their monopoly alone would not have enabled them to re-build their theatre , if it had not been for the assistance of parliament . presented the following Message from the Prince Regent : `` George P. R. `` His royal highness the Prince Re-gent , in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , thinks it necessary to ac-quaint the House of Commons , that in 101 pursuance of the powers vested in his Majesty , by two acts passed in the 18th and 30th years of his present Majesty 's reign , his Majesty was graciously pleased , by letters patent , bearing date the 2d of February 1802 , to grant to their royal highnesses the princesses Augusta-Sophia , Elizabeth , Mary , Sophia , and Amelia , an annuity of 30,000l . agreeably to the provisions and subject to the limitations of the said acts , which grant was to take