progress , 104 had given their assent , 86 were neuter , because as their names were not in the papers , they were not consulted , and only 19 dissented . So that , in a line of 40 miles , which the works necessary for completing the undertaking would occupy , there were 7–8ths of the parties interested in favour of it . supported the Bill , as tending to the comfort of the metropolis , and stated , that in the committee , the prepared would be prepared to prove that 7–8ths of the county of Essex had given their consent . conceived , that as the pub- 252 lic would derive great benefit from the erection of sea water baths , at least he hoped the House would allow it to go to a Committee . said , he certainly should not take up the time of the House by following the right hon . baronet through the details into which he had though proper to enter , particularly as the right hon . baronet had admitted that , since the month of April last , all the steps which had been taken in this business had met with his approbation . With respect to the delay which took place last session , it arose from the unfortunate illness of the right hon . baronet himself , and not because the pa- 254 pers were not produced . The simple facts of the case were , that the person alluded to by the right hon . baronet had imported a large quantity of Martinico sugar into Ireland , under the idea that he should only be charged the British colonial duties , not the foreign duties , and upon finding that he bad been misinformed with respect to the law upon the subject , he had applied to the executive power for redress . The right hon . baronet had contended , that the lord lieutenant , by means of his secretary or under secretary , ought not to have interfered , but that the interference with the revenue board , if it was necessary should have been by the treasury . This was the first time he had ever heard it stated , that if a person applied to the executive government , praying for relief , that the application ought not to be attended to . He agreed with the right hon . baronet , that when the interference did take place , it would have been better if notice had been given to the treasury , because , in all cases of this kind , he was of opinion that the treasury ought to be consulted , or to have notice given to it of the transaction . With respect to the present case , he was at a loss to conceive what it was that the right hon . baronet complained of : the revenue had sustained no loss , for he himself admitted that every farthing of the duties had been paid . When the individual first applied to the Irish government , the opinion of the attorney-general was taken upon it , and upon that opinion the sugars were allowed to be landed . It was true that a pan of these sugars were allowed to be taken out of the stores , and sold for home consumption , paying the smaller duties , and he would state the reason of it . When this person imported this large quantity of Martinico sugars into Ireland , he had entered into several engagements which he meant to liquidate with the produce of these sugars , and in consequence of an application from him , he was allowed to sell a part of the sugars ; but enough was received in the king 's stores to cover the whole of the foreign duties , not only upon what was sold , but upon what was retained in the stores . If this permission had not been granted , the man must have become a bankrupt , and it appeared very hard to place a man in that situation , when he had