recovery , it would have been extremely difficult for him to have acted differently . But at length a new æra arrived , when , from the utter hopelessness of his Majesty 's restoration to health , the Prince Regent could no longer be influenced by those considerations , which , prior to that period , had so honourably operated on his conduct ; and could no longer be precluded from pursuing such a course as to him might seem best calculated to advance the interests of the country . What was the general situation of the country , at the beginning of the æra to which he had adverted ? What were the prospects of their lordships and of the nation ? And what had overshadowed and overclouded those prospects ? At that period , Java , the last colonial possession of the enemy , had been wrested from him , and added to the dominions of the British crown . Though a formidable navy had been prepared by France , the British navy had been every where triumphant : the enemy 's ships only quitted their ports to enter those of Great Britain . The colonial power of the enemy had been literally annihilated all over the globe . Portugal had been wrested from the military occupation of the French ; and in the 10th year of the war , and in the fourth year of its existence in the peninsula , not only had Portugal been defended , but our armies had on every occasion , —and those occasions had , as their lordships knew , often occurred , —covered themselves with glory in the territory of Spain . The operations of the war in that quarter were conducted by one of the first generals of the age , whose services were still at the disposal of his country . What was the picture on the other hand ? Commercial distress all over the country , —our manufacturers reduced almost to a state of starvation , —new laws , 38 giving unprecedented encouragement and effect to our paper currency , —to which circumstance , in the existing situation of the country , he certainly however was not disposed to object . In the interior of the country there appeared a spirit of disorder and contempt of the law , bordering on insurrection . At a time when we were not only at war with a power whose dominions were more extensive than those of Charlemagne , but also with every potentate of Europe except those of the peninsula , this was an appalling state of things ; but the most appalling circumstance was , that while almost the whole population of the continent of Europe was united against these islands , whose numbers were so small in proportion , and notwithstanding the general complexion of the times , one fourth of our population was excluded from the pale of the constitution—excluded by various laws founded on causes and principles which had long ceased to operate , —laws which had relation only to the peculiar circumstances of the age in which they were enacted , and the continuance of which , till this day , was a scandal to the nation , and a serious detriment to the political power of the country . Such was the general outline of our situation , at the period to which he referred . He was anxious , however , to be understood , as not stating any thing that might look like the suggestions of passion , rather than sober reason . He hoped no expression of his would be so construed as to carry the appearance of giving way to dismay and despair . He was convinced on the contrary , that our resources , if properly managed , and called into action , were fully adequate to overcome all the difficulties by which we were surrounded . It was , indeed , out of this conviction , that the motion which he was about to submit to their lordships grew ; for , he was persuaded , that , with an united people , and a government ,