from the motion before the House . acknowledged he had been a little out of order . All he had to say further , and indeed it was for that he rose , was , that he considered the motion did not go far enough . His opinions were those of the gallant admiral . spoke in favour of the motion . and dwelt particularly on the merits of lord Wellington in the commissariat department of his army . then moved , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lieut.-general sir William Carr Beresford , K. B. , lieut.-gen. James Leith , lieut.-general Thomas Picton , major-gen. the hon . Charles Stewart , major-general the hon . Charles Colville , major-general Barnard ford Bowes , major-general Andrew Hay , major-general George Townshend Walker , and major-general James Kempt , and likewise to brigadier-general William Maundy Harvey , brigadier-general Champlemond , and brigadier-general Manley Power , of the Portuguese service , for their distinguished exertions during the recent siege of Badajoz , which was so gloriously terminated by the successful assault of that important fortress in the night of the 6th instant . '' did not rise for the purpose of disturbing the unanimity of the vote upon this occasion . He wished merely to remark , that a practice had been lately , since the battle of Talavera , adopted , of not publishing the list of killed and wounded officers sufficiently early after receiving the dispatches . He conceived it was only necessary to state this circumstance to have it redressed . The general opinion , he believed , was , that the publication of the Extraordinary Gazette was purposely postponed to a late hour , to prevent its being copied into the evening papers . However it might happen , in his opinion the list of killed and wounded officers should be immediately struck off , at least as soon after receiving the dispatch as possible , that those persons who had relations in the engagement might receive the earliest information of their fate . On the late occasion the Extraordinary Gazette was published at so late an hour that many persons could not send it by the post that evening . said he would make every enquiry into the circumstance mentioned by the hon . and learned gentleman , It was , in his opinion , desirable that the lists of killed and wounded officers should be made out with all possible accuracy , which necessarily required some considerable time . observed , that the Gazette was ill the hands of many persons in public offices so early as half past two and three o'clock : the public , however , had great difficulty in getting it at seven o'clock . Some unaccountable delay must have taken place in the publication . believed , that the list of killed and wounded was made up long before the printing of the Gazette , he had seen that list in a public room at twelve o'clock of the night on which the dispatches arrived . This circumstance , however , was probably not generally known . observed , that the list was published only in one evening paper ; the Pilot . The thanks were than carried , nem . con . next moved the Thanks of the House to the officers of the British and Portuguese forces , which was also carried nem . con . said , in rising to move That the House did highly approve and acknowledge the zeal , bravery , discipline , and humanity displayed by the non-commissioned officers and soldiers of 1077 the army under lord Wellington , he could not help taking notice of one circumstance which had taken place , as well at the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , as on the late occasion , and that was the small number of killed and wounded of the enemy , and the great number of prisoners . He confessed , it did appear to him a distinguished circumstance in proof of the humanity , as well as bravery of our army , that after so bloody and obstinate