. The measure now proposed might be necessary , though uncalled for by the Bank , and though it went beyond what had been enacted last year . would vote for the motion , though he disclaimed all idea of imputation upon the conduct of the Bank Directors , who had shewn more moderation in the issue of paper-money than had been practised in any other country , when that expedient had been adopted . He could not agree with his right hon . friend , that the Bank were masters of the minister : but the contrary . It was the fault , not of the Bank but of parliament , that things were in their present situation . If the Bank were left to itself , he should have no fear of the proposition of a legal tender . He wished the country to know what were the assets of the Bank independent of what consisted in government securities , which latter ( in Exchequer Bills ) amounted at this moment to no less a sum than 7,500,000l . There was no doubt that the Bank could discharge all its debts , as it related to itself ; but the connection with government was a different thing ; and a time would come when that would be a serious consideration . Every nation that had adopted a practice similar to the present , had run a career of bankruptcy ; and the effect must be serious , if men were compelled to take a Bank note as a legal tender . The mischief had been done by parliament itself in compelling the Bank to advance money when they were making extraordinary issues of paper , which had raised the paper issue up to 22 millions . Government were the means of doing this , in consequence of the embarrassments which they had experienced from the deficiencies of the late Mr. Goldsmid . thought the reason for opposing the motion extraordinary as urged by the deputy governor of the Bank , ( Mr. Manning ) , namely , that the Bank had not required it . Did any public body come to parliament and ask for such an enquiry into their concerns ? Nothing was more unlikely . He was far from wishing to overthrow the credit of the Bank , and he thought its credit would be best supported by a fair enquiry . What was said of the Bank would be as applicable to govern- 15 ment respecting sinecure places . In both instances the parties would be benefitted , and gain more credit by enquiry . The longer we went on in the present fatal paper system , the worse should we find our situation . The deputy governor of the Bank was last year against the legal tender ; now he had a little changed his opinion . What it might be next year it was not possible to tell . One circumstance was important . A Bill lay on the table to make the embezzlement of property a higher crime , in consequence of the repeated failures of bankers , and other occurrences . The misconduct of the bankers was owing in a great degree to the change of the practice at the Bank since the restrictions on their cash payments . After that restriction they offered their discounts in an unprecedented manner , and the bankers lost sight of all prudence and circumspection : the results of which had produced astonishing occurrences . The discount system had been carried to an extent almost incredible . Every failure of this sort had been owing to the conduct of the Bank of England ; whereas , formerly , the bankruptcy of a banker was a very rare thing . That of Fordyce , many years back , was still talked of : such an event was formerly thought to be like a dreadful fire , or a plague : fit to be registered in a chronological table . Bat now , by the new plan , in the course of eleven years , there had been eleven bankers in the Gazette , out of the