priest is , because it is well worthy of attention . The Catholic priest acknowledges the Holy Catholic Church of all other Chrches to be the only true Church ; and he promises and swears true obedience to the bishop of Rome , or vicar of Jesus Christ , Now this every parish priest takes before he is admitted to holy orders ; and he also swears to and believes in the infallibility of general councils . But I shall come to general councils presently . Now , these are the people that call out 759 for religious freedom , who are themselves outrageous and violent in every thing they do and say . I think , from this specimen of their disposition , that they have not much claim to religious freedom , upon the score of liberality in themselves . Now , Sir , it is said by these people , that the decrees of the Pope and decrees in general councils are infallible rules of conduct . Now Doctor Troy admits that ; and he is one of the most prominent of the Catholic advocates . In one of the most celebrated of those decrees , namely , that of the fourth council of Lateran , it is ordered , that all subjects shall be absolved from their allegiance to their princes , who shall deny the spiritual and temporal power of the Pope ; and that no temporal lord shall harbour in his house any heretic ; and that Catholic princes are bound to exterminate from their dominions all heretics ; and refusing so to do , they shall be excommunicated . Now , Sir , this is an article of their faith , and already admitted by one of themselves . These oaths they take in their admission to the priesthood ; whether they are bound by these oaths or not , it is not for me to say ; but take them they certainly do . Now , Sir , this same decree of the council of Lateran that I have mentioned to you , is confirmed by the councils of Constance , and they more distinctly confirm that part of the council of Lateran which makes it part of their tenets to exterminate all heretics . Now these are the opinions of those men . What can you expect of such a set , coming abroad and talking to us of that dreadful want of religious liberty by which they say they are precluded from , and claim a right to be admitted into the powers of the state ? It is said by the right hon . gentleman who spoke first , that the power of the Pope , whatever it might be , is at an end , and that whatever the opinions of the people might be , it was no matter , because the people had no power to carry those opinions to the dangerous purposes for which they were calculated ; and that therefore it seemed to be our policy , in order to keep the people from doing that mischief , not to keep them in that way . Sir , we are told it is quite enough for us to satisfy our minds that there is no danger of those tenets , or of the capacity of the people who maintain them , to do the mischief we apprehend , if we only look to the history of Catholic countries , and the 760 conduct of Protestant subjects . It is alleged , that Protestants in those countries are loyal . Why are they so ? A Protestant may be loyal because he is not bound to look upon his neighbour as a heretic , as the Roman Catholics are with respect to Protestants . But Roman Catholic subjects are bound by their religion to exterminate heretics ; but Protestants are not bound to exterminate Catholics , but their religion . What dependance then can you have upon the loyalty of such subjects as Catholics ? Let me ask , gentlemen , how it is possible you can admit such men , with safety , to