a vital question , and that if we consent to do away all restrictions by piecemeal , we at once expose ourselves to the greatest danger ; because if you do that you must remove all the test laws , and you must leave the Church unprotected from every attack , to stand upon its own foundation . But having said this , I beg to state , that my opinion of all these laws 881 is , that they are only to be justified by necessity . It has been said that necessity justifies them : and if I can be satisfied that there is no necessity for the preservation of our Protestant state , I am ready to give them up . Sir ; In rising to support the motion of my right hon friend below me ( Mr. Grattan ) I differ with extreme reluctance from a right hon . and learned judge , the representative of the University of Oxford ( sir W. Scott ) for 891 whose profound learning and exalted judicial station I feel on all occasions the highest respect , and to whose conscientious motives for delivering the speech with which he opened this debate , a speech which I scarcely know whether more to admire or to lament , I am fully disposed to give implicit belief . But whatever may be my deference for that distinguished judge in private or in professional life , my duty as a member of parliament compels me here to speak my sentiments frankly and unceremoniously upon this great question , how widely so ever they may differ from his , and imperiously as the necessity of supporting them may prescribe to me a conflict with him , which , on any other occasion , I should gladly decline . Such , indeed , are not exactly the feelings which one has in differing with the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , and elaborately followed the learned judge though with unequal steps , nor are any sensations of diffidence in the cause itself mixed up with the personal deference which it is impossible not to feel towards some of its opponents . For now , Sir , having heard all the arguments which could be urged by both those gentlemen—by the most distinguished and by the most zealous of all its enemies—I think I may take upon me to assert that it rises from the conflict , not merely uninjured , nay untouched , but more triumphantly established than before , this , I trust , its last struggle for success . Let me beseech the House to recollect the grounds on which they have anew preached up the doctrine of danger to the Church establishment . Into what do they resolve themselves , and by what authorities are they maintained ? The learned judge prediets the overthrow of the establishment from the ascendancy as he calls it of the Catholics , and reads as proof of this , an extract from some anonymous pamphlet , which he holds to be of Catholic authority , and which he selects in preference to the undisputed documents of that body , because he there finds it written that if the Catholics are admitted to a participation in the benefits of the constitution , they will forthwith seek to overturn the Protestant Church . This is the sole ground of the learned judge 's fears ; and from this unauthenticated assertion—from this bare statement , for aught we can tell , of an enemy to the Romanists , assuming the guise of one , with the intention probably of being cited against them , an intention 892 which the learned judge has taken care should not be frustrated . From this foolish or insidious production , at the least this fugitive tract of an anonymous writer , I appeal to the records of parliament for an ample and triumphal defence of the Catholics—look at the solemn oaths prescribed by the statute—look at those declarations of allegiance to the constitution in Church and Slate which the laws enjoin . Remember that the Catholics have never yet refused to