him ; Now he under-stood why the hon . baronet disliked the life-guards , and their barracks . It arose from some awkward impression that yet remained of an unsuccessful attempt to defy and defeat the law.—There was no-thing which ministers could do , that would go more immediately to destroying the constitution and the liberties of the country , than by permitting such tumultuary proceedings to go unchecked . He trusted , however , that the good sense of the public would perceive , that there was 1150 nothing in these statements of the hon . baronet , but mere declamatory nonsense ; or , if there could , be collected any sense from them , it would be only such as was calculated to do infinite mischief in the present agitated and disturbed state of many districts . He should pass over those topics without any further observation , and take it for granted , that no man could find out more danger to the constitution from the regiment of horse guards having barracks in Mary-le-bone park , than if they continued in King-street ; or in a detachment of the ordnance being stationed in the above park , instead of the whole park being at Woolwich . The right hon . gentleman then defended the estimate in detail , and conceived that he had given proper advice to the Prince Regent , when he advised his Royal Highness to surrender the 510 acres of ground which formed this new park , to the health and comforts of the inhabitants of this great metropolis , instead of making the greatest rent of it by covering it with buildings . As a barrack was wanted , he thought it much the most eligible plan to build it upon this land belonging to the crown . As to the expence formerly incurred in barrack estimates , it had nothing to do with the present question , as the contract was open to fair competition , and it was allowed that the expenditure was now watched over with the greatest vigilance . condemned , in very strong and pointed language , the speech delivered by the hon . baronet , which he had heard with pain , though not with astonishment , recollecting the rooted aversion which the hon . baronet must naturally entertain to the life guards , who had restored order at a time when the hon . baronet was the first to set the laws at defiance . He maintained that the military , whenever they were called on to suppress disturbances , behaved with a moderation that was highly admirable , and which even the deluded wretches whom they quelled were the first to acknowledge . The hon . baronet had made allusions to the history of former periods , which by no means bore him out in his argument . In particular he had adverted for an instance of the reliance which a sovereign might place on his subjects to the reign of Elizabeth , who was known to be one of the greatest tyrants that ever existed.—Still , it was with sorrow he said it , he was compelled to concur with the hon . baronet in the vote he should give . He contended that the erection of 1151 the barracks , in all the situations required , was inexpedient , and in some instances unnecessary . The estimate for them was also extremely excessive , the usual rate being only about I 20l . for every man and horse of the cavalry , and only about 60l . for every man of the infantry . The frontage of the barracks in Mary-le-bone was nearly one-third of a mile , and the wall to in close it not less than a mile in circumference.—Thinking that the postponement could not be injurious in any point of view , he should support the amendment . said , that although he came down to the House to vote for the amendment , he had been induced to change his resolution by the address of the hon . baronet , and certainly the Chancellor of the Exchequer had