to postpone this grant ? Or would not the Committee feel a jealousy how they acceded to the granting of money on such an estimate ? said the question was not , whether this sum should be voted at all or not ; but whether or not time should be given to the Committee to understand what they were doing . All he should say , if it was true that Prance and England were now to be compared to two men up to the neck in water , and if in such circumstances , barracks for 350 soldiers were to cost England 133,000l . it was not difficult to see which of the two must be choaked first . strongly objected to a larger grant than was proved to be necessary , particularly for the erection of bar-racks , which that House and the country had been accustomed to regard with a jealous eye . The speech of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer too , furnished additional ground for postponing the grant till the House was better informed . presented a Petition from the merchants and manufacturers of Sheffield , pointing out the great advantages which would result to them and to the country in general , from a renewal of the East India Company 's Charter.—The Petition having been read , observed , that , in addition to the Petitions then lying on their lordships ' table , against the continuance of the East India Company 's monopoly , others were preparing in every city and town , throughout the kingdom ; it was therefore right that the people should be apprised of what step government intended to take . said , it certainly was desirable , that information , both as to the time when any measure on this subject would be brought forward , and to the object which ministers had in view , should be imparted to the House and the public . He did not mean to follow up this observation by introducing any thing like a discussion . But , he should be glad to learn , whether government intended to leave the East India Company in complete possession of the trade , to diminish it partially , or to throw it open entirely ? This information was not only necessary to the manufacturer , but to the public in general . said , that , in the present state of the negociation between the government and the East India Company , it was out of his power to give any distinct answer . said , it had been truly observed by his noble friend , that Petitions were preparing against the East India Company 's monopoly , in almost every town in the kingdom ; and , with such an interest at stake , and so much attention and anxiety manifested on the part of the public , surely they had a right to expect , that the business would have been so arranged by government , that it would be brought forward at a time when all the consideration due to its great importance could be paid to it . But now he understood from the noble earl , that the discussions between ministers and the Company were not yet closed , and therefore they were not ready to give any specific answer . What , then , would be their situation , if the discussion were delayed till a very late period of the session ? Could they then give the subject that deep consideration which it deserved ? He did not wish to press ministers to introduce any premature or hasty measure on the subject ; but if they were not now prepared to submit a proposition to the legislature , or , at a very early period indeed , from this time , he hoped , as the Charter would not expire for two years , and as the interests concerned were various and complicated , that it would not be brought forward during the present session . rose to bring forward the motion respecting which he had recently given notice . It would