suggestion was assented to by the earl of Liverpool . adverted to what he had stated five weeks since , respecting the expediency of stopping the distilleries in Ireland , in consequence of the high price of grain , and lamented that recourse had not then been had to this measure , which ministers now found themselves compelled to adopt . The consumption of the distilleries in Ireland was 50,000 barrels of oats per week , which during the five weeks since he first noticed the subject , amounted to 250,000 barrels , and this taken from the stock of an article , which in a failure of the crop of potatoes , was necessary to the subsistence of the people , the chief article of their food , for want of potatoes , being oatmeal . The price of oats in Ireland , which five weeks ago was 27s . per barrel , had now risen to 32s.—wheat bad also risen from 66s . or 67s . to 82s . His lordship argued from these facts , that the stoppage of the distilleries ought to have been resorted to at the time he first mentioned the subject , and with the view of ascertaining what quantity of oats had been consumed in the distilleries , moved for an account of the number of gallons of spirits distilled in the months from October to April , both inclusive . denied that the high price of grain in Ireland was to be attributed solely to the distilleries , one of the causes being the export of grain to this country . admitted , that the high price was not to be attributed solely to the distilleries . Some further conversation took place , in the course of which the earl of Limerick denied that there was any scarcity at Limerick or in its neighbourhood , where potatoes were at 5d . per stone . The earl of Darnley and the marquis of Lansdowne thought , that the latest intelligence from thence was rather of a contrary description . The earl of Limerick contended for the correctness of his statement . Lord Holland observed , that ministers objected 858 to stopping the distilleries five weeks ago , on the ground that it was too late , and now at a later period they brought forward the very same measure . moved the second reading of his Bill for the relief of the Peasantry and Tenantry in Great Britain and Ireland , observing , that the law of distress being the same in Great Britain as in Ireland , Great Britain was therefore included in the Bill . His lordship proceeded to comment upon the speech of a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) on the first reading of the Bill , observing , that a letter he had quoted of a great lawyer , stating the evils arising from the operation of the law of distress in Ireland , was the letter of that noble and learned lord himself , who in contradicting by his arguments his own letter , had shewn the utmost impartiality , it being the maximum of impartiality to write one way and speak another , and had thus fallen into a trap which the noble and learned lord had himself baited . His lordship then recapitulated his former statements , pulling them in different points of view for the purpose of shewing the gross injustice of permitting the occupying tenant to be distrained upon not only by his immediate lessor , but also by all the intermediate lessees , or middle-men , by which the occupying tenant was subjected to the greatest oppression . denied that his arguments were at all at variance with his letter alluded to by the noble earl , but deprecated the making public confidential letters ( the letter being confidential to whom it was written ) , as it tended to destroy all confidence between man and man . His lordship then observed upon the impossibility , as it appeared to him , of making any legislative provision upon this subject , without committing the greatest injustice , by operating retrospectively