that country . To its accomplishment I am not unapprised that there are opposed considerable diffculties 875 of detail . It involves many and complicated interests ; and the execution of it will demand all that reserve and caution which ought ever to accompany measures in any way affecting the rights of property . For these reasons I have always thought , that the proposition would be best originated by those to whose hands the conduct of public affairs are entrusted . A proper and well regulated direction of the funds appropriated to education is another subject well worthy of the attention of the legislature . These , and perhaps some other measures of inferior importance , are indubitably requisite for the improvement of the condition of the people of Ireland ; but the basis of all ought to be that to which the motion of my right hon . friend , ( Mr. Grattan , ) has called the attention of the House . It has been made a great topic of reproach against those of my friends , who have composed the late administration , that they had not introduced a subject , which they deemed of such prominent importance , to the consideration of parliament , whilst they were in the service of his Majesty . But it should be remembered by those , who so freely deal out this censure , that my friends retired from his Majesty 's councils , because they would not , by a specific pledge , deprive themselves of the discretion of proposing the measure ; and , as they were immediately succeeded by the gentlemen opposite , it was not unreasonable to infer that the latter were not unwilling to take such a pledge . My friends , it is true , would have forborn to agitate the question so long , as , in their judgment , it could have been deferred without absolute detriment to the public welfare , and I was one of those who advised the Catholics to abstain from urging their claims at that time , be cause I thought it more for the advantage of their interests , as well as of those of the empire , that the administration of public affairs should remain in the hands of persons known to be friendly to their cause , than that the government should be transferred to the avowed and implacable opponents of further concessions . Surely , however , it can not have escaped the attention of the House , that one great and prominent obstacle to the measure , which has arisen from the scruples of a venerable and religious monarch , and which operated forcibly on the feelings both of the parliament and of the country , now no longer presents itself ; and if any one can be found to deny , that the exigencies of 876 the empire more imperatively demand the consideration of the question at the present conjuncture than at any former period , I shall be content with referring him to the impressions described in the Protestant Petitions on the table , to which are subscribed the names of several persons , who were once among the most strenuous assertors of the policy of the restrictive code . The present moment is peculiarly auspicious for the consideration of these claims . The Prince , to whose custody the interests of the crown are now committed , has stood high in the affection , the confidence , and the expectations of the Irish people . Whatever spirit of conciliation , therefore , is at this time manifested , would have augmented efficacy by carrying with it the air of grace and bounty . Let us not lose , then , such a golden opportunity . That the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Perceval ) has the confidence of a majority of this House is manifested by its votes , but I do sincerely believe that no small proportion of those , who support his government , deeply lament the cloud of prejudice , which hangs over his councils on this subject , and darkens the future prospects