who so pointedly disapproved of what he termed catechising the right hon . gentleman opposite . So far from the questions which had been addressed to that right hon . gentleman being either improper , indelicate , or unparliamentary , in his opinion they were exactly the reverse of all these . When grant 's were proposed to be made to remote branches of the royal family , what could be more natural , or more directly in order , than to ask why another person , more nearly allied to the throne , was alone passed by ? On every proposition for a money grant , he had no hesitation in declaring it to be his decided conviction , that it was not only the right , but the duty of the House , to catechise the right hon . gentleman . On the subject which had been so repeatedly alluded to this night , there was , in his conception of it , something extremely mysterious , which required being accounted for ; particularly , he thought the House was entitled to know from the right hon . gentleman , why he , who had been the advocate for her Royal Highness , should now have been converted into the person who was to withhold from her that justice to which she was entitled . He wished to ask too , whether the Book which the right hon . gentleman had at one time prepared for publication , had had the printers name affixed to it , as was required by law , or whether , as had been reported , it was printed in the right hon . gentleman 's own house ? He repeated , that he thought the House entitled to know on what ground the right hon . gentleman , who had formerly been so loud in declaring the innocence of her Royal Highness , abstained from reccommending that she should be placed in that rank in the country to which she was justly entitled ? The Resolution was then put , and agreed ! to without a division , and the House having resumed , the report was ordered to be received tomorrow . moved the second reading of this Bill . thought that it would be a hard case , in times like the present , for any man , who , by accident , might become a bankrupt , to be compelled to vacate his seat . could not see why persons who had suffered so severe an execution as an act of bankruptcy , should be more hardly punished than those who suf- 147 fered a less severe execution , but who were equally unable to pay their debts , The law ought to apply generally , or not at all . In the present situation of the country , the mere circumstance of becoming a bankrupt did not , in his opinion , render a man unworthy of a seat in that House . He trusted some consideration would be had for those whose bankruptcies were attributable to misfortune alone ; and he declared that he had known more instances than one of bankrupts who had evinced by their conduct the highest sentiments of honour . thought great credit was due to the hon . gentleman who introduced this Bill into the House . So far were the provisions of it from imposing a particular hardship , that the various existing statutes , if they were strictly interpreted , would in his opinion disqualify a bankrupt from retaining his seat , and would authorise a motion for a new writ in the case of a bankruptcy . Now the proposed measure did not go to an immediate removal ; but left the possibility of ultimately retaining the seat . He did not doubt that many bankrupts entertained sentiments of high honour ; but such an argument as that , on that account alone , they should not vacate their seats , went against all qualifications whatever . contended , that the legislature had wisely declared , that a member of the House of Commons should have a certain qualification