to hear , something like an answer to this argument . It has been stated , that the spiritual power of the Pope , according to the Roman Catholic notion of it , is supreme . But then , is it not evident , that it applies not only to the most sacred of institutions , upon which , in , fact , depends the whole form of civil society ; but that it applies to the institution of marriage , which is the foundation of all civil society , whether it be of the Christian , Mahometan , or any other religion whatever ; it forms the basis of society , of all the charities of life , and is an institution upon which depends nine out of ten of all the questions affecting property . And yet every one knows that the law of the Roman Catholic religion , upon this subject , is different from the Protestant . The Roman Catholic thinks that it is a question not tit for the decision of temporal courts , while the Protestant thinks it is . But that which is material on this subject is , that the Roman Catholic does not apply to the ordinary tribunals of the country for jurisdiction in this question , conceiving that the spiritual court , alone , has controul in matters of this nature , and that in the dernier resort , appeal only lies to the court of Rome itself . Now with respect to the charges exhibited against the Roman Catholics , in a moral point of view , I can not believe them . I do not believe they hold the doctrine of not keeping the faith with heretics ; and I verily believe as far as any moral principle , not connected with the Established Church , their institutions are as pure as our own . All I say is , that with regard to their ecclesiastical opinions , as contrasted with our own , they are different with those of his Majesty 's Protestant subjects : and when I apply this to the institution in question , can it be safe in a Protestant country , to place upon your bench of justice , judges to decide upon the state of property , who hold the laws of the country conscientiously to be directly at 633 variance with that of their own religion , who believe that the law of the country to be adverse to the law of God . Now , my lords , follow this principle through other points of view—Theirs is not an elective Church . It is an hierarchy . It has the same gradation of rank with the Established Church , from the highest to the lowest . It has also the same principle of ambition and desire for the same temporal power as the Established Church , But in whom is that mass of patronage to be placed to which such an institution would naturally give rise ? —Why , in the Pope himself ; —a foreign power—a foreign potentate . Why then , the question is , whether a jurisdiction of the kind in all the appointments , in all the ecclesiastical gradations of the Catholic hierarchy , —a power which has the same influence in the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Church , as the King of England has over the Protestant , with the same means and temptations laid open to them in common with all men : will any man say that an establishment of that kind , under the influence of a foreign power , may not be made a formidable instrument of danger in such hands ? And may it not be a fair subject of jealousy in a Protestant country ? Then , my lords , apply this further to other principles : apply it even to what may appear purely spiritual : namely , to excommunication and all its consequences . Are noble lords aware of the consequences of excommunication to individuals who incur the penalty of that sentence : They may see in their courts of law , one trial which has