the ordinary questions of property , twelve uninformed men are fitter to decide than a bench of learned judges . No , Sir , nor yet because in such common cases the twelve men are capable of deciding so well as the judges . But still the method of trial is inestimable , for a most sufficient reason , because every now and then a question occurs , where some bias may exist in the judge 's mind ; where his feelings may be swayed by the influence of the crown which appointed him ; where his connection with the people is too slender to inspire him with the proper feelings ; where the habits of his profession , or the prejudices of his rank may interfere with the full discharge of his high functions . Then it is—in the rare and not in the ordinary case , —that the interposition of a jury is thought , and rightly thought , to correct the supposed partialities of the judge , or to supply the proper feelings ; and whether by checking or by prompting , to restore to the scales of even handed justice , their due force . Now in all such cases , that is to say , in the very cases for which the benefits of jury trial are calculated ; in the only cases , in which , according to some , jury trial is a real good ; in the only cases in which , by the admission of most reasoners , this mode of administering justice is wholly unexceptionable ; in the only cases , in which , by the confession of all , it is productive of the greatest benefits ; the Catholic enjoys it not ; he is tried only by aliens to his faith ; by enemies of his order ; 903 by members of the body whom this very distinction , and others of the same odious and stigmatising nature have rendered separate from , and hostile to his class ; he enjoys not the privilege granted by our justice to every foreigner who transgresses our laws , that of being judged by persons tolerably impartial to his race . But is it mere ambition—mere love of power , which makes Catholics wish to have the doors of trading corporations flung open to them ? Is it even a culpable desire of power to covet relief from the stigma which at present points them out as the only persons in the state unfit to be intrusted with places of confidence and honour ? And here let me say one word of the elective franchise as now enjoyed by them . They have obtained , we are told , quite enough in possessing the right to elect ; it signifies little to shew whether their representatives be Protestant or Catholic . What , Sir ! is it of no importance to the right of election , that the choice is hampered ? Has freedom of chusing nothing to do with the option of selecting whom you please ? Is ii quite the same thing to be told I may pitch upon any body I think proper without exception ; and to be told I must confine myself to one class which another points out to me ? And what is the limitation in question ? What is the exception ? Who are they from amongst whom I may not chuse my representative ? Why , exactly those of my own order ; those who profess the same religion with myself ! And upon what is this restriction founded ? What is the reason given for not allowing me to look among them for my representative ? Precisely because they are of the same class and religion ! Good God ! is this nothing ? Is this no stigma ? Is there nothing hateful and humbling in this ? Sir , it is this stigma , this useless , this needless , this odious stigma , which , while it imprints a mark of suspicion upon the Catholics , affords no security to the Protestants ; but like ail the other inventions