owned if he could have been guilty of treating lightly the sufferings of any class of men , he deserved the severest reprehension . It was the first time in his life that such a charge had ever been brought against him—the first instance in a political life of 30 years ; —and how far the gentleman who had made it , in the face of the country , could reconcile the declaration to his conscience , it did not belong to him to say . He thought he had not in the slightest degree , either in his words , or in the manner he uttered them , given occasion for offence of any sort . He was not at the period he alluded to , in the discharge of his official duty ; but happened to call on his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer for a very different purpose—he was literally an intruder there . Whatever words therefore might be uttered by him , surely ought not to be imputed as a charge against government . However inconsiderate they might be , surely to make them a matter of complaint in a Petition to that House , was without example in the his- 1104 tory of the country . He certainly did say to the gentlemen from Birmingham something like this , —that it might happen that the distress they felt was very great , but still if the relief to them in particular was not consistent with the general good of the country , it could not be granted . If he could not accede to the Petition , his next duty was not to mislead gentlemen . It had happened to him to have more intercourse with the lower orders , than any man either in or out of the House . His doors were always open to all classes , and he never sent any away unanswered . He then produced and read extracts from several votes of thanks from the Spitalfields weavers and the committee of journeymen mechanics , for his kindness to them on several occasions , which instances he selected from a great many for the purpose of shewing , that he was a very unlikely man to treat the sufferings of any classes of the community with levity or disrespect . Nothing short of an accusation of having committed some horrid crime , could be more revolting to his feelings , than what had been charged against him , and he denied that he had exhibited any such levity . The petitioners from Birmingham he believed to be honest , worthy people , and he was far from charging upon them the malignity of the accusation : but the mind that suggested it was certainly malignant . With regard to the question immediately before them , there seemed to be a general delusion in the country as to the Orders in Council . `` Repeal them , and all will be well : persist in them , and ruin must ensue . '' That was the general language held upon the subject . Hence , if the House should refuse to go into a committee , the people would think that their sufferings and representations were not attended to ; and if the committee was granted , they would then conclude every thing would be accomplished , for parliament was at work in their behalf . He was disposed to admit , however , the propriety of going into a committee ; yet he did not wish the people to be deluded by vain and extravagant expectations ; he should therefore state it as his firm and unbiassed opinion , that if the Orders in Council were repealed , our trade would be infinitely worse than it then was . But it was due , he thought , to the wishes of the petitioners that their prayers should be taken into consideration ; and therefore he should not oppose the motion of the noble lord . represented the great increase which had taken place in the poor rates in Birmingham , in consequence of the depressed state