, viz . to leave out all the would after the words , '' His Majesty 's indisposition , '' for the purpose of inserting the following : `` That we beg leave to express our most grateful thanks to his royal highness the Prince Regent , for the wisdom and prudence with which he has exercised in hit Majesty 's name , and on his Majesty 's behalf , the royal authority in these realms . To assure his Royal Highness that we have observed during this period with the greatest satisfaction the uniform success that has attended his Majesty 's arms , in so many and such important operations ; and the beneficial consequences that have resulted from the aid and assistance afforded by his Royal Highness to our allies . That we rely with the utmost confidence on his Royal Highness 's constant and earnest endeavours to promote by every means in his power the honour and welfare of the country , and to provide effectually for its security and prosperity . '' expressed his own and the country 's acknowledgments to the noble lord who had brought this important subject under the attention of the House . In expressing his decided opposition to the amendment suggested , he should not by any means feel himself shackled by the assertion , that it was disorderly to allude to publications in the news-papers of the day . Any peer of the realm had a distinct and indisputable right , even without the statement of a single ground , but the notoriety of existing facts , to submit any proposition he deemed expedient , more especially at this most critical period , surrounded as the nation was with dangers , some of which were of our own creation . He would not detain the House by impressing upon them a due estimation of the talents and means of the enemy with whom we were contending , or the near prospect of a war with the united States , into which we were about to be plunged by the destructive counsels of the present ministers of the Prince . He would not dwell upon the alarming upon the alarming insur- 57 rections in our manufacturing counties , or upon the scarcity of provisions by which the people were threatened . They were matters of minor importance compared with that subject before which all others sunk into insignificance , he meant the Catholic claims . Here we saw one-fourth of the population of the empire in a state of neutrality , ( to say the least of it ) who might be united heart and hand against the common enemy . Under such circumstances , was it to be tolerated , that a noble lord should be interrogated upon what specific foundation he rested a motion which had for its object to interpose a shield between Great Britain and her destruction ? The noble viscount ( Grimston ) had violated the most acknowledged principle of debate , and with no other view than improperly to influence the discussion , had introduced the name of the sovereign ( for the Regent to all intents was no less , ) telling the House that it was in opposition to his wishes . He did not intend to throw any imputation on the sacred character of the Regent , from whom , for a long series of years , he had received the most gracious attention ; but thus much he would assert , that whoever advised his Royal Highness to sign the letter transmitted intermediately to his noble friends , recommended an act , the baneful consequences of which had hitherto been very partially experienced . The noble viscount had entered upon a very wide head of argument , but had anxiously avoided the most dangerous part of his ground , the question of Catholic Emancipation , for he well knew ( and indeed who did not know ? ) that the person now at the head of government had risen , had stood , and had expressed his determination to stand , upon a system of intolerance ; and that those who