will not pretend to say : but , I think , I might safely say , that he loved each for the sake of the other , and both for the sake of each . If we may take the opinion of Bolingbroke upon the subject , we may , perhaps , have some clue to find the truth . From him we learn that the education of that unhappy monarch was tainted with certain principles of arbitrary power . He said , that he drank the cup of arbitrary power to the very dregs . It is also stated that in the course of his residence in France , and other parts abroad , he became deeply tainted with the principles of arbitrary power ; and certainly James 2 conceived that the Pope would be extremely useful to him in the establishment of arbitrary power ; but I would ask , was the Revolution effected against him merely as a Papist ? Let us put that question—Suppose now we were reviewing the transactions previous to that period , and were endeavouring to discover bow that assertion is founded In the first place he expelled the Jesuits : he recalled the dispensation of the tests : and he would no doubt have been perfectly ready to have committed a higher vice than that ; but I ask whether he could have done what he did , seriously and essentially , as a Papist ? And as there were many concerned in that transaction , do you think any of those great heroes and statesmen , who established the Revolution , would bare said , 624 after he had performed these anti-papistical acts , `` Now we will restore him . '' My lords , when I ask you to consider of this transaction , I desire you to remember the Bill of Rights . What were the words of that great act ? Do you recollect on what it turned ? `` The constitution and privileges of parliament.—The limitation of the King 's prerogative—The rights of applying to courts of justice for redress—The right of petitioning the king in parliament , and various other most important rights : and above all it states `` that excessive bails shall not be levied : that no excessive fines shall be exacted . '' Who , I would ask , inflicted these excessive fines ? I answer , judges that had taken the tests before the Revolution—Jefferies and Scroggs . Jefferies took the test . He was an ardent and vehement Protestant . He was with the king in 16S7 , and until the very last hour was ardent in the profession and practice of the Protestant religion . But although the king 's conscience was in the keeping of a Protestant chancellor , his ear was open to a Jesuit . Did he at that time rely upon the tests , in which so much stress has now been laid , for protection ? The point can not be denied , that he had no such reliance upon the tests . Why , my lords , in that glorious transaction which your ancestors achieved , not knowing any thing of religious tests or of what description they were , but educated in the original principles of that liberty which were violated by Laud and Strafford , and various other Protestants , they were induced to renounce all opposite opinions , and embody the whole mass of our civil and religious liberties in that great act . This was the protection that our ancestors gave you for your rights and immunities . It was not merely upon this test or that test they fortified you ; although I do not mean to deny that it was a part of the system . The main part of it was the spirit of your constitution , calling forth all its powers at once , to expel one who had degraded the kingly office , and make a bulwark to the end of time for your liberties . What did they do with respect to the crown ? They fixed upon the throne a Protestant successor