and well-being of a state . Now that has been explained by a noble lord on the other side of the House ; and to his speech I refer you for detail on that subject—I mean the origin of these tests . Sir , it is a false assertion that these tests were ever instituted against the Catholics merely because they maintained a particular religious faith . They were made for the protection of the state : but at that time it so happened , that Catholicism and arbitrary power were connected together . Now , you take advantage of that circumstance on the other side of the question , against the Catholics , and make the religious part of the subject a ground of exclusion where it never was meant to apply . That was the true origin of the tests ; and other circumstances confirmatory of this , may be found by a reference to the history of the Bill against Occasional Conformity . It will be found that the persons who were most active in bringing about the Revolution , were the constant opposers of that measure ; for the fact is , that they were as much the advocates of religious as they were of political liberty ; and here again let me call upon the learned gentleman opposite to tell me and the House , why he says that his reverence for the Revolution is the reason why he can not accede to the Catholic claims . Why , the Revolution was brought about not for the maintenance of the Church of England merely , but for the maintenance of our civil liberties . Let him read the Bill of Rights , and then let him tell if in that he can find any thing to bear out his assertion . And here . Sir , I can not help deprecating the arguments of the learned doctor , who tells us , that if we accede to the motion of my right hon . friend , we shall destroy the constitution ; 848 and he cites to us a long list of acts of parliament , from the first of Elizabeth , for the maintenance of the Church ; which , he says , must all be repealed , if you grant the Catholics these concessions . Now , that they must be repealed , or partially repealed , is pretty certain ; but that the repeal will destroy the Church Establishment , I utterly deny : and give me also , leave to tell the learned doctor , nor will the repeal of them endanger the constitution . And if the learned doctor knew the true principles of the constitution , he would tell us , as I do confidently maintain , that the bases of the constitution are rather the Habeas Corpus and Bill of Rights , than the Act of Uniformity and the Test Laws . Irish gentlemen would look to the history of these exclusions , and then ask themselves whether the same arguments can be adduced now , which were then adduced in furtherance of these laws ? Sir , exclusions of this kind can not last with justice or propriety , above a certain time . They can not so last beyond the period when the reasons for passing them have ceased to exist . But , then , it is contended that the present laws do not go to affect the great mass of the people . That I deny : because I must contend , contrary to the assertion of the learned doctor , that these are the Petitions of the population of Ireland ; because , without dispute , the majority of that population is Catholic ; although it may be difficult precisely to ascertain the relative proportions of the different seets in that country ; and yet . Sir , it is said , that these laws have only a very partial effect in that country ; and that the paucity of the petitioners is so great , that their complaints are not worth attending to . But I trust , Sir , that these