were more interested in questions involving their constitutional liberties and rights . He was not for reducing the throne or its appearance , where that appearance was necessary for the good and credit of the nation ; but he was averse to splendour , unconnected with these objects . If they looked to the affairs of Europe for the last ten years , they would see that , in proportion as the liberties of the several states were diminished , the splendours of royalty were increased . This comparison afforded no very happy augury on the present occasion . It had been said that the trappings of royalty were sufficient to maintain a republic . This he deemed to be an absurd idea . His opinions were that all that tended to the real safety of the state ought to be kept up—that the generosity of the public would amply provide for the expence attendant on this—and that it would be infinitely wiser , in the present situation of the country , for the royal family and its advisers to remember the sacrifices making by all classes to meet the exigencies and pressure of the times , and not to allow the mere decorations of royalty to add to their burthens and distress . One 133 great miscalculation appeared in this matter—What was given to the chief magistrate ought not to be niggardly , because the honour of the nation was implicated in the manner in which he sustained his rank . But here when , as his hon . friend had staled , the expence had increased while the splendour had diminished , he thought in time that parliament should inquire before it extended that expence.—He could not conclude without saying something about the provision for her royal highness the Princess of Wales . He observed , in the charges upon the civil list , 58,000l . for a queen dowager , who kept no court , and only 20,000l . for a queen who ought to keep a court ; and surely that was a division which did not exactly accord with the splendour of the throne . When he considered that , and when he considered too that there had been two large grants made to two persons , without any of that splendour which such grants ought to produce , resulting from them , he thought it infinitely better to postpone the present vote . would not think himself justified in voting for the motion , unless some additional reasons were adduced to remove the objections he still had on his mind . He had himself first objected to the perplexed manner in which the right hon . gentleman had brought forward the measures for the support of the royal family in the present circumstances ; he had repeatedly called for a clear and distinct account on that head , and was convinced that the House could not in duly proceed to grant further sums without having first obtained such an account . The present motion was , besides , founded on grounds utterly false ; it went , not to fulfil the provisions of former acts , but to anticipate them , and to give the Princesses the present enjoyment of those annuities , which , under those acts , they could not expect till after the demise of the King . The additional grant of 10,000l . to her Majesty had been granted on representations equally fallacious , made by the right hon . gentleman . What reasons did he submit to the House , to induce them to confer that additional 10,000l . a year upon her Majesty ? Why , that it was very likely her Majesty would wish to change her residence , and would have to incur increased expences , in consequence of his Majesty 's indisposition , whose equipages , carriages , horses , & c. served for the general accommodation of the royal family . 134 He did not pretend to know what actual increase of expence had been incurred by her Majesty for horses and carriages since that period , but he knew there was no apparent