further than that , my mind is not satisfied by any thing I have heard upon the subject , that it is right to proceed . I have heard it urged , that we support the cause of Roman Catholics in Spain and Portugal ; but I can not see any force in that argument , for I have no objection to the Roman Catholic religion being exercised , if it did not tend to disturb the established order of things in this country . The existence of that religion is no injury , provided it does not interfere with the government and the constitution ; and therefore there exists no reason against the alliance of this country with Spain and Portugal . Besides , the tone of the Catholics now was very different from what it had been at the commencement of the concessions to them , which were received in the spirit of amity and good-will ; but the moment they gained a standing-place , they assumed the language of menace and intimidation . The noble and learned lord then adverted to the publications which were circulated by the Catholics , which he maintained to be full of falshoods and misrepresentations , and he censured the disposition manifested to rake up those half-buried writings which had formerly tended to inflame the passions of the people . Among others , he alluded to a work entitled `` Ward 's Errata of the Protestant Bible , '' a work particularly suited to that purpose . You are told that the way to 602 prevent the separation of the two kingdoms ( so much to be dreaded ) is to grant the boon demanded by the Catholics ; but could that prevent it ? Is it by increasing the political power of a body who have shewn themselves disposed to agitate the country ? Would they by increasing the means , diminish the disposition ? On the contrary , I think they would greatly increase it ; and that a concession on that ground would be as unwise in the con ' sequences which were likely to ensue from it , as the conduct of the Saxons was in buying off the Danes as often as they invaded their territories . It has been suggested by the royal duke ( Sussex ) that as every guard and security are provided , it is therefore proper to go into a committee . But there is no ground for supposing this , for nothing less than unconditional concession would satisfy the Catholics , and this they have declared on various occasions in the most positive terms . It is not a little singular that those who would not make the slightest concession on their part , desire to be put in possession of situations which would give them the patronage of the Protestant Church . They desire to be raised to places of trust under the crown , and yet will not grant the crown the most contracted negative . Do they not condemn themselves by refusing to concede the Veto ? Do they not declare by the refusal that they would not place the highest dignitaries of the Church from under a foreign controul hostile to this country ? And do they , notwithstanding , demand an admission to power which would give them a controul over the Protestant Church ? I maintain that it would answer no good purpose to go into a committee ; for , if the object of such a measure is to conciliate the Catholics , it would not be effected by any thing short of entire and absolute concession , and for the truth of this assertion , I need only refer your lordships to the Resolutions passed at Galway , at a meeting where lord French presided.— ( Here the noble lord read over some of the Resolutions , which pledged the Catholics not to vote for any candidate who would not support the entire concession of the Catholic Claims , & c. ) For what purpose , then , would their lordships go into a committee ? What have you to consider there ?