the figure of speech in which the right hon . gentleman had indulged , and which remained uncontradicted , had created a most melancholy impression . felt convinced that the expressions had been used ; but from the manner in which the right hon . gentleman received those who waited upon him on business , he was convinced that there was no intention to insult or offend . He expressed his hope that the grievous complaints of the numerous petitioners , who had resorted to the House for redress , would be most seriously considered . suggested , that if the right hon . gentleman could not deny the precise expression , at least he could disclaim the policy which might be supposed to dictate it . objected to the words , as containing a comment on the system government intended to pursue with regard to the Orders in Council . observed , that to-morrow would be the more fit time for the explanation required . The Petition was then brought up , and read ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners have been credibly informed , and do believe that the right hon . George Rose did lately , in a conference between his Majesty 's Chancellor of the Exchequer and certain master manufacturers of the town of Birmingham , compare the situation of the people of England and France to that of two men holding their heads in a vessel of water , and trying which can longest endure the pain 1068 of suffocation ; and that the petitioners can not , without great alarm , hear of this type or comparison as illustrating the effects of a war which his Majesty 's ministers have from time to time promised to terminate , by the subjugation and restraint of France ; and that , though the above-mentioned comparison too aptly typifies the condition of the petitioners , all whose means of livelihood are alarmingly curtailed by the events of war , and by the process of taxation , and many of whom are reduced to the extreme of want , it is by no means applicable to the right hon . George Rose , and divers others similarly circumstanced , who , by the emoluments of the offices which they hold under government , and the possession of considerable pensions and salaries of sinecure places , are much at their ease in the midst of public calamity ; and praying the House to pass a Bill for appropriating , during the future continuance of the war , the salaries of all sinecure offices , and all unmerited and extravagant pensions , to public purposes , which Bill , the petitioners humbly conceive , by tending in a degree to equalize the pressure of the times , will at once tranquillize the general feeling , and accelerate to this country the acquisition of the blessings of peace . '' Ordered to lie upon the table . said , that he believed the right hon . member was in Ireland . said , that he did not at all doubt but that the right hon . gentleman was in Ireland , where , during the discussion of the late important question , he ought not to have been . He expressed his hope , that the House would not excuse the absence of the right hon . gentleman . thought the hon . general might have been a little more lenient in his observations . did not understand why the right hon . gentleman should have 1069 been allowed to fight shy of the Catholic question . Notwithstanding what had been said by the hon . gentleman opposite , he still hoped the right hon . member would not be excused . did not see there was even a pretence laid before the House for the absence of the right hon . member . He should move . That he be taken into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms . rose again and said , he was absolutely certain that the right hon . gentleman would have been in his place had he not met with some unforeseen