loud in reprobating such atrocities . A noble and learned lord has descanted on the censurable want of equity shewn by the Roman Catholics , when they demand of you every thing , and refuse to you on the other hand the first security which had been desired from them . In illustration of the temper thus ascribed to them , the noble lord has instanced what is called the Veto ; the check proposed to be lodged in the crown upon the nomination to Catholic bishoprics . The objections made to that arrangement appear to me quite wide of the present discussion . It is an erroneous view of the question now before you to regard it as referring to this or that communion . But even were the noble and learned lord right in mingling an advertence to religious tenets with the question , what advantage could his argument draw from the point which he has started ? What title have you to interfere with the appointment of the Catholic bishops any more than with that of the Scotch episcopalians , who proceed upon the same pretension of apostolical devolution in their chain of consecration ? As long as these appointments are unacknowledged by the state , government can have nothing to do with them . Were the Catholic clergy to request stipendiary provision from you , or were you to invite them to such an arrangement , you would be entitled to propose the conditions . But without such a ground you have no colour , nay no justification , for interference with the Catholic priesthood . An allusion was made by the noble lord who brought forward this motion , of a sort most difficult to be noticed in reply without a breach of respect and delicacy . It is impossible for me to pass it altogether by . The anguish which I felt from it , and the deep sense I have of calamities that might arise from any misconstruction on that point , impel me to give it some advertence , though that advertence must be somewhat indistinct if I keep within any bounds of order . The disappointment of cherished hopes , and the blight of encouraged reliance , have been forcibly and eloquently depicted to you . The natural 657 effect of such a portraiture would be a dissuasion from future confidence in the same quarter . Against this most fatal and most erroneous conclusion I wish to plead : and if my humble voice can be heard , I implore this country and Ireland to repel so injurious , so ruinous a supposition . There must be many circumstances on which it would be the greatest presumption for any of us to judge , without the knowledge requisite for forming a complete estimate . In such cases , general principles are entitled to demand a candid and liberal trust . If any expectations beneficial to the public have not been realized , I will boldly assert , it must have happened from some perplexities which have thwarted the most upright and benevolent intentions . I ground my assertion on my intimate knowledge of that heart . I aver that more genuine reverence for the constitution , a more exalted veneration for the principles of civil and religious freedom , or a more unceasing solicitude to promote the welfare and happiness of every description of British subjects , than what reign in the breast of that high personage , never did rule the mind of any man . You know I can not be deceived in this : you know I dare not deceive you . Excuse me , my lords , if I have transgressed instating this . It is the consideration of the influence such an explanation may have upon public concerns that has alone induced me to trench upon the subject . I feel how nearly I have been bordering on irregularity , and I quit the topic . I then return to the argument of the noble and learned lord . He desires you to observe that there is no limit to the claims of the Catholics .