This might be true , as well as the addition to it—that the man being discharged , instantly recovered ; but on hearing that a press-gang was in the neighbourhood , made his escape , and never was heard of afterwards.—He confessed , he thought that he never had been heard of before . This story shewed the distress to which the hon . baronet was reduced , and the state of mind in which he came to the discussion of the subject , when he who professed in general very little respect for newspaper authority , could still for his own purposes think every word of this improbable narration strictly true.— ( Sir F. Burdett said , across the House , that the man belonged to the 1st Somersetshire militia , and that the surgeon who trepanned him was a Mr. Welsh of Taunton . ) —No doubt , then , since the hon . baronet was so well acquainted with the names and addresses , he had taken pains to write to Mr. Welsh , of Taunton ; but until better authority was quoted , he should think it a complete fabrication , since those who would naturally have received information about it knew nothing of a circumstance so extraordinary . The case of suicide introduced had no better foundation , it had been enquired into , and the newspaper in which it was inserted was now the subject of prosecution . Besides , upon these matters the document required would afford no intelligence , although it was preposterously held out to be one , the contents of which would throw the country into a state of revolt.—One of the great objections to laying this account upon the table was , that it would point out particular regiments in which more flogging was inflicted , ( although deservedly ) than in others , and would hold up the officers commanding such regiments to the odium of the army , and of the whole country , from which not the slightest benefit could be derived , since the necessary punishments must be continued . The number of corporal punishments would appear , but the grounds and merits of each case would remain out of sight . If officers were thus to be put upon their trial , it would be far better to make any law that might be deemed advisable prospective.—Another reason for refusing it was , that it would only produce 389 future debate , since the avowed object was to bring the general question under the notice of the House . In his opinion , nothing but the most trying necessity could justify the discusssion of military affairs by the legislature , and yet the present was the third or fourth time that gentlemen had volunteered to introduce the subject during the present session . To this it was answered , that resistance to the motion provoked discussion . How could it be avoided ? For gentlemen finding that because they should not have the document required to debate upon on a future day , had taken this opportunity of de claiming , not on the point before the House , but upon the general question of the propriety of flogging in the army . An hon . and learned gentleman ( Sir S. Romilly ) had set out with recalling the attention of members to the true matter at issue , but led away by the warmth of his feelings , and by the wide scope the subject gave to his eloquence , had wandered from the line he had in the beginning chalked out , and had entertained the House with highly-wrought pictures of miseries attending corporal punishment . If , therefore , the return were made , the consequence would be to ensure two debates , instead of getting rid of the subject in one . The hon . baronet had repeated now what he had before stated , that because we had a local militia , Great Britain was a flogged nation . It might as truly be said that we were a hanged nation , because all were subject to the