could not even 1159 now suffer to go uncontradicted , and that was the idea of French manufactured silks being permitted to be imported into this country . Such an idea going abroad might produce great discontent , and therefore he could not agree that the motion should extend to silk goods , which were actually prohibited . contended , that he himself did actually see French silk goods for sale within these two days . If no silk goods however had really been imported , the return would most effectually shew this . asked , would the noble lord take upon him to say , that he had seen French silks in the river within these two days ? said he had seen them for sale , and was informed they had been lately imported . said no Custom-house officer dared suffer any such article to be imported . submitted , that with the information his noble friend had received , he had done nothing more than his duty in bringing the matter before the House ; and he hoped the House would not be satisfied unless the word silks formed part of the motion . The return too , if it shewed that no silks had actually been imported , would most effectually calm any dissatisfaction or fermentation that might prevail . thought it hardly worth while to oppose the motion as it stood , as the return would give the best answer to this charge . did not pretend to say that the silks of which he spoke had been entered at the Custom-house ; but he had been informed , that they had formed part of a cargo of the value of 9,0000l . which bad been imported into this country . moved to add to the motion the words , `` Whether for exportation or for home consumption , '' when argued against the principle of the Bill . His chief ground of objection was , however , that it violated the articles of Union with Scotland . The 1160 Bill pretended only to regulate Sinecure offices , but he contended , that as far as Scotland was concerned , it went altogether to abolition . In a question of this kind , it ought , in his opinion , never be forgotten that the rights of two countries were to be considered ; and though the making of distinction might be invidious , yet he never could suffer the rights of his country to be violated without opposition ; he never could suffer the rights of the Scottish people , the remnants of their ancient monarchy , the memorial of their pride as an independent nation , to be done away , without making all those efforts which his private duty as well as his love of country dictated . The people of Scotland had stipulated at the Union , that their chief offices of slate should be preserved . This was to them a son of remuneration , and not merely an act of grace or favour ; and he should like to know un what ground it was , that the very first offices in Scotland were , in defiance of solemn treaty and plighted national faith , to be now abolished was this preserving that honourable feeling in the contemplation of which the Union with Scotland was formed ; or was it not rather , for a paltry consideration , a dereliction of that honourable feeling ? When Mr. Burke made his attempt at the reformation of offices , did such a departure from good faith ever enter into his head ? Did he not in fact know human nature too well ever to have ventured on a breach of faith with a people who were too much alive to feelings of that description to have suffered such an insult and such an injury with lame insensibility ? The right hon . gentleman then protested , that he had no quarrel with the mover or supporters of this Bill ; that he opposed it totally on high national ground . That he respected the rights of England , but that he