possession of his faculties , in the vigour of a health not likely to be impaired for many years to come , perfectly able to read and write , and fully competent to the transaction of public business , calls in that species of assistance which William 3 , which Geo . 1 , and George 2 , in their long career of glory , and at those periods which are universally deemed to be the proudest in our national annals , did not require , which George 3 did not require , until by the severe visitation of Providence be was afflicted with blindness.— '' What ! deprive the Prince of a secretary , '' exclaims an hon . gentleman ; `` will you give him no help , will you afford him no time to deliberate on 358 the vast projects of those illustrious ministers by whom he is surrounded ? '' Why , Sir , his Majesty managed to do all this.—Oh , but then you do not consider the prodigious increase of public business since 1804 , and indeed there may be some reasonable wonder how the business of that year was got through.—What so moderate too , it is asked , as the sum of 2,000l . ? —and if it be so moderate , what objection can there be to the Prince paying it out of his own private purse ? —It was not the amount of emolument that constituted the objection to colonel M'Mahon 's former appointment , but the principle , which has been condemned , as I trust the principle of the present appointment will be , by the House of Commons . The House ought to inform itself of the real duties attached to this newly erected office . I do not believe that they consist in the drudgery described . As a privy counsellor , colonel M'Mahon has a right to give advice to his Royal Highness . A noble lord and two right hon . gentlemen , whose arguments were so much alike as to render it difficult to distinguish between them , tell us at once that the Prince Regent can not act without the aid of such an appointment . Do they mean to say this , that it is to be co-ordinate with the functions of royalty , that the monarchy is too unwieldy to be managed by a single hand , and that therefore , there is a necessity for calling in colonel M'Mahon to bear his share of the burden ? —From the cheer of the right hon . gentleman , when by a right hon . friend of mine the phrase of 'early predilections ' was used , be may have supposed that I included myself in the number of those to whom it might generally be applied . But I beg leave to disclaim the honour ; the shot passed over my head . Doubtless we now know nothing of private attachments or private actions , though a pretty general belief once prevailed that there once were such things as political preferences and regards , since they appeared to be well authenticated and recorded . But this is at an end ; the scene is closed ; and we are henceforward to look only to the appointed and responsible servants of the crown , for the opinions of the crown , and I trust that after all we have heard , and all we have experienced from the evils of a secret influence , we shall not permit this new sera to be signalized by the formal appointment of an intermediate officer between the crown and its ministers . declared , that with one exception , there could not , in his opinion , be a more unobjectionable appointment than that which was the subject of the present discussion . By the general acknowledgment , there was a greater weight of business on the sovereign at the present day , owing in a great measure to the extended scale of our military operations , than at any former period . If anyone voted against the motion , except on the conviction