to crush them . 813 The Test laws passed under the direction of such feelings were found on the statute-book by the illustrious men who laid the foundations of our settled freedom at the Revolution . Nor can it be wondered at that they never thought of repealing them , when it is recollected how principal a part many among them had taken in procuring that enactment . Every thing that had happened since that time must ( with their feelings ) have tended to confirm that determined antipathy to Roman Catholic policy ; that dread of Popish power , which experience and passion had so deeply rooted in their breasts . But , Sir , I do maintain that there was nothing in the principles laid down by them at that time , nothing in their conduct , to warrant the conclusion , that they considered Catholic exclusion as a fundamental ingredient in the constitution , of invariable and eternal application , and from which no circumstances ought ever to induce a Protestant government to depart . Not only is there no proof of their having held , —but I think there is a strong proof that they did not hold any such opinion . I find that proof in the Declaration of Rights , with which they accompanied their tender of the crown to William and Mary . That immortal document , in which they addressed their new sovereign in the plain and dignified language of rational freedom , contained a full enumeration of all their grievances , a condemnation of the wicked principles of government which occasioned them , and a specific remedy for each . In such a paper we must , I think , be compelled to admit , that they set down every thing they conceived to be of fundamental importance , omitting none of those principles , an adherence to which they believed to be essential at all times , and under all circumstances , to the preservation of the liberlies they were then asserting , of the constitution they were so nobly employed in settling and defining . Here , however , we find not one word about the test laws , and in their enumeration of grievances ( it is singular enough , considering the stale of mens ' minds at the time , that it should be so , ) there is no mention of the Papists , except in a complaint that king James had allowed Papists to go armed , and had disarmed Protestants . What is the remedy proposed for this evil ? That Protestants should be allowed to bear arms for their security and defence . Is it possible to conceive that , if these exclusive doctrines , 814 so falsely imputed to them , had really swayed the conduct of such men as Halifax and Somers , they would have neglected to give effect to them in a document that may be considered as a declaration of their principles ? No , Sir , no . Those great men knew that the test laws were innovations in the constitution ; they believed them , no doubt , to be justified by necessity and the dangers of the times ; but they knew them to be innovations . They were occupied in securing the happiness of a great nation and its posterity , not in narrowing the principles of the constitution , for the purpose of perpetuating the power of a sect . The principles they laid down were few and plain ; calculated to ensure the freedom of all descriptions of men in this land , without the exception of any , and from them we never can depart if we would not be slaves . But they did no more . They left matters of temporary expediency to be settled as circumstances should require ; and among them they reckoned the test laws , wisely judging that the statesmen of succeeding times would deal with them as necessity might dictate , or policy require their continuance or their abrogation . The internal and external dangers of those times flowed from Popery . Religion had