was appointed . Not , surely , as the noble lord had stated ( Castlereagh ) , that his Royal Highness might not be suffocated beneath piles of papers , unable to move from under them . He should , indeed , be sorry at such an event ; but if that were the danger that was to be avoided , he feared the appointment would not answer all its purposes—for if his Royal Highness was not an Atlas , his private secretary was certainly not a Hercules , and , like a favourite cat , drowned in a bowl of milk , we should , perhaps , see colonel 352 M'Mahon 's death announced , suffocated under reams of official paper . He begged pardon of the House for imitating the levity of the right hon . gentleman , and concluded by declaring , that his vote should be given for the production of the documents moved for . In the event of their production , it would be for the House to consider what further steps ought to be taken . observed , that the more the House heard of this business the more they must feel surprised that his hon . friend ( Mr. Wynn ) , after reflection , had persisted in his motion . He was anxious to rescue his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) from that species of misconstruction which had been too frequently practised on the opposite side of the House—he alluded to the assertion made by the right hon . gentleman who had spoken last , that his right hon . friend had invented a speech in order to have an opportunity of answering it.—The only proof of this invention which had been adduced was , a statement that his hon . friend had imputed to the gentleman on the other side of the House , the use of the words `` illegal and unconstitutional , '' when no such words had been uttered . He believed that his right hon . friend was perfectly correct in asserting , that the hon . mover of the question had described the office as illegal— [ Mr. Wynn said . No ! No ! across the table ] .—The hon . gentleman said he had not used the assertion , and he had no doubt he was right ; however , it was of little import , whether the word illegal or unconstitutional was used , for that which was unconstitutional could not be legal.—He did not , however , believe , that one constitutional principle had been violated by the appointment in question . If his Majesty had not been afflicted with his present calamity , notwithstanding all the advantages he possessed , from the immense accumulation of business since the year 1805 , it would have been impossible for him to have executed his functions without that species of accommodation which had been afforded his royal highness the Prince Regent , by the appointment of col. M'Mahon . thought that the House must agree to the motion , for the purpose of passing a censure upon the appointment , and of reversing it , unless every thing that was constitutional was to be given up to the mere purposes of convenience . All the original objections to the office not alone remain unanswered , but had been 353 considerably strengthened . The nomination of colonel Taylor had nothing in it similar , he thought , to that of colonel M'Mahon ; the former was rendered necessary , if he might so express himself , by the hand of God ; and it could not therefore form a precedent for the case then before the House . The impropriety of that case he had not heard refuted ; he had heard levity indeed , and a good deal of unsuitable indignation : but they did not seem to suit that æra of Lacedemonian virtue , upon which he hoped to see both sides of the House act . As to the increased public business , which had been assigned as the cause of that appointment , that