was then recommitted . proposed what he termed a valuable amendment , taking away from the landlord the right of ejectment after a tender of Bank notes in payment of his rent by the tenant . It was warmly opposed by Messrs. Horner , Brougham , and others , on the ground that it was a most important alteration , depriving the landlord of his only remaining remedy , and making Bank notes to all intents and purposes legal tender . The Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Simeon maintained a contrary position , insisting that nothing new in principle was suggested , and indeed that the alteration had been in contemplation from the commencement . The amendment was passed without a division ; the Report was brought up , received , agreed to , and the Bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . presented a Petition from certain manufacturers , traders , and others , of the town of Birmingham , against the continuance of the Orders in Council , which was ordered to lie on the table . presented a Petition to the same effect , from the body of merchants , manufacturers , and other loyal inhabitants of the town of Sheffield , in the county of York , and its vicinity . The Petition expressed , in strong language , the opinion of the petitioners respecting these measures , and praying their lordships to adopt such measures as in their wisdom 501 they may deem proper for the purpose of rescinding the same . presented a second Petition , precisely to the same effect from Birmingham . took occasion to observe , that the Petition just presented had received the signatures of more than 14,000 individuals , and urged the propriety of their lordships paying the most serious attention to a subject of such vital importance , and respecting which the sense of such a large portion of their fellow subjects was so decidedly expressed . then adverted to the notice he had given of a motion respecting the Orders in Council , with reference to the numerous Petitions which crowded the table of the House , setting forth the distresses of the manufacturers in consequence of the operation of these Orders , and moved to discharge the order for summoning their lordships on that motion on Tuesday next , and to renew it for Thursday the 30th instant . observed , that the various applications to parliament upon this important subject , strongly expressed the opinions and the feelings of the great body of those most interested in and affected by the measures in question . What they alleged against those ruinous measures was strictly founded in fact , and this he would be the more enabled to prove , were the documents which he should move for on Friday ordered to be produced . The petitioners took a right view of the subject , and he agreed with them , as he was sure that no measures could more effectually aid the enemy than the means afforded by those Orders in Council . They would tend eventually to the creation of a marine for the enemy , and would , instead of diminishing , tend to increase the supplies for those armies with which he subjugated the continent . He conjured their lordships to attend to the subject , when it should , ere long , come under their consideration , as involving points not only vitally affecting the commercial and trading interests , but even the national existence of the country itself . strongly contended that a very mistaken and erroneous sense of the nature and effect of the Orders in Council was entertained by those whose opinions were expressed in the language they had just heard read . He would put it to their lordships what would be the inevitable effect of a repeal of the Orders in Council ? 502 It would , in fact , be to open the ports of France to importations from the Baltic , from the United States of America , and various other places ; it would be to transfer the entire