the assertion on the other side except mere assertion ; and I hope one assertion is as good as another . Now , Sir , with respect to the wealth and power of these most formidable Roman Catholics , who , without you indulge them in these wonderful strange privileges they demand , and which their religion disables them , and ought to disable them , from enjoying , as long as they continue to hold the principles they do ; and who , it is said , unless you do this , will fly into open rebellion . Their wealth is stated at a prodigious rate indeed ; but the statement is not confined merely to personal property , but to real property also . Now , I say , that the statement with respect to both is grossly exaggerated . As to real property , it is notorious that the Catholics do not possess one out of forty-nine parts of the whole kingdom ; and with respect to commercial property , notwithstanding the exaggerated and misrepresented statements of their wealth and progress in commerce , it is very wall known from the most judicious calculation , that they have not one out of ten parts of the commercial wealth of the country . So here are forty-eight out of forty-nine parts out of the real property , and nine out of ten of the personal properly in possession of the Protestants ; and yet the Roman Catholics ostentatiously hold forth that they are the people of Ireland ! and they say , forsooth , that this is a contest between England and Ireland ; and that all Ireland is up in arms for this claim of emancipation ! Now , Sir , with respect to these Petitions , I deny that they are any of them older than five days : the majority of them not having had existence for more than two or three days . But some of these Petitions are said to be the Petitions of the Protestants of Ireland in favour of the Roman Catholics of Ireland . For my own part , I can say of my own knowledge , that in many counties in Ireland there have been many attempts made to procure Protestant signatures , but they have always been 751 scouted ; and in many instances where they did give them , they were surreptitiously obtained . Two Petitions , I know , were signed at night , by threats . I know Petitions have been signed by the Protestants in parts of the country , where the Catholics are predominant , as in the south of Ireland . There , Sir , the people do not live in towns as they do here , which rendered the prospect of intimidation favourable . Private emissaries , I know , were sent about , and wherever there was a Protestant farmer , there was private intimation sent to him , that if he did not sign the Petition in favour of the Catholics , his house would be set fire to . ( Hear , hear ! and a laugh from general Matthew . ) I am glad to hear so much mirth from the facevious orator opposite , a good bon-fire is a handsome thing , but not so pleasant to the sufferers . The truth , however , of the fact is notorious ; and . Sir , I know of my own knowledge , that in the city of Dublin , wherever there was a poor Protestant who followed a retail business , there were messages sent about to him , that if he did not sign the Petition , he should lose all his Catholic customers , and that no Catholic should deal with him ; and that , when it is recollected that the lower orders of the society are all Catholics , was a very serious thing to a man in his situation . That sort of conduct had some effect , but very little . I know this Petition , which was said to be the Petition of all the Protestants of Dublin ,