long be persisted in . No courtier so devoted , no politician so hardened , no conscience so capacious ; I am not afraid of occasional majorities . I remember , in 1782 , to have been opposed by a court majority , and to have beaten down that majority . I remember , on a similar occasion , to have stood with twenty-five , opposed to a strong majority , and to have overcome that immense majority . A majority can not overlay a great principle . God will guard his own cause against rank majorities . In vain shall men appeal to a church-cry , or to a mock-thunder : the proprietor of the bolt is on the side of the people . Should you however , finally resolve upon such a measure , such a penal sentence , recollect how much you will be embarrassed by engagements ; recollect the barrier is removed that formerly stood against the measure I propose . However we may lament the cause , we must acknowledge the fact , and perceive , that the time is now come , in which the Catholics were to expect a gracious predilection . They were taught to expect that their 733 wounds would be healed , and their disabilities were to cease ; that a great deliverer was on his way , that would wipe the tears of the Irish , and cast upon the royal family a new ray of glory everlasting . They gave themselves up to a passion that was more than allegiance , and followed the leading light that cheered their painful steps through the wilderness , until they came to the borders of the land of promise ; when behold the vision of royal faith vanishes , and the curse , which blasted their forefathers , is to be entailed upon their children . In addition to this immeasurable disappointment , you must consider another—you may remember the Union . Without enquiring whether the repeal of Catholic disability was actually promised , it was the expectation of the measure which carried the Union . It is the price for the Union ; and an essential part thereof : you will now pay the purchase of that measure . National honour is power , in trade it is capital , in the state it is force . The name of England has carried you through a host of difficulties ; we conjure you by that name to accede to these Petitions ; should you finally refuse , you repeal the Union ; you declare the Irish and the English to be a distinct people ; you not only declare it , but you do it ; you dissolve the incorporation ; they were kept together by hope , and you divide them by despair ; you make them two distinct nations , with opposite and with hostile interests ; the one with civil privileges , the other without ; the one in the act of disqualifying the other ; the oppressor and the oppressed . The idea of the union is two-fold ; a union of parliament , and a union of people . I see the union of Parliament ; and in that I see the measure which makes the legislature more handy to the minister ; but where are the people ? Where is the consolidation ? Where is the common interest ? Where is the heart that should animate the whole , and that combined giant that should put forth his hundred hands for the state ? There is no such thing ; the petitioners tell you so ; they tell you that it is impossible such a policy should last ; a policy that takes away the parliament of Ireland , and excludes the Catholics from the Parliament of England ; a policy that obtained the Union by the hope of admission , and now makes the exclusion everlasting . The Catholics now come to you ; they 734 have brought their Protestant neighbours along with them , and they both call upon you for the civil capacities of the Catholics , and for the integrity