England . confessed that he did not hear the first speech of the hon . gent . but he had the misfortune to hear the two last . He should certainly think himself greatly wanting in his duty to the public , if he did not endeavour to counteract , by every effort in his power , the mischievous misrepresentations of the measures of government which were circulated insidiously through the country . Those misrepresentations were calculated to divert the resources of the country from that patriotic channel in which they ought to flow , into a channel of disaffection ; they were calculated to make men turn away their confidence from the conductors of our public affairs , and to make them believe , that until certain measures were adopted—until a change , which he knew to be impossible , should take place—the country could never regain its former prosperity . It was the proper and peculiar duty of a member of parliament not to suffer the public to be deluded by artful misrepresentations , —not to suffer their ignorance or their prejudices to be worked upon by those persons in the country , who seemed to spend their time and talents in poisoning the minds of the people . He could conceive nothing more mischievous in a political , nor more infamous in a moral sense , than the propagation of falshood which was now disseminated ; of falshood he should say , because there were many members on the benches opposite , and even the hon . gentleman himself ( Mr. Whitbread ) who had admitted at various times that the effect of the Orders in Council was not such as was now attributed to them . He held in his hand a paper which was just one of that description which now crowded the country newspapers , and in hand bills crept through the country ; this paper was signed `` A Staffordshire Potter , '' and it set out with a most notorious falshood , that before the Orders in Council , and under the first operation of Buonaparté 's decrees , our trade was not diminished . ( Hear , hear , from Mr . Baring . ) What ? did he hear a cheer from any gentleman opposite ? or was the cheer from him who had often taken part in debates on this subject , and who must , therefore , be well acquainted with the truth of the fact which he was alluding to ? Did the hon . gentleman mean that the representation of the paper was right ? If so , he should certainly move a resolution on the fact , and have it officially before the House ( Move , move ! 313 from the Opposition benches . ) He disdained those sneering cries , because he knew that there was no person who would venture to call upon him seriously for proof of a fact which was in evidence before the House . It was already known , that during the first three months after the issuing of Buonaparté 's decrees , until the Orders in Council were adopted , our trade had not only diminished , but was entirely at a stand ; that there were no exports , and that many of the cargoes which had cleared the river for the continent were obliged to be relanded . The insurance was even so high as 60 per cent . ; so that scarcely any underwriter was to be found who would subscribe one . This was a stubborn fact ; and yet in defiance of such a truth , there were men who could be base enough to mislead poor ignorant manufacturers , and make them attribute to the Orders in Council , and the government who advised them , the very contrary of their operation . Such a bold and rank imposture he would not impute to any member of that House , because he was aware that the intentions of them all were pure ; but he would say , that such an imposture must proceed from a French party , animated by