seen , indeed , with no less surprize than regret , the persevering opposition which these Petitions still experience , under circumstances which led to better hopes . I ask myself , when the transactions of this eventful period shall be reviewed by our descendants , what will be their judgment of our present conduct ? With what astonishment , what indignation and contempt will they not consider the deliberation of this night ? They will have learnt with what a cloud of dangers we are now surrounded . Time and history will have unveiled to them all that we now feel , and all that we fear ; all that our government is concealing from us , and all that we are labouring to disguise from ourselves . They will then ask , what was , in such a moment , the employment of the British parliament ? Did we then , if not before , apply ourselves to unite in combined and vigorous resistance , all who participate in the common danger ? Did we in such an hour determine , however late , to reward loyalty by confidence , and conciliate attachment by justice ? Did we at last resolve to consolidate all the interests of our empire , and to blend all its subjects into one undistinguished community , enjoying equal rights , governed by equal laws , and animated by the sense of equal benefits to the defence of their common country ? None of all these . We are deliberating , not whether we shall grant , but whether we shall consider these Petitions . We are debating , not on the provisions which should accompany , or the measures which should follow this act of tardy justice , but whether tried loyalty , unshaken patriotism and long forbearance have even yet entitled our fellow subjects 663 to have their case considered by the legislature of their country . Our table is covered , our floor encumbered with these Petitions . They proceed from little less than one quarter of your whole people ; they express the sense of the great majority both of the population and the property of Ireland ; and they are backed by those very persons for whose safety , it is said these disabilities affecting four millions of their fellow-subjects , are established and maintained . The Protestants of Ireland pray you to break down the barriers with which you have surrounded them . They have found in your safeguards , a source not of protection , but of danger ; not of strength , but of increased debility . They solicit , therefore , that you will suffer them to renounce their exclusive advantages , to restore to their country the blessings of equal laws , and to share with every class of its inhabitants , all the rights and all the duties of freemen . These are the petitioners whose request you refuse to consider , whose prayers are judged unworthy even to be referred to a committee of this House . Yet we sit here as the legislators of an united empire , not administering the interests of England only , but charged alike with the especial duty of consulting the wants and wishes of another kingdom . Her independent parliament was yielded up to a belief in our integrity ; and wisely was it yielded up , had but the justice of Great Britain equalled the confidence of Ireland . The whole people of that kingdom are now before you , lamenting with one voice the mischiefs of a long cherished intolerance , and beseeching you for their sakes and for your own , to restore peace and union to their distracted country . The Catholic enumerating his unmerited sufferings : the Protestant disclaiming his pernicious privileges ; the loyalist of every class entreating you to remember that laws of disqualification and disfranchisement are justified only by uncontroulable necessity . That the evils which these provisions were intended to avert , have long since passed away , while those which they produce and aggravate , are immediate and urgent , affecting daily all the dearest