; and another issued at Fakenham , in Norfolk . Such a debased circulation as this had , he contended , never been witnessed in any country , without being the forerunner of some great change or revolution . With respect to the notes of the bank of England , they had formerly been issued , either to purchase bullion for discount , or to accommodate government . It would not now be-contended that any were issued to purchase bullion . Let it then be considered what an enormous profit the Bank were making by the issue of their notes . Formerly they would not discount for any country bank who issued notes , but now every country banker , through his agent in town , might discount at the Bank , and thus be enabled to issue his own notes through the means of the discount obtained at the bank of England . Putting the case also of their discounting 1,000l . for a merchant , to enable him to pay duties at the customs , the notes passed into the hands of the receiver general of the customs , by whom they were deposited at the Bank ; and thus the Bank had a profit of five per cent . on the money whilst deposited . It was , therefore , of essential importance that they should have information as to the slate of the deposit accounts at the Bank . The noble earl , after recapitulating the evils which arose from the system of paper currency , concluded by moving for a Committee of the whole House , to enquire into the state of the metallic and paper currency throughout the country , the transactions of the bank of England since 1797 , and other matters connected with the subject . thought that all the requisite information upon this subject had already been laid before the House , and that it could be of no use to go into the enquiry proposed by the noble earl . As to the objection that the interest of the Bank proprietors and that of the public were at variance , he contended , that however it might be for the interest of the Bank proprietors for a short time to exceed the 1133 usual issue of Bank notes , yet that the evil of that excess would recoil upon them-selves , and that their well-understood interest in limiting the issue of Bank notes , was , in fact , the same as that of the public . As to the tokens issued by the Bank , he contended , that they could not be at all classed with Bank notes , they being merely issued for the purpose of small change . expressed his concurrence in the propriety of the proposed enquiry . He supported the argument of his noble friend , that the Bank proprietors had an interest distinct from that of the public ; and argued , that , by the proposed Bill , the prerogative of the crown , to stamp the currency of the realm , and limit or extend its quantity , was placed in the hands of the Bank directors . When be saw a body of twenty-four men invested with such authority ; when he fell that they must be divided between their duty to the public and to the individuals whom they represented , he thought the motion ought to be agreed to . He was not one of those who thought that the former sound system of cash circulation could be suddenly reverted to without risking a dangerous convulsion ; but he did think that every means ought to be adopted that they might gradually return to that sound and healthful system , and in this view he supported the motion of his noble friend , in order that they might have before them the requisite information to guide their conduct , particularly under the new relations between government and the Bank , by which the latter had the power of regulating the circulation at their pleasure—the controul of government being necessarily weakened by the large unfunded debt which they were