in which their Petition on this subject was carried , I must beg leave to say was extremely unjust . An assembly was convened highly respectable in the persons and numbers who composed it . The question was regularly and dispassionately discussed , and although there was a considerable difference of opinion as to the propriety of preparing such a Petition , yet it was ultimately carried by a majority of the convocation of four to one in its favour . I beg , therefore , Sir , that I may not be told that this Petition is not a fair representation of the sentiments of that University , or that the result would have been different , if the whole body of its members had been present on the occasion . I am , 862 therefore , Sir , warranted in saying , that the Petition is a fair statement of the sense of that University , as well as of the great body of the nation . The petitioners are men of the best education , of the greatest talents , and the most unblemished integrity . How , then , I would ask , can it be justly said , that they were but little capable of forming a correct judgment on a political question of great national importance ? So much , Sir , I felt it my duty to say in reply to the illiberal reflections thus cast upon the University of Oxford . Upon the general question before you , Sir , I feel it necessary to trouble the House with only a few observations ; having been so repeatedly called on upon former occasions to state my opinions upon the subject . That the question has been so repealedly brought forward year after year , is to me a matter of serious regret , The perpetual agitation of it has roused the turbulent passions of opposite parties , and kept the public mind in a state of constant ferment . It is a question fraught with danger to the nation , and one which hazards the setting fire to the country . If I saw any thing like the probability of parties coming to an agreement , I should then see the propriety of pursuing this course ; and I should hail it as a happy omen of the discontinuance of those conflicts ; but although the question has come forward year after year , those differences of opinion still remain unaltered ; and after the repeated determinations of this House upon the subject , and one of those determinations not many weeks old ; how can it be expected that the decision of this night should be different from the former . The House has been repeatedly told every year that the thing must be done ; that the feelings of the petitioners can no longer be trifled with ; and that the danger of refusal is so great that it ought not to be encountered . The answer to this , however , is , that parliament has repeatedly said , `` it shall not be done ; '' and what end , therefore , can be answered by repeatedly agitating this question , but to keep up a continual war , between the petitioners and the legislature ? It has been admitted by those who are most competent to speak to the point , that neither in Ireland , nor in this country , is the public mind , as it is commonly , or rather vulgarly called , made up to the granting of these privileges to the Catholics ; nor could they , I am satisfied , be granted without the imminent risk of exciting civil commotions . I venture to 863 refer it to any man 's observation , whether he really thinks the public sentiment has , in any degree , altered upon this subject . I would ask , is there any alteration for the better in the question itself ? If I seek for any alteration in the language of the petitioners , as a new ground for the anticipation of success , I