yourselves ; and you must now shew that it was just and wise in you to do exactly what you did do , and no more—that the Catholics are worthy of confidence exactly to that extent , and to no greater . You must show that no danger existed up to a certain point in your progress , but that there the danger began ; and when you proceed to your proof , you will find yourselves in a dilemma , livery single argument that goes to justify your present conduct , goes equally to condemn your past ; and every argument that you can adduce in support of your past policy , goes equally to condemn your present conduct . Can we maintain for a single moment , that it was fit to trust the great body of the people with all the enormous power that flows from the exercise of the elective franchise , and yet that it is unsafe to allow a Catholic gentleman to be the high sheriff of a county ? Can you prove that it is safe to entrust a regiment to the care of a Catholic colonel , but that it would be eminently dangerous to commit the command of a brigade to a Catholic general ? The thing can not be—if a man is unfit on account of his religion to be a general , he is unfit to be a colonel ; if he is unlit to be a judge , he ought not to be allowed to acquire influence as a barrister ; if he is unfit to be a member of parliament , or even the sheriff of a county , he ought not to be entrusted with the elective franchise . 821 There is not a question concerning Ireland that comes before us , in which we do not feel the full effect of Catholic influence in this assembly ; or do we imagine that it is not Catholic influence , because it acts through Protestant representatives . But I know not what difference this makes in our favour ; on the contrary , I fully concur in what fell from a noble friend of mine ( lord Castlereagh ) on a late occasion , who seemed to think that from the necessity of the situation of these hon . gentlemen , they are compelled to follow Catholic impulse with more devoted zeal than even one of that persuasion would , who might always be enabled to moderate , frequently to lead , where the others are under the necessity of following , in order to prove their sincerity to their constituents . It is scarcely too much to say , that the Irish Catholics have all the power in this House that they ever can have , but that you rather choose they should enjoy it under circumstances naturally irritating to their feelings , and therefore less advantageous to the public peace , harmony , and union . We are often told , Sir , that to nine-tenths of their population , the admission of the Irish Catholics to a full participation to the rights of British citizens , would be of no manner of consequence ; and that in point of fact , they have no feeling upon the subject . To dwell long on such an argument as this , would be to waste the time , and abuse the indulgence of the House . I am at a loss to conceive by what infatuation it is , that gentlemen argue in a way so inconsistent with their knowledge of the first principles of human nature , so at variance with what their own experience must have taught them in their communication with the lower classes in this country . We are told that the Irish are a warm people , not slow in comprehension , and sensibly alive to feelings of national honour . Are such a people incapable of understanding that it is an insult to their faith to exclude all persons professing it from honours and from power , because on account of that faith they are deemed wholly unworthy of trust