that I would willingly lend my aid to any measure , which could , in my conception , even remotely affect the security of the Church Establishment . True it is , Sir , that upon former occasions , when applications similar to the present were made to parliament , I felt myself bound , under my conception of all existing circumstances , to resist them ; but at no time was my opposition to the Catholics inveterate , or my resistance to their claims unqualified . But , perhaps , I too hastily concluded on the former occasions that the terms of security to be required , should have come from the Catholics themselves in the first instance . On maturer deliberation , however , I was convinced , that that was not likely to be the case ; and that the united Parliament ought not to legislate , as it were under the shackles of any agreement with any set of men . It was for the wisdom of that parliament and them alone , to say what were the securities necessary . Is it possible Sir , for any man to look dispassionately at the state in which Ireland has been , for some years back , and seriously to think it for the benefit of the empire , that she should be allowed to remain still in the same situation ? My anxious wish is to put an end to that state as speedily as possible , and I know no other way of doing so than by giving this question a more extended consideration than it has ever yet received ; and this , as I think , can only be done by going into the committee ; for by so doing one obvious advantage must result ; namely , that of ascertaining in the first instance , whether 933 those claims can be conceded , consistently with the principles of the constitution ? Whether they can or not , is not what I am now disposed to admit or to deny ; but I can not help thinking , that such a proceeding is due to the importance of the question itself . I think it is due to the feelings of so great a portion of the British empire , at least not to refuse to discuss whether or not it can be done with safety . That of course must depend upon the efficacy of those measures intended to provide against all danger : and how can the House judge of those before they have presented them in an authentic parliamentary way ; and how can that be done so as to enable you to judge of their efficacy or inefficacy , without going into the committee ? I would sacrifice much to give Ireland that tranquillity so essential to the welfare of the empire ; but in doing so , I would not give up one tittle that could have the most distant tendency to affect the security , permanency and integrity of the Protestant Establishment in Ireland . I trust . Sir , that I have said enough to convince the House that I am strongly disposed as ever to look with a jealous eye to the security of the Church Establishment ; but here , Sir , I can not help completely differing from the right hon . and learned Doctor , who spoke second in this debate last night ( Dr. Duigenan ) , for I feel myself bound , on the contrary , to state that within these few years , and particularly within the last one , this question has received a most powerful recommendation to the attention of parliament , in the support it has acquired from a very great portion of the Protestants of Ireland , many of them of the first rank and respectability in the country ; and if any gentleman acquainted with Dublin will take the trouble of examining the signatures to the Petition on the table , he will be convinced that I am well founded in this statement . I myself never saw that Petition until it was presented