. I am sorry to find this difference of opinion among early political friends . Sir , he has arraigned my honourable friend for making this motion , a motion which the right hon . gentleman opposite has declared , and certainly his manner corresponded with his declaration , he felt sincere satisfaction at seeing brought forward.—The appointment of colonel Taylor has been quoted in defence of the appointment of colonel M'Mahon , and unquestionably it is true that the former appointment was highly 355 objectionable . But if a feeling of tenderness was indulged on that occasion , if a forbearance arising out of peculiar circumstances was then acquiesced in , I certainly should not have expected that my hon . friend , who sympathized in that tenderness , and was present at that acquiescence , would now endeavour to derive thence any precedent hostile to the motion of my hon . friend . The time has , however , arrived , when all former predilections are to cease to be indulged , though I am yet glad to find that he who was a strong friend , is not likely to prove a formidable enemy . Like the noble lord who appeared to me always to speak best when most distantly removed from the Treasury bench , I think I never heard my hon . friend reason so weakly as on the present occasion . He has confounded the identity of the cases of col. Taylor and col. M'Mahon . Does he forget that colonel Taylor was not a member of the privy council ? That he was not a member of parliament ? [ Mr. Stephen cried Hear ! ] The hon . and learned gentleman is pleased to cheer me , has he any doubts ? for if he has , I beg to refer him to the Almanack . Col. Taylor was likewise , if I mistake not , paid out of the King 's privy purse , but certainly was introduced to this situation solely on account of his Majesty 's age and bodily infirmities . We have been told of the necessity of furnishing the crown with requisite assistance , is it meant by this , I ask , to insinuate that col. M'Mahon is necessary to enable the reigning prince to discharge the functions of the monarchy ? Something like a contrast has been drawn by the noble lord opposite . I am sure that the King would have been affronted had he been told that he wanted assistance . Is Col. M'Mahon to read to his Royal Highness all the papers that are submitted to his perusal ? Other duties , however , have been named by a right hon . gentleman , the Secretary of the Home Department , who in coming to the rescue of his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , reminded me of the noble lord 's ludicrous image of col. M'Mahon digging up the Prince from a file of papers.—In what did colonel Taylor 's duties consist , in what but in being the conduit between the King and his ministers ? But we are told by the right hon . gentleman , that colonel M'Mahon may have other avocations , that it may be his duty to select and put forth such papers as ought to be laid before his Royal Highness , for the purpose of being taken into 356 his early consideration ; and consequently to keep back other papers which he may not judge to be of that urgent nature . What is this but to give to colonel M'Mahon a controul over the interests and fortunes of men ? If it be said on the other hand that colonel M'Mahon—a privy counsellor 's , duties are to be confined to the arrangement of bundles of papers , of tying them up in tape , and disposing them in due order , is this a service that deserves the remuneration of 2,000l . per annum ? The whole affair wears the aspect of a place made for colonel M'Mahon ; it has nothing constitutional belonging to it