exalted in effigy . But their popularity is not limited to the narrow bounds of an island ; there are other countries where their measures , and above all , their conduct to the Catholics mast render them preeminently popular . It '' they are beloved here , in France they must be adored . There is no measure more repugnant to I the designs and feelings of Buonaparté than Catholic Emancipation ; no line of conduct more propitious to his projects than that which has been pursued , is pursuing , and , I fear , will be pursued , towards Ireland . What is England without Ireland , and what is Ireland without the Catholics ? It is on the basis of your tyranny Napoleon hopes to build his own . So grateful must oppression of the Catholics be to his mind , that doubtless ( as he has lately permitted some renewal of intercourse ) the next cartel will convey to this country cargoes of seve-china , and blue ribbands ( things in great request , and of equal value at this moment ) blue ribbands of the Legion of Honour for Dr. Duigenan and his ministerial disciples . Such is that well-earned popularity , the result of those extraordinary expeditions , so expensive to ourselves and so useless to our allies ; of those singular enquiries , so exculpatory to the accused and so dissatisfactory to the people ; of those paradoxical victories , so honourable , as we are told , to the British name , and so destructive to the best interests of the British nation : above all , such is the reward of the conduct pursued by ministers towards the Catholics . I have to apologise to the House , who will , I trust , pardon one , not often in the habit of intruding upon their indulgence , for so long attempting to engage their attention . My most decided opinion is , as my vote will be , in favour of the motion . —My lords ; all the considerations which recommend your concurrence with the prayer of this Petition , have been urged with such force and eloquence by the noble lord near me ( marquis Wellesley ) and remain so completely unanswered , that I should feel myself without excuse if I now trespassed on your time with any detailed exposition of the subject . I could only repeat in less impressive language the same arguments . Still , some objections have been advanced on the other side which I should not be satisfied with leaving unnoticed . When the noble secretary ( the earl of Liverpool ) rose , my curiosity was strongly excited as 654 to what kind of answer he would endeavour to apply to a statement so clear , and so apparently irrefragable , that any impeachment of it seemed almost impossible . I need not say how much I was disappointed . The noble earl resorted to the policy , perhaps it was his wisest procedure , of not encountering the arguments at all . Passing aloof from all the powerful pleas which constitute the essence of the question , he has seized one minor point ; he has distorted it by an arbitrary construction ; and he has thence run into a deduction which is necessarily tainted with all the fallacy of the original incorrect assumptions . He has said that the Roman Catholics desire to be admitted to qualification without taking the oath of supremacy , because that supremacy refers to matters spiritual ; whereas the relieving the Catholics from the necessity of that engagement , would in truth , involve in that emancipation from pledge , matter '' purely temporal . If that difficulty can exist , with whom is the fault ? The Catholics have , over and over again , pointed out the discrimination which strikes them as definable between the spiritual and the temporal points to which the term supremacy may be supposed to apply . They have professed their readiness to come under any obligation as to the temporal concerns . If the distinction be