Duigenan , LL . D. '' I can not , indeed , for a moment suppose the learned civilian to have been the actual author after all the doctrines diametrically opposite which I have so often and so steadily heard him deliver in this House , in truth no farther back than last night . But to return to his ingenious namesake , the éléve of the noble lord and the Castle , he thus addresses the Irish Catholics— '' Were you one people , the preponderance of Protestant interest would be so great in the United Empire , that the distinctions between Protestant and Catholic might safely be removed , all rivalship would cease , and it would be no 907 longer necessary to disable the Romanists by any laws whatever . '' Thus far the other doctor Duigenan , the doctor of 1800 , with whom I have the happiness and honour of an entire concurrence in opinion , in proportion as I widely differ from the other luminary of that name , the right honourable civilian of 1812 . Well , sir , on the faith of such hopes , so held out , the Romanists did concur , and the Union was carried . As if these promises were in-sufficient , other pledges were given by lord Cornwallis , a man never to be named either upon matters of Irish interests , or in relation to our vast dominions in the East , without the deepest respect—a name dear to every Irishman as synonymous with conciliation and justice . He told the Catholics that the ground on which Mr. Pitt and his colleagues had retired from power , was their inability to carry forward the question as a government measure ; and that feeling themselves unable to redeem their pledges , they had not only relinquished office , but were resolved never to resume it , without obtaining this power of redemption . Mr. Pitt did return to office without that power . Now began that series of Petitions which year after year have been presented to parliament , in a number and variety rapidly increasing , and in each succeeding year , I feel joy and glory in thinking , with augmented and augmenting success . Sir , various obstacles , real or pretended , have stood in the way of their complete triumph , both in the councils of the sovereign , and in the great council of the nation . Among others , the religious scruples of the monarch were held out ostentatiously , as an insurmountable barrier , and they were met by a corresponding delicacy on the part of this House . But though I for one have thought that a more unconstitutional view could not be taken of any subject , though I would at any time sooner have cut off my right hand , than be a party to the surrender of the free exercise of our duties , as a branch of the legislature , to a waiver of our own opinions upon a great national question because another branch , because in plain English the King held certain feelings upon it ; though I should be found the very last to relinquish ray own opinion , and betray my trust , for such vile considerations as this , yet I did feel prone under existing circumstances to make some little allowance for the feelings of tenderness with which some mea seemed disposed to treat 908 real and conscientious scruples of the sovereign . But of these let us hear no more ; their time is past and gone . Whatever it may be , this is not the æra of religious niceties and tender consciences : all those things have vanished ; or if they exist , they are confined to the sick imagination of the monarch , and afford no longer any pretence for the mockery of reason , the affected delicacy of feeling which some men have found convenient for other purposes , to interfere between Ireland and her rights ; and to use as a covering for their own apostacy from their earlier principles