effect from the demise of his Majesty ; and his Royal Highness being desirous , in the present situation of the royal family , to be empowered to provide for the establishment of their royal highnesses the Princesses , by an immediate grant , re-commends to the House of Commons , to take the subject into their consideration , and to enable his Royal Highness to make such provision for their royal high-nesses the Princesses , as in the liberality of parliament may be thought suitable to the actual situation of the Princesses , and to the circumstances of the present time . `` G. P. R. '' moved an instruction to the Committee , that provision should be made , that persons convicted of felony , without benefit of clergy , should be kept to hard labour . rose , in consequence of in-formation he had received , that it was in-tended to oppose the principle of the Bill . He entered into a minute examination of the plan of Mr. Bentham , which , he contended , was wholly inadequate to the object ; and he drew a comparison between it and the scheme he had the honour of proposing to the House this session . He dwelt particularly on the benefits likely to result from the management being placed in the hands of a committee , instead of an individual controulable only by the court of King's-bench . lamented that the subject should be discussed in so thin a House . One of his principal objections to the plan now suggested had been removed , namely , that the institution was calculated to receive so few offenders . Still , however , the objects to which it was to apply were too much restricted , as criminals convicted in London and Middlesex were only to be 102 received . He admitted that the management being left to a committee was preferable , but still the public ought to possess a full right of inspection and controul . He would not now enter fully into Mr. Bentham 's plan , but it was to be remembered , that lightly as it had been spoken of , it had on mature deliberation been approved of by Mr. Pitt and by lord Melville . He had only recommended the plan of Mr. Bentham to the consideration of the House on account of the advantages it had over other plans of a similar nature , on account of its superior economy , and the prospect it held out of furnishing the convicts with employment when the term of their imprisonment expired . In support of the utility of prisons being subjected to public inspection , he referred to a recent work of Mr. Neild 's , which disclosed practices on the part of gaolers and others , that could not take place if the public eye had been upon them ; for he believed in every case , that there were no inspectors or guardians so good as the public themselves . With regard to the erection of Penitentiary Houses , he believed he might advert to the warm and zealous support with which such a plan had been maintained by Mr. Pitt and Mr. Dundas ; at least if he was wrong , he saw a right hon . gentleman in his place who could set him right . He wished that the Bill might not be committed that evening , on account of the thinness of the House , and that members might have an opportunity of fully possessing themselves of its object ; and he should therefore move as an amendment , that the House should go into a Committee upon it on Wednesday the 15th of April . observed , in reply to the reference of his hon . and learned friend , that certainly no person was more anxious than Mr. Pitt , that some plan similar to that now proposed , should be adopted . Mr. Dundas was also of the same opinion , but he was not prepared to say that they were particularly attached to Mr. Bentham 's plan , ( which though