grant might be charged on that part of the consolidated fund , which was constituted by the hereditary revenue . explained the manner in which the hereditary revenue was merged in the consolidated fund , and which rendered it impossible to make a charge on any distinct part of it . merely wanted the grant to be charged on the hereditary revenue , so that on the demise of the crown , parliament would be enabled to ascertain what were the exact sums with which the revenue was burdened . repeated the observations of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The hereditary revenue of the crown was by no means so large as gentlemen opposite seemed to think . said , that it was 1,400,000l . per annum . discovered the right hon . gentleman 's 448 mistake . He had confounded the hereditary revenue of the crown with the temporary revenue which had been settled on all the sovereigns of the country from the time of queen Anne , at the period of their accession . The hereditary revenue did not at present exceed 350,000l . a year . opposed the Bill . He solemnly declared that from his soul he pitied the right hon . gentleman , when he reflected upon the feelings he must have experienced before he could have made up his mind to come down at such a time with such a proposition to the House . was suprised that now , for the first time , the hon . gentleman should have found an opportunity of giving vent to his feelings , upon so late a stage as the third reading of the Bill . begged pardon for interrupting the right hon . gentleman , but he had fallen into a slight mistake . Instead of this being the first time that he ( Mr. Smith ) had spoken against the Bill , it so happened that it was only the fourth ! bad no hesitation in acknowledging the error he had fallen into , in supposing that the speech he had just heard was the first made by the hon . gentleman ; but however mistaken he might be as to him , he believed he was accurate in saying that many gentlemen at that end of the House , who had been that night so vehement against the Bill , particularly one honourable gentleman then in his eye , had not spoken against the Bill in any of its former stages . begged pardon of the right hon . gentleman , but if he was the person alluded to , it was another slight mistake , for he had resisted the Bill in every stage . contended , that there had been objections thrown out in the debate of that night , which they had never before heard of . He thought the claims of the Princesses irresistible , whether in reference to themselves personally , or as the daughters of their afflicted and venerable monarch—He did not court that sort of popularity to which certain gentlemen laid exclusive claim ; he was persuaded however that the measure was a popular one . As to the Princess of Wales , she already had an independent provision , which the Princesses had not . He hoped that his right hon . friend would continue true to the confidence reposed in him , and not be tempted by any threats or attacks to 449 deviate from that proper and respectful silence which he had hitherto maintained upon the subject . ( Hear ! hear ! from the Opposition side of the House . ) He was not afraid to repeat what he had said . As to the drawing-room , it was the Queen 's right to hold one , if she pleased . It had been stated as extraordinary , that her Majesty was about to hold a drawing-room . He did not know what view the hon . gentleman entertained of the case , but his Majesty , notwithstanding his unfortunate affliction , was still King ; of course her Majesty was still Queen of these realms , and under those circumstances