be conceded to the Catholics ; because he says , every liberty of conscience should be given : and yet , my lords , he `` thinks this matter of the king 's supremacy is of light consideration ; because , he says , the Catholics deny the king 's supremacy only in matters ecclesiastical . But , ray lords , can it be denied on fair grounds , that the Catholic Church undertakes to decide matters , both civil and ecclesiastical ? Any body that knows any thing of the Roman Catholic Church , must know that they do make very important decisions , even on civil points , which are held binding amongst their own community : but which , if they were to attempt in a Protestant community , I think I should impeach some of them ; and yet , my lords , it is proposed , that those men who refuse the established jurisdiction of the Protestant Church , shall be admitted into a parliament which is to regulate that Protestant Church . But this is an anomaly , so totally inconsistent with the established institutions of the land , that I do not see how it ever can be admissible , so long as those men feel that they can not join in any act which is to promote the power and the interest of the Established Church . Now , by the way , it is the very principle 695 of the constitution , as continued and recognized by every act of the state , down to the present hour , that the king should be head of the Church . It is clear from every historical authority , that our ancestors , at the Revolution , so meant that it should be both then and always ; but it is now proposed by the supporters of this motion , that the advisers of his Majesty may be Catholics who deny him that supremacy . My lords , I , for one , disclaim any such sentiments ; and I never will agree to the prayer of any Catholic Petition , having for its object a purpose , in my mind , so directly subversive to the very principles of your constitution . My lords , I should not trouble your lordships on this occasion , if I did not think it my bounden duty emphatically to avow and repeat the sentiments I have so often expressed on this subject . I beg to say again , that in the part I take , I am not actuated by any feeling of intolerance to the religious opinions , or civil rights of any man , or class of men , so far as I think them-consistent with the security of the state : and maintaining that principle , I trust that every man , from the highest to the lowest , will do what he conscientiously thinks will be for the good of the whole people ; and upon this principle it is that I can not agree to the measure now proposed . —My lords ; I have no intention of making , under the plea of explanation , a reply to the learned lord 's speech . ' The temptation no doubt is great , but I will not yield to it . I rise solely to vindicate my own character against his unjust aspersions ; and a few minutes will suffice for this purpose . The learned lord accuses me of inconsistency on this subject . I have formerly , he says , considered some conditions as indispensable from which ' I now advise you to depart . Were the fact true , I should admit it without reluctance . I have never desired the praise of that consistency which adheres to error in spite of conviction . Nor can I exclude from my views of the present question all reference to the increasing pressure of the times , and to the fast accumulating distresses and necessities of the empire . But the charge is wholly groundless . Neither my opinions on this great question , nor therefore my language