that it was well founded . He complained that the expressions which he had used in a recent debate on this subject had been much misrepresented ; and he was convinced in his conscience that there was much less of perjury in the courts of Admiralty under the licence system , than what formerly existed in the neutral system . At that time , enemy 's property was only introduced into this country through the medium of its being falsely sworn to be neutral property : whereas at present , there was no occasion for perjuries of that nature , as it could be introduced by licences . He was firmly persuaded , that if the system now adopted were abandoned , the consequence would be the extinction of the commerce of Great Britain . was surprized that the motion had not been confined to the production of papers , on which the hon . gentleman might , perhaps , have founded some 417 future vole of censure . He admitted that frauds did exist , and thought that it would be fit that an enquiry should be instituted to ascertain their origin : and he deprecated receiving in our courts of Admiralty the testimony of men who were forsworn upon the continent . agreed that the Resolution read from the chair was ill-timed and imprudent , and that , notwithstanding the declared opposition that was to be given , it would have been better simply to have moved for the papers . He felt the full weight of the remark of the hon . gentleman who spoke last , and was convinced that no profit which Great Britain could derive from fraud , could compensate for the injury that would arise from the destruction of the public morals . As to the proceedings of the court of Admiralty , he was not prepared to give any positive opinion , without much previous inquiry , and therefore moved as an amendment , That this House will , on the I st May , resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to take into consideration the state of the trade of this country as carried on by licences . '' Should , however , this suggestion , as he supposed it would , be negatived , he should recommend to his hon . friend to move for the production of the various documents to which he had referred . could not support the amendment , although he thought it not so objectionable as the Resolution , which conveyed a strong censure on the Admiralty Court , in the absence of the right hon . judge ( sir William Scott ) . Mr. Brougham supported the motion . Mr. Marryatt and Sir John Nichol opposed the motion . Mr. Thompson , Mr. Whit-bread , Mr. A. Baring and Sir John Newport supported it . Mr. Herbert replied , and the motion was then negatived without a division . It was then ordered , `` That there be laid before this House , a copy of the Licences whereby permission is granted for importation of goods of the produce or manufacture of France , on the previous exportation of British manufactures or colonial produce to the amount of 5l . per ton in value upon the admeasurement of the exporting vessel . '' Also , A copy of any bond or obligation required of any merchant or others to whom licence has been granted to import goods of the produce or manufacture of France ( upon condition of first exporting to France goods of the manufacture 418 of England or colonial produce , to the value of 5l . per ton , on the admeasurement of the exporting vessel ) to export goods of English manufacture or colonial produce to the full value of the goods imported from France , and of any obligation to warehouse the French goods imported , until the exportation of English goods equivalent . '' said he held in his hand one Petition , and there were lying by his side , other Petitions of an exactly similar nature , signed by between 8,000 and