French spirit , imbued with French principles , entertaining French views , discontented with their own government , and willing to rush upon measures that must be fatal to all that Englishmen hold dear , to the freedom that Englishmen cherish , and the independence , without which they would not care to exist . Such a deed as this imposture , in such a country , and under such a government , was unparalleled in the baseness and profligacy of mankind . In justice to the poor deluded manufacturers , he wished to see these detestable arts abandoned ; and this effort of his indignation was directed to no other purpose . He begged the lurking authors of those misrepresentations to look to the consequences ; to see that they were only paving the way for the ravages of military force , and exposing the nation to a deluging waste of blood.—The hon . and learned gentleman then proceeded to shew , that in the six months subsequent to the issuing of the Orders in Council , the country had reached a pitch of prosperity unknown at any former period of our history , —that our exports were unexampled , amounting to no less than to an excess of 10 millions . After this statement , he would put it to the candour of the hon . gentleman , whether he was fair in the introduction 314 into his speeches of those little episodes on the Orders in Council ; whether his custom of flinging a remark or two on this subject into the context of his casual speeches , was altogether very gracious , when he always declined making any specific motion , —any motion that could be distinctly met by the evidence of facts which were too strong to be broken down . The hon . gentleman was always carping at the Orders in Council , save the first two years when he thought it convenient to be silent on their effects ; and now again he came forward with his views , and prospects , and prophecies ; and it appeared that in his opinion there was no alternative for England but inability to carry on the war or submission . Really , although he was not himself totally devoid of apprehension , he confessed that he derived some consolation from the hon . gentleman 's evil predictions . In fact the hon . gentleman 's prophecy was to him the very best security he could wish for . The reputation of a prophet seemed to be the fame now most in vogue ; and if the ambition of the hon . gentleman was very soaring , he would recommend him to become Editor of Moore 's Almanack , in which work he could have a wide field for the display of his abilities . The prediction of sun-shine in the dog-days , or a fall of snow in December , might fortuitously and felicitously turn out to be realised , and the character of the hon . gentleman might be retrieved . The hon . and learned gentleman then argued , that the present scarcity was not to be attributed to the Orders in Council , contrary to what he understood had been stated by the hon . gentleman . ( Here Mr. Whitbread signified his dissent . ) He was glad to see that the hon . gentleman disavowed , by his gesture , that he had imputed the scarcity to the government , —that was at least one advantage gained by this irregular discussion . As to the asperity of the beginning of the debate , after the display of good humour by the hon . gentleman , he should not repeat the offensive expressions which were applied to his right hon . friend . At the same time he could not help saying , that when his right hon . friend was represented by the hon . gentleman as rising to his station by talent , and ingenuity , and dexterity , and afterwards said to have obtained his place because no one else would take it , there was some little