by government , of persevering in a system which he ( lord E. ) had over and over again reprobated ; particularly when he submitted to their lordships resolutions against the Orders in Council , as not only inconsistent with sound policy , but as manifestly contrary to public law ; and one might as well therefore invite a fish to come out of the channel and to roost with rooks upon an elm tree , as to ask him to 67 support such a system and its authors.—He meant no personal disrespect to the noble lords opposite , or to their other colleagues , as his own conduct had always been the result of his opinions , he was ready to give them equal credit for sincerity ; but good intention was nothing , when the interests of our country were fatally misunderstood . The noble lord said , he deeply lamented the present inauspicious state of things ; bat as there was no unmixed good in human affairs , so neither was there evil unmixed with good , and great advantage might spring out of the present conjuncture . It would furnish an unanswerable , and he hoped a final refutation , of one of the falsest , and most dangerous opinions which could be propagated amongst the lower orders of the people , viz . that these superiors were all alike—all equally corrupt—all looking only to office by the sacrifice of all principle.—Upon the present occasion not one public man had abandoned his pledges to the country , by departing from opinions delivered in parliament , and the public therefore ought to be convinced , that what was too frequently and invidiously stigmatised as party , might be better described as an honourable and useful union of men of great talents , and great fortunes , and influence , esteeming one another in private life , and publicly pledged to their country and each other by similar principles of government.—He was persuaded that a firm phalanx of such men who had acquired public estimation , and who could only hope to preserve it by attending to the interests of the people , was one of the greatest securities of the British constitution . had really hoped that the noble mover would have withdrawn his address immediately upon hearing the speech of the noble and learned lord who had just sat down ; since the House were now told , that to form a broad and united administration was quite impossible at present . Had they not heard from the noble and learned lord , that there was no way of forming an administration which could include the present opposition , except by sweeping away the present administration , and that it was as impossible for him to coalesce with the existing ministry , as for a fish to come out of the channel and live on dry land ? Upon what did the noble lord ground his motion ? —He stated the situation of the country , to be now hopeless—and why ? 68 Because it was reported that in another House , a certain member of the administration wished that the college of Maynooth had never existed . Could any thing be more futile than this statement ? The next ground was the notice which had been given by a right hon . friend of his in another place , of a call of the House , when the Catholic petition was to be presented to the House of Commons.—Was this unprecedented or extraordinary ? —Was it not important that a question of , such acknowledged magnitude should be considered in as full a House as possible ? And as to the discourses of this or that clergyman on the subject of Popery , on which the noble lord laid so much stress , as indicating a wish to raise an outcry on the subject , there was surely nothing novel in that ; as ever since the reformation , the clergy had been in the constant practice of discussing such topics . Then came the state of the press . Was that a reason that