foundering vessel , and call to our aid those characteristic British energies by which the ancestors of those , whom I have now the honour to address , have so often , and so nobly saved the sinking state . Parliament must lay the spirit of evil which is abroad : beware how you neglect the performance of your part of that important duty . Public indignation , justly provoked , and the maddening sense of unheeded grievances and triumphant profligacy , are fearful reformers . But I will not despair of better times . The illustrious mind can not but loath the ignoble and degrading fetters by which it is enchained ; the time can not be distant , when the illusions of the present moment shall have vanished from the sight ; may I not be permitted to anticipate the auspicious consummation of these my sanguine hopes ? See , he has already rallied round him the men , in whom the nation puts its trust ; the counsellors of his own unbiassed choice . See , he has broken the spell , and presents himself to his gratified country , with the olive branch of conciliation in his hand— `` Restitit Eneas , claraque in luce refulsit , Os humerasque Deo similis '' — in all the natural and fair proportions of his own generous and enlightened mind , to heal all our wounds , and to unite all his people . 526 But here , my lords , let me put to the ministers of the Regent , one serious question ; have they ever permitted themselves to call to their calm and deliberate attention , what those circumstances are , of their own country and of other surrounding nations , under which they are still prepared to exclude , from the enjoyment of their constitutional rights , so large a part of the efficient strength of the state ? Have these puny politicians of the present day , and who are incapable of extending their views to the consideration of to-morrow , condescended to measure the true dimensions and magnitude of those dangers , with which we are now encompassed ? When was there ever , at any former period , directed against the existence of any nation , so formidable a mass of gigantic means ? From the gates of the seraglio to the frozen shores of the Baltic , is there one friendly arm uplifted in our defence ? Has not the ruler of France surrounded , as it were with an armed bulwark , the coasts of Europe and her ports , against the adventurous enterprise of British speculation ? For our exclusion , has he not effectually locked the continent up ; and does he not keep the keys in his own hands ? In the peninsula indeed , the brave defenders of their own invaded rights , have admitted us to the illustrious fellowship of fighting by their side , for the display of the best energies of our gallant troops ' , they have given us an extensive field , in the bosom of their own wasted country , and the happy occasion of still continuing to shed additional lustre on the British name , by the brilliant achievements of our distinguished leader , and the bright career of glory which he has run . But is it , let me ask your lordships , the war of rival sects , or the thunders of the Vatican , which have convulsed and shaken to its centre astonished Europe ? No , my lords , it is the sword of as great a conqueror as any , either of ancient or of modern times ; it is the energy of that comprehensive mind , which , in the pursuit of its vast and magnificent projects , can unite all nations , languages , interests and religions . At such a moment as the present , what pledge should be required from British subjects , of their fidelity to the state ? Perpetual hostility to France , the foe to Britain , and to British greatness ; universal amity , and