rather give hundreds of thousands to a Nelson or a Wellington , than a single farthing to a Gaveston or a Despencer . felt great difficulty in opposing a measure purporting to be a measure of œonomy , and the proposer of which professed himself to be treading in the steps of Mr. Burke and Mr. Pitt . He trusted that he should shew that so far from being an economical measure , it would be one of wanton profuseness , that it would tend to encrease the improper influence of the crown , and that it was , as it stood , a measure quite inconsistent with the principles and practice of Mr. Burke or Mr. Pitt . He begged that it might be remembered that in estimating the eco- 1164 nomy of the new system , the House ought not to compare it with that which had hitherto prevailed , and under which there had been various abuses , but with the present system , amended as it was proposed to be by his right hon . friend , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , by which amendment a number of sinecures would be abolished and others regulated , without any such substitution as was proposed by the hon . mover , so that whereas the saving that would accrue from this Bill would be contingent and precarious , whatever saving there would arise from the propositions of the Chancellor of the Exchequer would be positive and certain . But the present Bill was liable to objection in its entire formation ; the offices to be abolished ought to have been divided into five or six classes , upon each of which different principles should operate , as well with respect to the mode of abolishing as the propriety of the abolition . In the first place , there were the offices upon the civil list , the existence of which was recognized when the amount of the civil list was fixed , and when the pensions were limited ; and some even upon the hereditary revenue of the crown ; it was against all parliamentary practice , and against that of Mr. Burke in 1782 , and against the whole tenour of Mr. Pitt 's conduct , without a single exception , to interfere with these offices without the consent of the crown previously signified ; and this principle had during the present parliament been carried so far , that the Speaker had on one occasion declined putting the question upon a motion affecting the King 's hereditary revenue . To the next class the principle of abolition ought certainly to be applied . When that House had granted certain revenues to the crown , for public purposes , giving the crown the power of defraying out of those revenues the charges attending their collection , it was a great abuse , and one to which there was scarcely any limit , to make use of that power in the creation of sinecure places . In looking to the enactments of former times upon this part of the subject , he found a circumstance which might be considered as illustrative of his assertion in regard to the hereditary revenues . An act had passed a few years ago , for rectifying a supposed mistake in the Act of 1798 , for confirming the abolition of certain places in the customs ; the mistake was in the omission of the office of Surveyor of Petty 1165 Customs . Now , Mr. Courtenay had little doubt but that this office was omitted in the act , because those petty customs had been granted by parliament to one of the Edwards and his heirs for ever , and constituted part of the hereditary revenue , to which , upon a demise of the crown , the new king would become entitled . In like manner , the salaries of offices which were paid out of the annual grants of that House , might be fit subjects for abolition or regulation , but not by Bill . If the House thought any such office useless or overpaid , the