officers concerned in this gallant enterprize . There was one circumstance , however , which he must not omit to mention , as it was worthy of particular observation . It happened , that , owing to the indisposition of some other officers , the command of a most important division of the troops , the light division , fell upon a young officer , not above the rank of lieutenant-colonel . This was colonel Barnard , whose conduct had been spoken of with the admiration which it deserved . He was induced by several considerations , to advert to this circumstance . He mentioned it because he had the honour to 1046 know this gallant officer , and was proud that he had had an opportunity of so highly distinguishing himself . But he mentioned it , chiefly with another und more important view , —that of calling their lordships ' attention to the race of young officers , that were rising under the auspices and command of the distinguished leader of the combined armies . Here was a body of officers forming under lord Wellington , which would constitute a shield of strength , such as had , perhaps , never before existed in any other country , or , indeed , in this , on any former occasion . Having said thus much of the gallant exploit for which he called for their lordships ' thanks , and of the merits of those concerned in it , he felt it impossible not to touch on the loss which our army had sustained . On that subject , there could be but one feeling in the House , and in the country at large . But he hoped the friends and relatives of those who so gloriously fell , would derive consolation from the fame of the illustrious dead ; from the reflection that they had performed the most eminent service to their country , and that if they had fallen , they fell not in vain . They had died in a glorious cause , under a commander , who was regarded by the army with the most enthusiastic admiration , and in the discharge of a duly the most essential for promoting the farther success of the war . In looking at this part of the subject as a parliament and a nation , they must have observed , that there was no point of lord Wellington 's conduct more remarkable than his anxiety on all occasions to spare the lives of the men under his command as much as possible . He had had an opportunity of knowing more fully than most others , that it was the ruling principle of his conduct , never to endeavour to gain by a battle that which he could gain without it . This was a proper principle on all occasions , and under all circumstances ; but more particularly with regard to this country . Their lordships had seen how perseveringly lord Wellington had acted on this principle in the operations at Torres vedras , His language , then , was this— '' I have an opportunity of attacking the enemy with a full confidence of success ; but I think I can accomplish my purpose without it , and therefore I shall not expose the lives of my men to unnecessary hazard . '' On other occasions lord Wellington had acted on the same principle . The attainment of the present object had been , 1047 indeed , attended with great loss to the British army ; but it ought to be recollected , that nothing was more to be avoided than a protracted operation ; and even with a view to the preservation of the lives of the soldiers , as well as to the ultimate success of the war , the attack upon Badajoz ought to be considered as a most judicious enterprize . The loss ought to be compared with the magnitude of the object ; and in this view it would be found to be less in the present instance , than in many operations at the most distinguished period of our