from the accounts already ordered . He was far from wishing to withhold any information really useful or necessary : the real question to be considered was , whether the evil complained of was progressively increasing or not , and that would fully appear by the accounts just ordered . contended , that the specification called for by his noble friend , was necessary to elucidate that part of a very important subject . The noble Secretary seemed to have forgot , that before 1797 , notes of 1l . and 2l . were unknown in the country . The forgeries were said to be chiefly for those low sums , and it was proper they should know how far the evil arose from that system which the expected Bill went to enforce and to continue . hoped their lordships would permit him to say a few words respecting the opinions just declared upon a very important subject . He believed it to be fact , that the greater proportion of the value of the forgeries had been in the small notes . He did not approve of the motion as then worded ; it was liable to an objection urged by the noble Secretary , as to its tending to mislead . He saw no reason , however , why his noble friend should not call for a specification of all the classes of notes in which forgeries were committed . It was a topic to which he believed he had given ten times the attention given to it by all the members of parliament put together . He had suggested a mode which would go to prevent forgeries at home ; but what was greatly to be feared was the effects of foreign forgery , when these notes should be put on a different footing ; the forgeries would be extensive and systematical . Their lordships recollected the forgeries of the assignats . With regard to the Bill in its progress to that House , the great object with respect to it , and the subject of which it formed a part , was that the holder of the note should receive the value it was worth . Every thing that could , should be done to prevent forgery and its consequences ; and also to render the person who held a note , certain that he would receive that which was its value . In that 324 view , the fullest information should be afforded . One great means which led to the facility of forgery was the wretched style of executing notes ; and it had been said to him , jocosely no doubt , that they ought not to hang those who forged , but the Bank directors for making the notes so liable to be forged . amended his motion , in the way suggested by his noble friend ; and the question being put thereon , their lordships divided . moved , that there be laid before the House a statement of the period at which the directors of the Bank of England gave up indemnifying the holders of forged notes.—On this pro-position some conversation took place . expressed his surprise that ministers seemed unwilling to acquiesce in propositions of the kind , until they had consulted the Bank directors . The motion he thought necessary , and adverted to the period , as long subsequent to the restriction on the Bank . He noticed the circumstance of a forged note he had brought some years after that period , and which he had communicated to the Bank as connected with a system of forgery , said to be then going on . He was offered indemnification . But he could not avoid observing , that it was to the disgrace of the country that the example was set , not by individuals , but by the government itself , and it was to the shame of the country that the practice should be approved in the tribunals , on the ground of its being against the enemy of the country . said , that with re-respect to any specific proceeding of the