state of the country , of Ireland and Great Britain—looking at the principles that the Catholics urge in favour of their own objects—considering that they have thought it expedient to put their claims upon no other footing , than that which their experience should have taught them , would not be acceded to ; namely , a reluctance to give those securities they are called upon to give against the danger of concession ; I do say , that although the crown is entitled to adopt its own sentiments , yet as far as I can exercise an opinion , I think that his Royal Highness would have exercised a most unsound discretion if he had authorised any of his ministers to accede to the wishes of the Catholics upon the ground they have been urged . I think he would have risked the public tranquillity of the empire , at a period when the exertions of the empire are most necessary to enable it to struggle with the difficulties which surround it . I do not believe a government even so authorised could have carried this question under the impressions that have been made upon the public mind by the imprudent conduct of the Catholics themselves ; and I say that the agitation of this question now would have risked , more than any other step , the interests of the Catholics themselves ; for , I never can believe that the Catholics can derive any advantage from these concessions , unless they unite with them , by their 1006 own conduct , the affection and interest of the people of England , which they know they can not do , unless they come into the constitution upon other principles of religion , than those upon which their claims were heretofore supported : —and in that view of the subject I do again say , it is as little for their interest , as for the interest of the Protestants of Great Britain , that their claims upon parliament should now be agitated . I do therefore apprehend that the attempt to carry the question by this mode of proceeding , and that too at a period , and under circumstances so embarrassing to the government of the country , comes under that class of conduct , which no person of sense in the country can contemplate without sensations of surprise and regret . And I do think it is as injurious to the character and feelings as it is unconstitutional , in respect of the dignity and rank of the illustrious individual alluded to , to bring forward this allegation in such a manner , that it can not be met and refuted , and at a time , and in a situation when that illustrious personage can not have any opportunity of stating the circumstances under which those opinions imputed to him were formed and delivered . Now Sir , with respect to the question immediately before the House , I do not think it is a fair mode of bringing forward the Catholic claims ; and I perfectly agree with my right hon . friend , that it is calling upon the House to give a blind vote—to deceive the Catholics and to commit themselves . The hon . gentleman says , that the rules of the House prescribe that no question of this important nature shall be enquired into , but in a Committee of the whole House . It is very true that no measure of this importance can be otherwise dealt with ; but I say , the House is not to go into a committee without knowing before hand to what its enquiries are to be directed . In a question of this magnitude , which involves the most vital principles of the constitution , it is fit that we should not be left in the dark with respect to gentlemen 's intentions . We are called upon to go into a committee , not to consider of any measure propounded to us , but to go into a committee to enquire and examine into—what ? Nothing that I can yet understand