from the ministerial bench ] —Then if not so , there could be no charge against him . Of captain Tomlinson he knew nothing personally ; he knew only that he was acquitted from the prosecution brought against him : he was assured by a gentleman in his parish , for whom he had the highest esteem , that be had observed captain Tomlinson in various relations , both as a private individual and a magistrate , and that such a charge could not be brought forward with the slightest shadow of foundation . What were they to think of such a prosecution , when they were told that it was scouted by the court , who would not even allow evidence to be brought forward against it . It could not be denied , that an allegation of fraud had been made against captain Tomlinson , and it could not be denied that the Secretary of the Admiralty had detailed , what he conceived to be irrefragable evidence , to prove that he had committed that fraud . What , then , was the demand of captain Tomlinson ? That as a charge had been brought against him in an open court , where he had no opportunity of bringing forward evidence , and afterwards twice in that House , such papers might be produced as would enable him to go into the whole of the case . Capt . Tomlinson must have lost his memory , and lost his judgment , if he wished for the production of papers which would not produce an effect such as he alleged they would produce . It was very hard such a charge should be allowed to attach to a gentleman who held so high a situation in the navy [ No , from the ministerial bench ] . Then if he held at pre- 180 sent no situation , it was very hard surely , that a charge which could not be proved against him , and which he was willing to go into so minutely , should be the means of preventing him from being employed by his country . observed , that , as the supporters of the motion had entirely exculpated the Navy Board from all blame , they had taken the ground from under the hon . mover . He justified the Secretary of the Admiralty from the hard measure which had been dealt out to him , and thought it was impossible for him to have taken any other course than he had done to refute the imputations thrown out against the Board he was defending . observed , that the hon . Secretary of the Admiralty had brought forward much new matter without the smallest evidence . But taking all that had been alledged , what was there in it ? Because captain Tomlinson was in partnership , and because Tanner had committed forgery , were they entitled to proceed against captain Tomlinson without any evidence Should that justify a prosecution against a captain of the British navy ? After they had failed in the warrant , upon the very same evidence they went before a grand jury . This shewed a singular zeal in prosecution . With all deference to the gentlemen who presided at the Navy Board , he could not but think that as a board they had been negligent of their duty.—The hon . gentleman then went into several particulars of the case of captain Tomlin son , and argued that there was not the smallest ground to doubt , from any thing that had yet been said or produced , the statement of captain Tomlinson . Was it not necessary , therefore , that the matter should be enquired into ? He thought there was something like a persecuting spirit displayed in this business , if not by the Navy Board , at least by those whom they employed . The business was first brought before Mr. Nares , then before Mr. Graham , than whom no man stood higher in the estimation of the public , as an upright and intelligent magistrate , and both Mr. Nares and