those supplies were progressively increasing . With respect to the county of Cork , a part of Ireland where the greatest apprehensions were entertained , it appeared from a report most admirably drawn up , that those apprehensions are unfounded . The right hon . gentleman had stated in the county of Clare potatoes had risen above the average price , it was true that the price of potatoes had risen , but he could state upon the most indisputable information , that there was not the smallest ground for apprehending a scarcity either of grain or of potatoes in that county . Mr . Pole then read a letter from Mr. Hamilton , agent to the duke of Leinster , a gentleman of the greatest respectability , and whose means of obtaining information were most extensive . He was not , he confessed , authorised to make use of that gentleman 's name , but he had too high an opinion of his character to suppose that he would put his name to any statement which he would be unwilling to avow . That gentleman stated , that in the county of Kildare ( which the right hon . gentleman represented to be in a state of famine ) there were plenty of potatoes , that grain was dear , but that oats had on the last market day fallen seven shillings a barrel . Mr . Pole then read a letter from Limerick , dated the 14th November , which stated , that there were abundance of potatoes , and that orders had been received and were about to be executed for several thousand barrels of oats for Scotland , Spain , and Portugal , and yet Limerick was one of the 712 counties in which the right hon . gentleman said there was a scarcity . In the King 's County there were great quantities of wheat and oats . He should like to ask his honourable colleague ( Mr. Parnell ) whether he agreed with the right hon . gentleman respecting the scarcity which he stated to exist in the King 's County ; he was sure he could not . In Kilkenny , oats had fallen at the three last market days ; and a committee which had been appointed to examine into the state of provisions in that county , had reported that there was no ground for apprehending a scarcity . In addition to all this , he begged to state , that he had received a letter from one of the governors of that most extensive and excellent charity , the House of Industry in Dublin . The consumption of provisions in the House of Industry might naturally be supposed to be very great , when it was known , that upon an average 3,000 persons were daily fed in it . The gentleman to whom he alluded had lately been upon a tour into different parts of Ireland with a view of purchasing provisions for the use of the charity of which he was a governor ; and it was his decided opinion , founded upon observations which he had carefully made during the course of that tour , that there was no real ground for apprehending that there was an actual scarcity of provisions in Ireland . The fact was , that the crops in Ireland were far from being deficient , and if her export trade had not encreased to such an extent , there would not have existed the smallest alarm about scarcity ; nor would it have been necessary to stop the distilleries . He appealed to the House , whether with all this various mass of information before them , the Irish government would not have been culpable , if it had upon the first appearance of a great increase in the price of grain , immediately had recourse to the strong measure of stopping the distilleries , and thereby injuring both the trade and the revenue of the country , without taking pains to ascertain whether there were or were not real grounds for alarm . The Irish government would have very ill discharged its