, for the security of the constitution , our ancestors have provided . Here , then , in my apprehension , is the danger which the gentlemen at the opposite side call upon us to shew as attendant upon the measure of Catholic Emancipation at the present moment . then , in my opinion , lies upon those who want the alteration , to prove , that the alteration might take place without danger . That there is some danger , even the avowed supporters of the measure are ready to allow ; and , what is rather extraordinary , those very apprehensions come from a quarter that one would have least expected . However , coming from the quarter they do , they come with the greatest weight and authority ; and the more so as they are espoused by all those who support the question . The opinions to which I allude , are 965 contained in the Letter of lord Grenville published two years ago ; and what those opinions are , we all know : for he has published them to the whole world . In that work , the noble lord has specifically stated , there should be some arrangements and securities provided for the constitution before the Roman Catholics could be admitted into the possession of power . This is his pledged opinion to the world , we all know ; and we also know that there were many sound advocates of the Roman Catholics , who at that time felt it to be an object of great importance , that that security should be given on the part of those claimants , I do not mean to say , that the noble lord has altered his opinion ; for , from all that I can collect , he still maintains the same conditions and the same terms , to make it safe to grant these concessions . And yet . Sir , these are the same persons who call upon us to tell them where the danger lies ? Do they not themselves , in admitting the necessity of securities , admit the existence of dangers ? When they tell us that it is necessary to require terms , is it not a manifest estimation that there is danger , unless we secure our society by adequate conditions and terms ? The right hon . gentleman who has favoured us with his sentiments upon this subject , has told us what his principles are upon this question , in that short , spirited , and eloquent manner which the House could not but admire . He has declared his approval of this proposition upon these principles—that there should be a total absence of foreign influence , and that then there should be no political restraint . Now , Sir , the most remarkable disqualification under which the Roman Catholic is alleged to labour , consists in this very foreign influence : and upon that point the whole question turns . But the right hon . gentleman seems to have contented himself in answering this proposition , by telling us `` that in the circumstances of the Pope being now in the possession of the French emperor , there was no great danger from foreign influence . '' Now , Sir , I think quite the contrary : and I think if the case was put on the reasonable supposition , that France through the medium of her vassal , the Pope , would have the appointment of all priests in the Catholic Church , there would be very strong reason to anticipate danger from such a state of things ; because we are not to forget , that although the present Pope 966 may have resisted the influence of France '' we are not to be equally easy with respect to the integrity of his successor ; and , certainly , I , for one , would most strongly contend against the proposition for suffering the Roman Catholics of Ireland to receive their opinions and instructions from a priesthood so appointed . Are we , then , to apprehend no danger from this