I am inconsistent , in refusing to the Catholics those claims upon the principles on which they now demand them . It is my conscientious opi- 1010 nion that concession to the Catholics would be a measure of great advantage to the empire , if it can be connected with proper securities to the established Church ; and if guarded with that degree of restriction that may meet with concurrence on the part of the Protestants , so as to render conciliation and harmony amongst all parties a primary object . My opinion never went the length of stating that this measure should be forced by parliament on the empire ; and I know that Mr. Pitt 's opinion was , that it never should be forced upon the country : but considering it as an advisable and advantageous measure under proper regulations , he did profess himself ready and willing to give it his support . Under these circumstances , without detaining the House at any greater length , I think I am not chargeable with any inconsistency in giving the vote I give this night against the agitation of this question ; and I have no hesitation in asserting that I give the same vote that I have always given on the Catholic question upon the same principle . These are the sentiments I have always stated , whether in or out of parliament , upon this important subject : and I wish that the hon . gentlemen on the other side of the House could justly lay claim to the same consistency on all occasions , in their votes , and it is not too much to say that on occasions of this kind , gentlemen 's own convenience is consulted in preference to that of the welfare and happiness of the country : I repeat again . Sir , that I shall vote against this motion . Sir ; I do not mean to detain the Home long , but in consequence of something which fell from the noble lord , it is necessary I should for a few moments request your indulgence . The noble lord has said that it has been most unfairly and unconstitutionally urged in support of this question , that promises were held out to the : Roman Catholics on the authority of a person of the highest consideration in this country , at a former period , and that the promulgation of such promises to the Catholics of Ireland was owing to the rash indiscretion and improper conduct of those to whom such a favourable disposition was communicated . How does he know ? Was he consulted ? Was any communication made to him ? I tell the noble lord that assertion is false . I tell him and the House that the 1011 communication was made in obedience to commands from that high quarter to those who made it.—I say this in the face of England . I tell the noble lord again that wherever he has received his information it is without truth . The noble lord was unconsulted and unacquainted with the facts . I say that the noble duke lately at the head of the Irish government , as well as myself , did receive commands—not merely permission—but the actual commands from the illustrious personage alluded to , to make the communication , that such were the intentions of that great personage in respect to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , and that he would never forsake their interests . I do not presune to accuse that great personage of any inconsistency or impropriety if he chuses to change his opinion or make choice of his ministers as he has done . But I never will sit silent and hear uncontradicted the assertion , that it was owing to the indiscretion of those who made that communication that it was made to the Catholics . I have spoken so often upon this subject , and my sentiments upon it are so well known , that I feel it quite unnecessary at this late hour , to trouble the House with repealing them : but I was