meriting and receiving their confidence , the empire was perfectly competent to avert every danger which threatened it ; and that the energies and resources of this island were equal , not only to its own necessities , but to continue the assistance at present imparted to its allies—and even , if it were found expedient , to extend it still farther . But , he was no less certain , that , without such an union among the people , without such a confidence in the government , no results , beneficial to the interests of the empire could be expected . It was under those 39 circumstances , which he had just described , that , according to an authentic , though not official document , * it appeared , said , he had heard the speech and motion of the noble lord with great regret , and he hoped and trusted their lordships would pause before they entertained the question , for , notwithstanding the caution and perfect forbearance exercised by the noble lord , this motion did impute some blame to an illustrious personage at the head of the executive government . There was something peculiar in the whole proceeding . He believed it was the general usage of that 52 House to have some distinct knowledge of the subject which was introduced before them as the ground of a specific motion , some distinct document on which to discuss it , and , under this impression , he would be of opinion , that their lordships would be justified in giving a decided negative to the motion just submitted to them , if he did not think that it would be more respectful to his Royal Highness and to the noble lord to meet it by the constitution of an amendment . He repeated , that it appeared to him , that some degree of blame was imputed to the Prince Regent for the manner in which he had conducted himself , and the line of con duct which he had adopted——— rose to order.—He had heard the commencement of the noble viscount 's speech with great pain , and must interrupt him . It was highly irregular in any noble lord to make any personal allusion to the personage at the head of the executive government of the country . Such a line of argument was perfectly disorderly , and he had even felt great pain in listening to the speech of the noble lord who had spoken first in the debate , although he had not interrupted him , because that noble lord had not mingled the subject with the matter of his speech after the commencement . But here was an allegation , that direct blame was attributed to the head of the government . He had never heard a grosser infringement of order , nor any thing more likely to influence their deliberations . spoke to order . His noble friend had not charged any one with imputing blame to the Prince Regent . He had said , that the motion involved it , —that it was the natural inference , —and he had a right to make the observation to that extent . But what was the motion itself ? Was it not founded upon a private letter ? Was it not calling upon their lordships to debate upon a private paper ? said , that in the few words which he was anxious to address to the House , upon a question in which he was personally deeply interested— asked if the noble earl was speaking to order ? declared that he was speaking to the question of order . No point could stand upon more clear constitutional ground , than that the name of the sovereign should not be used to influence the debate in that House but if it was to 53 be alleged on the other hand that the act of the sovereign could not be questioned : in that House , although acting , as must always be presumed , by the advice of responsible advisers , there was an end of all freedom of