of parliament . It may be known that the member for Dublin , at whose suggestion this Petition was first set on foot , was immediately afterwards obliged to leave Ireland , and it devolved upon me to undertake the task he reluctantly resigned , and to be instrumental in its progress , and I am consequently in possession of circumstances important to be known , previous to the approaching discussion of the Catholic Question . The Petition is from the Protestant proprietors of Ireland , and is perfectly unprecedented not only in amount of property , belonging to individuals , who have annexed their names at any former time to a Petition on this subject , but it is the first instance of any general application on the part of the Protestants of Ireland on behalf of their Catholic fellow-subjects . To establish the importance of the Petition , it is sufficient for me to state what , without an approach to exaggeration , I may confidently assert , that it expresses the sentiments of a decided majority of the Protestant proprietors 482 of Ireland.— [ Hear , hear ! ] —I am desirous of repeating the fact , because if it be thought that I overstate it , I am desirous to be contradicted , that I may resort to the proofs with which I am provided . I repeat , therefore , that the Petition expresses the sense of a decided majority of the Protestant proprietors of Ireland , both landed and commercial . I feel it right further to explain , that this Petition , although most respectably and numerously signed , by no means contains the names of all those Protestants who are favourable to Catholic Emancipation on principle ; and I wish , with the utmost confidence in the fact , to mention the reason why the names of several who are favourable to it on principle , do not appear to this address . A great number of Protestants in Ireland did entertain a notion that it would be proper , in any Petition presented to parliament , to include conditions and securities . A large proportion , therefore , declined affixing their signatures , because it did not comprize the stipulations they required to be inserted . I wish further to state , that many of those whose names are affixed , do not desire Catholic Emancipation unconditionally ; but it appears to all who have signed , that it was not a proper matter to be mentioned in a Petition , but that it ought to be left to the wisdom of parliament ; there are numbers who would willingly have added their signatures , if those conditions had been inserted . Many who expressed themselves decidedly favourable to the object in view , have refused to sign it , on account of the violence of the recent differences between the Irish government and a part of the Catholic body.—I think I have now stated enough to entitle this Petition to the serious consideration of parliament . I have , however , to add , what I am sorry to be obliged to mention , that against the Petition ( conducted in the most moderate manner , intentionally guarded against the slightest imputation of an attempt to agitate the public feelings ) all the influence that could possibly be used by the Irish government has been directed . ( Mr. W. Pole said `` No , no ; '' very audibly across the House . ) The right hon . gentleman says No ; and having so asserted , I feel myself bound to go into proofs of the fact . I say again ; notwithstanding this contradiction , that the influence of government has been most notoriously and indecently directed against the Petition I hold in my band , The office 483 of sheriff , a place of most sacred trust , and of the utmost importance to the due distribution of justice , has been tampered with . Persons who had been promised to be made sheriffs for the ensuing year , have been set aside , because the