honour of addressing you , happens to be minister ; and that the Veto would be conceded had I not been in that situation . Why , Sir , would the bare circumstance of my being the minister , induce Dr. Milner to suffer martyrdom rather than accede to the Veto ? It is absurd , therefore , to maintain that the Catholics of Ireland did not peremptorily refuse this interference of the crown , in the nomination of their bishops . .—Sir ; notwithstanding the lateness of the hour , I feel it impossible to give my vote upon this question without making a few observations on some of the extraordinary arguments which we have heard from our opponents , in resistance to the motion of my right hon . friend ; and therefore I claim the indulgence of the House , promising to trespass upon their attention as briefly as possible . Sir , I hail the approaching triumph of the Catholics of Ireland . The speech which we have just heard from the Chancellor of the Exchequer is most satisfactory for them . He who has hitherto carried the blazing torch of intolerance , seems inclined that at least the flame shall burn more lambently . He , even he , does not despair that the time may come when the Catholics may enjoy `` the consummation '' so devoutly to be wished . '' But , Sir , the right hon . gentleman has charged my right hon . friend , who brought forward the present motion , with having changed his original ground , in moving for a committee to enquire into the state of the laws imposing civil disabilities on the Catholics , 985 instead of coming forward with a direct motion to grant their claims ; and this by way of manœuvre , ad captandum , in order to obtain greater support to the cause of which he is the great advocate . Surely the right hon . gentleman must know , that this is the only mode of proceeding which the forms of the House will allow my right hon . friend to pursue . It is impossible for him to make any proposition involving a change in matters of religion , without moving in the first instance to refer the consideration of the subject to a committee of the whole House . The right hon . gentleman , with all his influence and authority , had he been placed in a situation similar to that of my right hon . friend , must have adopted a similar course . Sir , the right hon . gentleman has said a great deal on the subject of introducing into our debates the name of the sovereign . I am well aware that it is not consistent with parliamentary order to use the King 's name in the debates of this House . I admit the rule to be perfectly constitutional . But , has not the right hon . gentleman himself frequently violated this rule , more especially when the present subject has been under discussion ? Has he not frequently opposed to the claims of the Catholic petitioners the scruples of his Majesty as the principal barrier to all consideration of those claims with any hope of success ? But he now deprecates any such introduction ; and he tells us that to use the name of the Prince Regent , the immediate representative of the king , is equally inadmissible , because it is equally calculated to influence the deliberations of parliament . Sir , it may not be parliamentary to mention the name of the Prince Regent , but surely there can be nothing unparliamentary or improper in referring to the declared opinions of the Prince of Wales . Of the opinions of the Prince Regent , we can certainly know nothing in this House . We can form no judgment of that opinion , except by what we know of the sentiments of those whom his Royal Highness has chosen as his ministers . But who does not know the hopes and expectations that were held out to the