the neglect of more important functions , it would be utterly impossible for him to do without such an officer . The necessity of the appointment , seemed to him to be fully proved , and the question was thus disengaged on two points from the objections raised against it . With regard to the creation of the office of private secretary , it was said , that it had never taken place until his Majesty 's eyes were affected ; but really the House would go on a very unsound principle , if they assumed that every person who should exercise the sovereign authority in this country was likely to be possessed of the extraordinary habits of his Majesty—which were all formed on the model of business—all his hours were devoted to this object , and the whole of his life occupied in it . He always rose uncommonly early , and had acquired such habits of business as could hardly be expected from every sovereign who should come to the throne of this country ; but notwithstanding this extraordinary faculty for business , he did not believe that even his Majesty could have been able , without some assistance of this sort , to go through so much as the sovereign had now to perform . On the whole view then ( particularly on that which related to the responsibility of the office , which he distinctly denied ) there was no ground for the objections taken to it , and he hoped that the House would see that the constitution had not been trenched on ; that the appointment had been rendered necessary by the increase of business ; and if they concurred in these two points , the third would follow , that there existed no necessity for calling for the minutes , with a view to cast any censure on the appointment . For these reasons , and not from any objection to the production of the 342 paper , which was nothing more than a grant of 2,000l . a year as a salary , he felt it his duty to oppose the motion . said , that whatever opinion he entertained of the new appointment which was under the discussion of the House , he felt that with respect to the illustrious personage who had been advised to make it , it was natural for him to feel a wish to reward a tried and faithful servant—for a faithful servant was a faithful friend , and fidelity in attachment was in all classes of life a distinguished virtue , nor was there any quality which tended more to exalt and elevate the character of a prince , than an adherence to those who had displayed towards him a tried and steady attachment . ( Loud cries of Hear from the Opposition benches . ) —But there was a marked distinction between the appointment of colonel Taylor and that of colonel M'Mahon , for in the former instance his Majesty had never called for the assistance of a private secretary until he was obliged to it , by his infirmities , whereas the illustrious personage in question was happily free from any thing of the kind . Colonel Taylor had been literally the hands and eyes of his Majesty ; and to his everlasting honour be it said , that he discharged the duties of his office with such integrity , prudence , and reserve , as to shield himself against the shadow of reproach . If the ministers were incompetent to execute the duties assigned them , he was willing to afford them assistance , and , if necessary , he would consent that a fourth secretary of state should be established , even in a seat in parliament . But such a case of necessity had not yet been made out . If merely the arrangement of papers in boxes was to be the duty of the private secretary , it would not require that he should be a privy counsellor , or that his salary should be 2,000l . a year ; because princes were always surrounded by those who could