. No man is now to be found gifted with the prodigious impudence required to set up again , under the present rule , the same empty shadow which so long misled us . While there was any ground for it , what language used the Irish to hear from the highest quarter ? I speak in the presence of those who listened to the comforting story , and can at once stop me if I mis-state it . What were those words ? `` Repress your just and natural eagerness : wait , only wait for a little while , and your utmost wishes shall be gratified . The relation of father and son at present , and under existing circumstances , makes it impossible for me to move ; but I am your firm friend , and when those obstacles shall be removed , on me you may surely reckon . '' Now , then , these obstacles are all removed . Every scruple , every feeling , inconsistent with the manifestation of this firm friendship , is fled and the Irish Catholic turns his eyes towards that high quarter where so many hopes had been taught to center ; where kindnesses , I can scarcely say mutual kindnesses , but where the remembrances of favours bestowed taught him to look for princely gratitude . Once more to his confusion he hears of obstacles , and feelings , and scruples . Once more he is told of those eternally existing circumstances , and he finds that exist they will until they shall have brought the existence of the empire to a close ! Where then shall the Irish now look ? After a series of delays , and pretences , and impostures , after suffering from every change only new indignities and less bearable disappointments , after a long succession of oppression , ending in still more intolerable slights and insults , promises broken , pledges forfeited , assurances denied , friendships and favours forgotten , enemies and indignities forgiven—after the real `` early friends , '' the fast friends of 1789 , the warm and steady 909 hearts of Ireland have been thrown off , Such friendships as these slighted , such affections contemned , the people of that injured country come—they can only come—to you , and implore of you to re-member the obligations which have been forgotten elsewhere . I say , let them come before you . I say , in God 's name hear them , suffer them to petition ; nay , rejoice that they still do petition , encourage them in persevering ; shew them that you know your duty , though some persons seem actually mad enough to wish they should forget theirs ; prove to them that you know their value , in loyalty as well as in power , and that without being afraid of their numbers , you recollect they are four millions of people . Sir , I am not using the language of threat or intimidation . I bid you fear , not the numbers of the petitioners , but the justice of their cause . I would have you to dread doing injustice , and not the less to dread if , because the victims of it will be a third part of your whole population . I would have you to pause before you lop off such a branch of your empire , before you palsy the right arm of your power ; and on this I will say not a word more , than that the strength of the Catholics well deserves to be considered with respect , by those who would treat their rights with contempt . The learned judge concluded his speech with expressing a hope , in which I do most cordially agree , that the gentlemen on this side of the House may not use this great question as the badge of party , or make it the stepping stone to power . But I must take leave to say , that the sly in . sinuation which he couched under that hope , with the accustomed dexterity