of his eloquence , was to say the least of it superfluous . My honourable friends near me , and my noble friends in another House , can not surely be accused of having so sported with the interests of their country by so dealing with the Catholic claims . Sir , it is their sincere attachment to this question—it is their refusal to abandon it—it is their positive and repealed rejection of all the offers that could be made to seduce them with office away from their principles on this question ; it is their determination not to make the Catholic cause a party badge or a ladder to power ; it is nothing in the world but this that has kept them out of office , and still excludes them from the possession of it . These principles they have held fast through good and bad fortune , and shewn 910 to an approving country , that with feelings of which I verily believe there are some men now in sight who can not form any conception , they could relinquish the actual enjoyment of power , and forfeit all chance of regaining it , rather than betray as others had done before them , and as some were still doing before their eyes , the great cause of Ireland and of the empire . Sir , filled with the same feelings on this momentous subject , I deemed it my duty to offer myself to your notice in support of the vote I am prepared to give . And after the speech of the learned judge , I should not hare merited the approval of my own conscience , if I had given that vote in silence . .—Sir ; Many of the gentlemen who have spoken in this debate , particularly the right hon . gentleman who introduced the question , and the hon . baronet who has entered so much at large into the vindication of the tenets of the Roman Catholics , appear to me to take for granted that there is in the Ro-man Catholic religion some general abstract unvarying character , the same in all times and in all places , and that it is quite sufficient for our purpose to investigate that character , in order to determine whether it is , or is not inconsistent with the exercise of the civil powers of our constitution . This mode of proceeding appears to me fallacious in its principle , and dangerous in its consequence . The eternal sameness of the Roman Catholic religion , whether urged as the boast of its friends , or as the taunt of its opponents , is alike destitute of foundation ; —on the contrary , all history and experience demonstrate that it is susceptible of infinite variety ; that it means not the same thing in almost any two countries at the same time , nor in the same country at diffterent periods of its history ; and , in short , that it is as much as man himself the mere creature of limes and circumstances , laws and institutions.—I speak not of its theoretical tenets , which a decent pride of consistency may naturally preserve from alteration , but of its practical influence on the moral and political conduct of its professors , which I should think may be sufficient for our present purpose.—To this point at least I shall confine my view , and leave their * From the Original Edition , printed for J. Hatchard , Piccadilly . 911 dogmas and their councils to an undisturbed and harmless repose . Considering Catholicism under this li-mitation , I would ask what it practically means at this moment in different parts of Europe ? —The experience of the hon . baronet in its parent country has no doubt convinced him of the melancholy truth , that there it amounts , among the upper ranks to a widely-extended Deism , among the lower to a great debasement of human intellect , and to a very relaxed morality in both . In Catholic France , we find amongst the upper ranks a deism more universal