constitutional mode of proceeding was to withhold the vote of the salary , as had been recently done in the case of the Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions . With respect to the offices belonging to the courts of justice , he ( Mr. C. ) felt incompetent to say much ; but it appeared to him that the consideration involved a variety of details , which were by no means sufficiently provided for by the Bill . And the same observation applied to the offices in the colonies , in touching which , the House might perhaps be legislating for the colonies in a way that might be productive of evil consequences . Much depended upon the nature of the emoluments and the purposes to which they were applied . As far as making effectual the Act of 1782 , relative to patent places in the colonies , which had been notoriously evaded , there could be no objection to the Bill . There were very many other objections to the detail , but he objected to the whole principle upon which the pensions , which were to be substituted for the sinecures , were grounded . Under the Bill , pensions would be given to those who ought not to have them ; and with holden from those upon whom they ought to be conferred . At present , sinecures were often given to persons who held high and efficient offices , but such as were not sufficiently lucrative ; such were the sinecures of lord North , Mr. Pitt , and lord Grenville . The pension under the Bill only attached after a certain number of years service ; if , there fore , you deemed the emoluments of these high offices insufficient , and pensions were not to be given except for previous service , you must permanently increase those emoluments , though the offices would frequently be in the hands of persons whose circumstances rendered the increase unnecessary . He contended that the crown ought to have the power of conferring 1166 pensions to a limited amount on the whole , but upon such persons as for any cause it might think proper to select . The hon . mover admitted that the crown ought to have the power of granting rewards , but said that , under this Bill , rewards could only be given to meritorious persons ; and what was his test of merit ? It was exceedingly difficult to appreciate merit , in persons living , or in persons long dead ; but the hon . gentleman professed to have a test for appreciating all future merit , —and this test was Place . It was only necessary for a man to shew , that he had filled such or such an office for the number of years specified in the Bill , he was a meritorious officer , and entitled to his reward ! Rewards were now given to persons who held offices , in which they might be very useful , but which the hon . gentleman had properly enough left out of his Bill , because it would have been a still more extravagant measure than it now stood , if all such offices had entitled the holders to the pension . Here was another proof of the hopelessness of any attempt which , like the famous plan of finance , or other schemes , professed to apply a fixed principle to that which was in its nature fluctuating and uncertain . But Mr. C. held that the crown ought to have the power of conferring pensions or sinecures even upon persons who had filled no offices at all . There were various kinds of merit , which it was utterly impossible to define . Very useful exertions in that House , such as those of Mr. Burke , ought to be rewarded ; and though his pension was the subject of obloquy at the time , few now doubted the propriety of granting it . The hon . mover himself , if not , fortunately for him , placed in affluence , would be a fit subject