if the House should shew any disposition to provide for her royal highness the Princess Regent , he should feel it his duty to make the communication to the Prince Regent . The House had now heard from a person who was so well qualified to judge , first as counsel employed by her royal highness the Princess of Wales , and then afterwards as the minister of the crown , that the conduct of her Royal Highness was perfectly blameless . It was certainly a very great satisfaction to hear , that no imputation could be cast on the Princess of Wales . This was peculiarly satisfactory , as the right hon . gentleman could not forget that her Royal Highness once stood in his estimation as a person who had been stigmatized for impropriety of conduct , and that he published a Book for the express purpose of establishing her innocence , by the removal of those accusations . The right hon . gentleman would do well not to forget , however , that her Royal Highness still remained un indicated . It appeared to him , that there was nothing improper in taking this subject into consideration at the present time , when every branch of the royal family , but the Princess Regent , was provided for . When the right hon . gentleman made a demand of an establishment for the unfortunate monarch , of so many lords of the bed chamber , and so 145 many grooms of the stole ( and be it remembered , that they could be employed only in giving accounts to his anxious subjects of the state of his Majesty 's health , of which the public could get accounts only once in a month ) —when the House saw large grants made to all the younger sons of his Majesty , and a grant of 9,000l . per annum asked for to each of the Princesses ; he would put it to them if that was an improper time to come forward for the purpose of claiming some provision for a person in that high and exalted situation in which her Royal Highness was placed ? —When the House heard from a person so well acquainted with the subject as the right hon . gentleman , that her Royal Highness was not in anywise blameable , when they heard this from the very man who would have proved to the world in his book that she was innocent , he would again ask if this was an improper time ( o come forward with a proposal to parliament ? It remained to be enquired , whether the funds already provided were or were not sufficient for that purpose . observed , that what he had stated with respect to the Princess of Wales , was , that neither in his situation as counsel to her Royal Highness , nor in any other character , was he conscious that there existed a ground of charge against her . He should always be prepared to make the same statement . was of opinion that the only question now before the House was whether the annuity now proposed was fit to be granted to the Princesses ? He was clearly of opinion it was no more than what was demanded , and of course the resolution had his decided support . agreed , that the only question now for the consideration of the House was , the propriety of the grant now proposed to the Princesses . Whether an additional establishment should be made for the Princess of Wales was not a question before the House . He must deprecate the manner in which the right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Perceval ) had been catechised on this subject.—It was unparliamentary , indelicate , and improper.—With family matters that House had nothing to do , and in at all interfering , gentlemen might widen , instead of healing , any breach which unfortunately at present existed . rose to enter his protest against the doctrine laid down by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , and 146