not . 753 According to the best calculation of the relative numbers of Protestants and Catholics in Ireland , the Roman Catholics bear a proportion to the Protestants , as three to two : that is , the Protestants are two parts out of five ; and they are in possession of the property of the country : and as to the Petitions , there is not one sensible man amongst these Protestants who signed them , except those gentlemen to whom I have alluded . As for the gentlemen on the other side of the House , who have taken up this question , they and their friends , though I admit they are very respectable , have taken it up obviously , to create an influence for themselves in Ireland , I know they are to be ranked amongst the respectable part of the persons who support the Catholic claims , and I know there are several other gentlemen of great respectability in Ireland , who give this question their countenance . I do not pretend to say there are not some gentlemen of considerable property who have signed the Petitions ; but I say , the larger proportion of the Protestants of Ireland are absolutely and decidedly averse to Catholic emancipation . Now , Sir , so much for numbers , which seems to be the strongest argument used on this occasion ; and that is the argument upon which I also depend . Now , Sir , I will take the property and consideration of the country into calculation , and putting them against the lower orders , and let the House see whether they can be properly called the nation . Why , Sir , it is a play upon words to talk of setting them in competition with the Protestants of Ireland . Compared with the Protestants of Ireland , they are nothing . Why , Sir , the Protestants of Ireland are able , without any assistance from this country at any time , to keep them down . In the year 1798 , a rebellion broke out in Ireland , under circumstauces of a very violent nature . The Protestants knew that a rebellion was preparing , but they did not know it was so near its explosion . They ran to arms instantly , however , as soon as they knew of it—they put down that rebellion in one month ; and though lord Cornwallis was sent from hence to put it down , he nor his troops did not arrive till the battle of Vinegar-hill was fought , which completely discomfited and destroyed the rebels , so far as their numbers were thought considerable . There were 30,000 of them at that place in a body or 754 mob ; but they were all dispersed at once by the Irish Protestants ; so that lord Cornwallis had no more to do in putting down that rebellion , than any other general officer in this country . In short , no man would lament more than I , the recurrence of a similar calamity ; but I am convinced that the Protestants of the country are alone able to put down any such disturbance , should it happen again ; so that the people of England need not be alarmed about the power and consequence of the Roman Catholics of Ireland ; for the facts are directly the contrary to what is alleged . The state of the notion is as I state it ; and as the British minister thought at the time he sent over the British troops . The first English regiment of militia sent over in 1798 , was the Buckinghamshire regiment , commanded by the marquis of Buckingham himself , and his lady in person . That was the first regiment sent , and it did not come over till eight days after the battle of Vinegar-hill , which had put a stop to the rebellion . Now , Sir , so much for the power and numbers of the Catholics in Ireland , which seems to be the sole and chief argument in their favour