consideration led me to weigh this question the more attentively , it is this very consideration that has decided me in opposing it . With this ardent desire of unanimity , is it possible that I can accede to a measure which seems to sow the seed of new struggles and new 797 rivalships , from which I can augur nothing but tumult and ferment in the outset , and intrigues and jealousies to all aftertimes . It is this I deduce from the experience of all history , and anticipate the future from the retrospect of the past . But we are told that times are changed . What ! so changed and so disordered that none of this experience will apply r Then I will ask , are these disordered limes , times for experiments that are doubtful , and innovations that are sudden ? Is this a time to turn state alchymists , to tamper with the crucible , and to mingle ingredients which in their combination may explode ? Four millions ; it is urged ! `` Four millions , '' is repeatedly dinned into our ears , as if this were per se an irrefragable argument for this concession . Now let those hon . gentlemen remember that if , on the one hand , this may seem to enforce the expediency , so on the other , in a like proportion , it must increase the hazard ; and as I am not surprised that those who advocate this cause feel encouragement from those numbers , so let not them be surprised if to him who discerns in it the sources of mischief , it appears just by so much the more formidable . The intimidation may work in opposite directions , if it daunt them from refusing , so it may daunt us from conceding this power . It is a sword that has two edges ; it is a colour that will tint and heighten either sketch . For my own part , I would to heaven I could think it safe to grant their Petition ; and this not to much an incitement as a recompense ! We hear that our fleets and our armies are full of these brave Irish , and it is this makes me grieve to reject their prayer . It is because they are brave and they are loyal ; it is because in spite of their disqualification , we have their services ; it is because , at this moment , I am contemplating them , covered with wounds and with laurels , around the walls of Badajoz , that I would fain have seen them in the enjoyment of their heart 's desire ; and this without diminishing the grace of the boon by proving to how very few any real sensible benefit could result . It is true , they are brave , and they are loyal . But are they above the ordinary passions and interests of human nature ? Are they not men ? Will they not act as all other men have done in parallel cases ? It is notorious that there is a superior degree of zeal and of activity , and a firmer principle of co-operation in all smaller 798 bodies whatever , as distinguished from the community at large ; and this is found to obtain the more where a religious difference constitutes the line of separation . But , for the present , I will wave this last circumstance , and consider this body with whom we have to treat , simply as a numerous class of subjects who have views and interests in common , who are accustomed to think and act collectively , who are recognized as a distinct party , and peculiarly so embodied and organized at the present time . So far , in this view , from imputing any peculiar malignity , it is rather in the social virtues themselves that I trace a source of mischief ; in gratitude and fraternal fidelity . Now , can it be supposed that men thus long accustomed to act in concert , embarked