for the distillers to work off that part of their stock which was on hand , and which could not be applied to human food . No longer time should be allowed than was actually necessary for the passing of the measure . From the information he had received from undoubted authority , the state of the country was most alarming . This was a fact which could not be disguised ; and those who had informed the right hon . gentleman that the contrary was the case , were induced so to do , merely from interested motives , and with the intention of deluding and misleading him . said , the delay proposed by the right hon . gentleman would only tend to keep out of the market that grain which was absolutely necessary for immediate consumption . Any such delay , therefore , was strongly to be deprecated . observed , that it was utterly impossible for the distillers to work off their stock on hand in a less time than that proposed by the right hon . gentleman . They could not take any improper advantage , or make any new purchases by such an arrangement . declared his approbation of the amendment , and conceived that no more time was proposed to be allowed to the distillers than was actually necessary to work off their present stock . felt considerable doubt , whether , even supposing there was a scarcity , the stoppage of the distilleries would have any good effect . said , he had just arrived from Limerick , and that there was no scarcity dreaded in that part of the country , as potatoes never were more cheap or more abundant . agreed that every measure ought to be taken to prevent the consumption of grain , and for the support of the population of the country ; at the same time , the House ought to be cautious how they injured so respectable a class of people as the distillers of Ireland , more than was necessary . A clause could easily be introduced , to allow them to make use of such grain as was in their possession , and so prepared as not to be fit for any other use . The original motion was then put and negatived . The amendment was carried , and leave given to bring in the Bill . Mr. W. Pole then brought up the Bill , which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow . on presenting the Petition from the Catholics of Londonderry , said ; `` It is my duty to present to this House a Petition from the Roman Catholics of the city and liberties of Londonderry , and I beg leave to take this opportunity of correcting a misstatement which has appeared in the public prints of yesterday , namely , that I had declared it to be my intention to present a Petition against the Roman Catholic claims . On the contrary , I said I had received a Roman Catholic 722 Petition to present from the city and liberties of Londonderry , and that Petition I now hold in my hand . It is true , Mr. Speaker , that I have the honour to represent a constituent body there , of nearly 1,000 voters , exclusively Protestants ; and it is also true that I have not any Petition to present from them against the Roman Catholic claims , nor do I wish to receive from the Protestants of Londonderry any such Petition . I may be permitted , however , to know well what are the sentiments of my constituents ; and , therefore , although I have every feeling of respect and kindness towards the subscribers to the Petition I hold in my hand , I can not support its prayer . Our system in my part of the world has been , and I had hoped , would have continued to be , to let our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects urge their own claims , in their own way , without any active interference against