debate . Had he understood any improper allusion or enquiry to have been made by his noble friend , he should have thought it his duty to interrupt him ; but his noble friend had taken no such course . He had said , that he only looked to the responsible advisers of the crown , and in so doing he had followed the line of his duty . But not so the noble lord who followed him—he saw with pain the course he had taken , and hoped that he would have pursued a more parliamentary line of argument ; but not having done so , he thought their lordships could not , with propriety , admit such language to be made use of . The question before their lordships was one which was distinctly in the cognizance of parliament , and which had been treated of by parliament in the best of times ; and was neither more nor less than an expression of the sentiments of that House upon the inefficiency of the existing administration , to act beneficially for his royal highness the Prince Regent , or for the country ; but upon the principles now introduced by the noble viscount , what was done by the sovereign only through the counsel of his responsible advisers , could never be arraigned , nor would the House ever have the power to call ministers to account for their proceedings . The noble earl ( Liverpool ) had complained that no documents were before the House on which to found a motion ; but it was not necessary that there should . He did not understand the nature of such a necessity . The notoriety of the letters , and the general complexion of the administration , formed a sufficient ground for a motion ; and he hoped their lordships would proceed uninterruptedly in the discussion , on the sound principles of parliamentary investigation . defied any noble lord in the House to mention a single word which fell from him , that tended in the remotest degree , directly or indirectly , to impute the slightest possible blame to , or to convey the most distant reflection on his royal highness the Prince Regent . , long as he had sat in that House , never felt more pain than in the course of this discussion ; but hoped that , though it was likely he might trouble their lordships again , they would allow 54 him to implore their attention for a few moments upon the subject of order . When by the indisposition of the sovereign , the executive authority was suspended , the estates of the realm had invested the , Prince Regent with the power to exercise the functions of the state . From that moment , he should have thought , that the name of his Royal Highness would be mentioned in that House with the same respect as that of his royal father . But when on a former evening , he saw a noble lord stand up in his place , with a newspaper in his hand , proceed to ask questions of a minister , about a private letter written by his royal master , he confessed his astonishment at what he conceived to be a most novel and unprecedented proceeding . rose to call the noble and learned lord to order . The observations of the noble and learned lord were foreign to the subject , and appeared more like a speech than a decision on a point of order . If the noble and learned lord meant to make a speech on the question , he appealed to their lordships whether he was entitled to proceed at present ? resumed , and contended that he was referring to a material question of order , with reference to this debate . He again reprobated the production of a newspaper for the purpose of asking , whether an article in it was a letter from the Prince Regent , and said , that if any confidential servant of his Royal Highness had given an answer to such a question