no such defiance had been given . Though I flatter myself that any attempt to create disunion in Ireland would now be vain—that the counter Petitions which some gentlemen seem disposed to threaten , could not be obtained , still I am little disposed to-dare any mart to the trial , for I can not easily forget how severely my unfortunate country has suffered , and for centuries , in consequence of the too successful machinations of disturbed and angry spirits ; and I am far from denying that the power , ( I had hoped not the will ) to do mischief still remained , though I rejoice to think that any such noxious influence is very much lessened , and thank God , is likely very speedily to become altogether inefficient . The people of Ireland are beginning to think and-to act as one man , and I caution ministers to beware how they influence , or permit to be influenced , such a population . The 491 claims of the Catholics can not be withheld ; they will do wisely to consider this , and before it be too late , to conciliate those , whom they can not much longer insult and oppress with impunity . The Petition now presented is offered to the House of Commons as expressive of the favourable opinion . of the Protestants of Ireland on the subjecl of the Catholic claims , as far forth as that sense has been collected or declared . It is the first general appeal to parliament from this body , in approval of those claims , and there is no counter Petition . These are facts incontrovertible , which can not be too often repeated too strongly , too confidently re-lied upon . .—I did not assert that a challenge had been thrown out to the Protestants with respect to the observations of the hon . gentleman , I can assure him that I shall always express my sentiments , whether he liked them or not ; and further , that I will controvert any observation of the hon . gentleman , when I feel it necessary to do so . The Petition was then brought up , and on the question being put that it should lie on the table , said , I am indifferent to which of the strange and contradictory accusations made by the learned doctor he adheres , because they are equally and totally unfounded . He has stated at one moment `` that the Petition was carried about in an indecent canvas for signatures ; '' and in the next , `` that it was concealed in a dark room where no one could either read its contents or see the names signed to it . '' The absurdity of these inconsistent charges is a sufficient refutation of them . But , for the purpose of affording an express contradiction to what has been so confidently asserted by the learned doctor , I shall state the mode in which the Petition was conducted . The persons with whom the Petition originated , thought it right , confident as they were in the wisdom and justice of their cause , to appeal to the judgment of the Protestants in the most calm and deliberate manner . For that purpose , county and aggregate meetings were discouraged , to avoid any agitation of the public mind ; and instead of a canvas for signatures , the Petition was placed in a room in the commercial buildings of Dublin , the central spot for mercantile business , and the most accessible situation in the city . 492 The substance of the Petition and the place where it lay were advertised in all the newspapers ; and as fast as names were obtained , they were copied in large characters and hung up in the room for public inspection . Indeed when the conductors of the Petition reckoned much on the influence of the great names signed to it , and which , on the very first instance , comprehended many of the highest in rank , in property , and in character