? If such feelings did not naturally suggest themselves , do gentlemen think that no pains have been taken to make them comprehend that such things are , and are a stigma to them ? A Catholic may vote at an election for a Protestant , but he can not vote for his Catholic landlord , and he knows why he can not ; this 822 surely must come home to the bosoms of them all . But because in a calculation of chances , it appears that not one in ten of the Catholic population of Ireland , would rise in the world in consequence of what is called their emancipation , therefore we suppose that taking a sober and interested view of the question , they are indifferent as to its result . It is not thus that great bodies of men feel and reason . Things of no importance whatever , if estimated according to their real value , trifles light as air , when men 's feelings and imaginations have been once interested in them , are too often invested with a consequence which , but for these powerful aids , could never belong to them . How much more then must this principle apply to a question so interesting to national pride , working upon the warm hearts of a lively and generous people . Well , then , allow that the question of emancipation deeply affects the mass of the Irish people , and we are next told that they are unfit for it . There is something , it seems , in the character of that part of the nation , that renders it eminently unsafe to clothe them with additional powers , at all proportionate to their increased numbers and influence . They are a lawless , discontented , ignorant and turbulent race . I beg leave to question the accuracy of this account to the extent to which it is carried . I have no personal knowledge of the state of Ireland ; but I am inclined to believe , that this picture is considerably overcharged . I am inclined to believe , that the happiest results have flowed from the immunities already bestowed on that people ; and I consider this as a great encouragement to us to proceed in the same wise and conciliatory course . There are , I fear , considerable defects in the present character of the commonalty of Ireland , proceeding not from the nature of the men , but from the moral and political disadvantages they have so long been subjected to . But suppose , them to have all the faults that are imputed to them—to whose fostering care are they to be attributed ? Under whose tuition have the people of Ireland been reared up in lawless turbulence and ignorance ? I fear we must look to our own Protestant statute-book for an answer to this question . I will not detain the House by any attempt to shew the fatal consequences of the infamous infraction of the treaty of Limerick , or to describe the penal laws as they existed in the plenitude of 823 their power . I will only say , that they were peculiarly calculated to mould and form a national character on a model so base , that so far from blaming those on whom they operated for their defects , ones astonishment is exulted at the existence of the many virtues that are by all attributed to the Irish population . The penal code interposed between man and man , in the must private and domestic concerns of human life ; it sowed divisions in families ; it set the son as a spy upon the father , and made the father jealous of the child the law of God ordained him to protect . The Irish Catholic knew the law of his country only as an avenger , not in its character of a protector . The law that secured to all other men the full possession and free disposal of their properly , restrained him in the use of it , by the most