of ; because if positions which were once deemed so strong , are now relinquished , there is rational encouragement for hoping that those which remain may not be found so impregnable as the advtisaries of this cause wish them to be thought . Others of these dangers have , from the change of the circumstances of the world , long since passed away in the judgments of ail men . The recal of a Catholic to the throne , for instance , can no longer be a subject of fear . No one , I presume , apprehends that the king ; of Sardinia is likely to be taken from the remnant of his dominions and fixed upon the throne of these realms . The temporal power of the Pope also presents no formidable danger . On the contrary , it has been our wish and object to protect if , and in its defence both the blood and the treasures of this country have been , as I think , wisely and nobly , though unsuccessfully expended . But the spiritual authority of the Pope is still , it seems , an object of apprehension , as 868 portending peril to our civil rights . In the term spiritual authority of the Pope , I mean to include his alleged power of dispensing with oaths , together with the tenet attributed to Roman Catholics of not keeping faith with heretics . These imputations , however , it is to be remembered , have been formally and solemnly denied by six of the most eminent Roman Catholic universities in Europe , as well as by the preambles of several statutes on the table , which not only recognize the Catholics as good and loyal subjects , and fit to be trusted with much civil and military power , but declare the restrictive laws to have been inefficacious for their purpose , and injurious to the welfare and prosperity of Ireland . I must remark too , that if there were any foundation for such odious fears , the precautions relied on do not appear to be either very efficient or very logical.—The danger asserted is , that Catholics can not be believed when they swear . The security insisted upon is an oath . But it has been alleged by some gentlemen who admit the sincerity of the Catholics in the abjuration of such tenets , that it is in the nature of all religious sects to endeavour to promote the interests of their own faith ; and that if the Roman Catholics were invested with political power , their aim would , of course , be directed to the advancement of their religion . If , however , this argument has any validity , it must equally apply to the Protestant Dissenters , many of whom deny the ecclesiastical supremacy of the crown ; and yet the disqualifying laws with regard to the latter description of person ? , have in Ireland been long since repealed . The objection also , as urged against further concessions to the Catholics , conies too late ; for we have already admitted them to a large share of political power ; —we have put arms into their hands ; —we have capacitated them for many civil offices ; —and , above all , we have given them the elective franchise . What we have reserved , therefore , though it is an efficacious instrument of discontent , is impotent for security . The danger to Protestant property used to be another of the perils apprehended . The revival of antiquated titles , the most absurd certainly of all the bugbears which have been employed to raise up terrors in the Protestant mind : but upon this topic it is not necessary to dwell , as the objection seems to be now abandoned , and indeed the Protestant petitions on the table are an irresistible refutation of it . 869 Having thus touched upon the principal dangers , I now come to that class of objections which it has been attempted to draw from the principles of the constitution . One of