few commoners into this , all our securities , not only of oaths and tests , but of numbers—of the large body of Protestants , among whom that handful will be lost—all the safeguards furnished by positive laws , and the still stronger checks provided in our own prejudices , or conscientious and well-founded opinions ; in the zeal , for instance , of the learned judge and his co-adjutors , will speedily be at an end , and the parliament , without delay , be converted to the Catholic faith ; or , at any rate , to seek the overthrow of the Protestant Church ! I should be ashamed , Sir , to dwell one moment upon such miserable nonsense as their heads must be filled with , who are sincerely influenced by this argument . I should be still less excusable in stopping to expose it , after the able and well-reasoned speech of a noble friend of mine ( lord Binning ) who handled it last night . But let me only ask , if such be really the inextinguishable hostility of the Catholic body—if their grand object be , indeed , the destruction if the establishment , and if votes in parliament are the means of attaining it , what security have we against them at this very hour , fenced about with tests , and oaths , and declarations , which exclude them from scats indeed in parliament , but leave them free to choose their representatives ? Why , Sir , if their hatred of our Church is so violent that they can scarcely keep their hands off it , notwithstanding all they say and all they swear , if they never can meet to poll for members without meditating its downfall ; if wheresoever two or three Romanists are gathered together the Church is in jeopardy , what , I ask , prevents them from gratifying somewhat at least of this spleen , by electing ( which the law allows , ) a hundred members , calling themselves Protestants , indeed , but bound by the tenure on which they hold their seats , to represent faithfully the Romish feelings of their constituents , and work the overthrow of the establishment , the object which those constituents , it seems , have nearest at heart ? I will tell you , Sir , why no such thing can now be : the Catholics can not return the whole , or even a considerable number of the Irish members , They are a powerful , 896 wealthy , most numerous , and highly respectable body ; but the property possessed by the Protestant interest , makes it impossible for them to elect above a certain part of the whole Irish representation . Would they be able to elect a greater portion of it , if they could send Catholics here instead of Protestants ? The fancy is ridiculous.—But their wealth and influence may increase . True , it may ; I trust it will . I am sure it must increase with the beneficial effects of the laws now in force , and which are toleration itself , compared with the sanguinary code they succeeded . But will that influence be made stationary by refusing the power of representation to the body which you have allowed the privilege of election ? Will the Catholic influence increase one degree less rapidly by confining them in their choice to certain classes of the community ? Nay , if you keep from them the just and natural right of being represented , where they have a sufficient preponderance to chuse at all , by members of their own sect , are they the less likely to return men , who may indeed be Protestants , but will infallibly be rigid sticklers for every Catholic point ; rigid in proportion as their constituents are cramped in their exercise of the elective franchise ; rigid , more rigid than even Catholic members would be , because they must supply by excessive zeal the defect in their title to be returned , and prove at every turn that their