and he emphatically dwells on the words `` hæreticos persequar et impugnabo '' * as the pledge of ceaseless persecution.—He quotes Dr . Troy 's Pastoral Letter of 1793 , to substantiate his charge ; but at length acknowledges , that the see of Rome did actually admit a qualification of those hostile words , at the instance of the empress of Russia . In this respect he has told the truth , but not the whole truth ; for he has omitted the most material facts , namely , that the very words he objects to , are also omitted , in the pontifical oath taken by the Roman Catholic bishops of —I should be as much overrating my own powers as undervaluing the time of this House , if I were to pretend to expatiate over that wide extent , or to wind through that intricate labyrinth of topics that have from time to time been discussed , as part of the present question ; or if , after it has passed so repeatedly under discussion , and through the hands of such men , I could hope to set it in any new point of view . But happily for me ( I may perhaps say happily for all who take part in it , ) the field of argument lies before us contracted and retrenched , it has shrunk into a narrower basis , its boundaries have been defined , and its defenceless outposts abandoned . There are 796 now but few minds in which this measure confounds itself with a toleration of religious exercise , and as few voices that are raised to urge it as a claim of natural paramount right . I stay not a moment therefore to demons rate how fully that toleration is enjoyed , how necessary I deem it that it should be , how much I rejoice that it is . Still less will I stay to advert to the glaring inconsistency of talking of the natural rights of citizens , it is the coupling of terms which are in plain opposition to each other , that of a citizen being purely an artificial relation : what may be the rights of man in a savage and unsocial state concerns us not : he who talks of civil rights can mean no more than what the laws and constitution of the state do actually recognize , or , consistent with its security and well being , might admit . Bat I have done with this . These are positions which , in the heat of argumentative contention , were seized on for their loftiness , they have been isolated and untenable , and are abandoned . Stripped of the martyr brightness of persecuted faith , stripped of the tragic mask of outraged humanity , the question has at last approached as in its own proper character , in the simple quiet form of a question of state expediency . We have heard it in the thunder and in the whirlwind , and here at last is the still small voice ! This warning voice appeals not to our compassion , not to our remorse , not to our piety , but to our terrors and our sense of danger . To this altar we are to fly for our own security ; this we are to embrace that we may escape : it is to be our palladium ; and , like Constantine we are to conquer under the sign of the cross . How ! it is said , in times of peril and difficulty like these , how ! when every wind under heaven is driving upon us , shall we leave some of the main timbers of our fabric unfastened , to vibrate with every gust ; perhaps to crush all in their separation ! When the world stands arrayed against us , shall we not strive to be united at home , to stifle all animosities , and heal all divisions ? Most assuredly . I do more than admit its truth , I feel and I urge its necessity . It is this very