its foundation , when a noble lord , ( Camden ) at the head of the Irish administration , did appear to interest himself in its advancement ; and during the government of a noble duke , ( Bedford ) who , like his ancestors , has ever been the friend of freedom and mankind , and who has not so far adopted the selfish policy of the day as to exclude the Catholics from the number of his fellow-creatures ; with these exceptions , in no instance has that institution been properly encouraged . There was indeed a time when the Catholic clergy were conciliated , while the Union was pending , that Union which could not be carried without them , while their assistance was requisite in procuring addresses from the Catholic counties then 646 they were cajoled and caressed , feared and flattered , and given to understand that `` the Union would do every thing ; '' but the moment it was passed , they were driven back with contempt into their former obscurity . In the conduct pursued towards Maynooth college , every thing is done to irritate and perplex—every thing is done to efface the slightest impression of gratitude from the Catholic mind ; the very hay made upon the lawn , the fat and tallow of the beef and mutton allowed must be paid for and accounted upon oath . It is true , this economy in miniature can not sufficiently be commended , particularly at a time when only the insect defaulters of the Treasury , your Hunts and your Chinnerys , when only those `` gilded bugs '' can escape the microscopic eye of ministers . But when you come forward session after session , as your paltry pittance is wrong from you with wrangling and reluctance , to boast of your liberality , well might the Catholic exclaim in the words of Prior— To John I owe some obligation , `` But John unluckily thinks fit To publish it to all the nation , `` So John and I are more than quit . '' Some persons have compared the Catholics to the beggar in Gil Blas : Who made them beggars ? Who are enriched with the spoils of their ancestors . ' And can not you relieve the beggar when your fathers have made him such ? If you are disposed to relieve him at all , can not you do it without flinging your farthings in his face ? —As a contrast , however , to this beggarly benevolence , let us look at the Protestant Charter Schools ; to them you have lately granted 41,000l . : thus are they supported , and how are they recruited ? Montesquieu observes on the English constitution , that the model may be found in Tacitus , where the historian describes the policy of the Germans , and adds— '' this beautiful system was taken from the woods `` so in speaking of the charter schools it may be observed , that this beautiful system was taken from the gypsies . These schools are recruited in the same manner as the janissaries at the time of their enrolment under Amurath , and the gypsies of the present day with stolen children , with children decoyed and kidnapped from their Catholic connections by their rich and powerful Protestant neighbours : this is notorious , and one instance may suffice to shew in what manner . 647 —The sister of a Mr. Carthy , ( a Catholic gentleman of very considerable property , ) ( lied , leaving two girls , who were immediately marked out as proselytes , and conveyed to the charter school of Coolgreny ; their uncle , on being apprized of the fact , which took place during his absence , applied for the restitution of his nieces , offering to settle an independence on these his relations ; his request was refused , and not till after five years struggle , and the interference of very high authority , could this Catholic gentleman obtain back his nearest of kindred from a charity charter school . In