of my right hon . and learned friends around me , whether they would have entered that profession , if they were obliged to enter it in the same way the Catholics of Ireland enter it ? Was it as a means of getting money that they entered it , as a sort of livelihood or trade , and not as an honourable path that might lead them to the high and distinguished offices of the state , which was the sole object of their ambition ? Or I would ask , was not the ambition of their youth rather excited by the prospect of emulating the Hales , and the Holts and the Somers 's ? Any man who has reflected upon the sources of human ambition , will find that these alone are the adequate rewards of virtuous and honourable exertion . It is the hope of those distinctions that enables him to get through the disappointments and the labours of that arduous profession . These are the rewards which he must look to as the ultimate object of his ambition . Would those gentlemen , I ask , enter the profession if it were so degraded in this country ? would they have consented to follow it as a kind of trade , in which they might make the most of their words and their knowledge ? —If they would not consent to this , I would ask , how can they expect that harmony , peace and contentment can exist in Ireland ? Do they think that exclusions of this kind can fail to excite animosities and discontents ? But why are the Catholics excluded from these paths of honour , and shut out from all offices ? Because they have something to do with political power . If this is the criterion of your safety , you ought to carry the principle farther . You ought not to suffer your Catholic soldiers to be made corporals or Serjeants , and still less captains or co- 939 lonels , —you should not suffer one of them to be a juryman or a magistrate—because they all exercise political power . I confess that I was very much surprised at the conclusion of the speech of the hon . gentleman who spoke last but one , from the opposite side of the House , ( Mr. Leslie Foster . ) From every thing that fell from him , I should have concluded , that he would have voted for going into an enquiry . He tells us that the Catholic religion is not a certain and fixed thing , but that it has varied from time to time ; and that it is different in one country from what it is in another . In this I concur with him , and I therefore think his speech an extremely good answer to the arguments of the right hon . gentleman who spoke some time before him ( Mr. Yorke ) , and who has been telling us of the general councils of ancient times , from which he has produced doctrines which he assumes must be the Roman Catholic doctrines of the present day , the Catholic religion being , as he contends , necessarily the same now that it ever was . Now the House must judge which of the two representations is the correct one . However , the right hon . gentleman says , he will never be content to relax the laws against the Catholics , until the decrees of former general councils are rescinded by the decrees of other general councils . Sir , the most eminent book that was ever written against the Protestants , was by the celebrated Bossuet , entitled , the History of the Variations of the Protestant Churches . The charge , however , was retorted against himself , and he was answered by a History of the Variations of the Catholic Church , in which it was shewn , how the Catholic Church had differed from itself at different times : how the doctrines of one day had been rejected on another : and how their opinions