that their lives and properties may not be tried exclusively by those who disqualify them . If this be ambition , it is the ambition of not being hanged by a party jury ; the ambition of not being robbed by a party sheriff packing a party jury . On a question touching Catholic claims , the Roman 740 Catholics have not now a fair trial in Ireland ; in a case between Catholics and Protestants they have not the benefits even which foreigners possess . I do not say this applies to ordinary cases , but I do say that where there is a question touching their exertions to obtain their civil privileges , they have not a fair trial ; how many Catholics were jurymen on the late trials for the violation of the Convention Act ? Not one ; they are not only deprived of the great executive offices of their country , but of the great protective principles by which their lives and properties should be defended . They are excluded from the office of sheriff by which juries are impannelled , and from that legislative body by which taxes are imposed . Gentlemen call for security ; we call for security ; we call for security against a policy which would make the British name in Ireland odious ; we call for security against a policy which would make the British faith in Ireland equivocal ; we call for security against a policy which would disinherit , disqualify , and palsy a fourth part of the empire . When gentlemen on the other side call for security , let them state the danger ; does the danger consist in the Eucharist ? or in the political consequence attending the real presence ? does the danger exist in the worship of the Virgin Mary ? does the danger exist in an attachment to the House of Stewart ? Let the opponents give us some serious reason ; let them afford us some apology to after-ages for inflicting on a fourth of our fellow-subjects political damnation to all eternity . They have but one danger to state ; let us hear it ; it is the Pope , and the influence of France upon that power . He has at present no power ; France has no influence over him , and the Irish Catholic no communication . The danger , therefore , is prospective ; what securities have they taken against it ? Domestic nomination ? No , they have declared it to be impracticable and inadequate . You might have had the Veto ; you might have had it in 1801 , when you had the Pope in your power ; you might have had it in 1805 , when you rejected Mr. Fox 's proposition ; and I belive you might have had it in 1808 ; but you lost it , and they are answerable to the public for the loss of it . Well , domestic nomination they say will not do ; the Veto they say will not do ; have they any other measure ? do they 741 propose a plan for making proselytes ? do they propose to discontinue recruiting from the Catholic body ? they have no plan but civil disabilities , that is to say national disqualification ; but national disqualification is the odium of the British name , and the hostility of the Irish people , and what is that but ultimate separation . Separation in fact , or separation in disposition . They have talked much of the security of the Church , much of the security of the state , and much of the necessity to fortify both , and the only security they propose for either is virtual or actual separation . For this the Church has been expected to preach , and the people to petition . They tell you that there is a great danger in the relative situation of the Pope with regard to France ; they suggest to you , of course , that some remedy is necessary , and they produce a remedy which does not act upon