The same had been the case with respect to banks of circulation , as a proof of which he referred to those of Austria , France , Prussia , & c. all of them ruined by their connection with the government , because what government borrowed it never paid . He did not wish to be understood literally , but his meaning was , that government commonly paid one loan by borrowing another , like individuals who took up one bill by getting another discounted . So dangerous , indeed , did he consider the connection between the stale and the Bank , that he should have little fear about passing the Bill , if he could but see the one separated from the other . Were that the case , and if the Bank were left to itself , he believed it would soon diminish its issues until notes were worth what they represented . Those Banks he contended , which had not been intermeddled with , such as Amsterdam and Hamburgh , had maintained their credit until ruined by an overwhelming force . Adverting to the Banks in America , while America was a colony of England , he shewed , that although those establishments were under the controul of Parliament , they had been so profuse of 284 their paper , and it had been depreciated to such a degree , that two acts of parliament were passed under queen Anne , to relieve the creditors defrauded by such depreciation . He read extracts from those acts , and maintained that the principles of the present Bill were in direct contradiction to those statutes . He knew that it was said on the other side , that there was no excessive issue of bank of England paper—this , however , he positively denied . The Bank directors were forced to it , by the large portion of their capital they had advanced to government . To the transactions of the bank of England with government , he attributed the partial distress under which it had sometimes laboured . The only way , he maintained , to raise the credit of our paper currency , was to pay to the Bank part of the money due to them by the country—that part , at least , the 3 millions , which had been borrowed under the sanction of parliament . He was sure the country , even in the present circum-stances , was able to afford it ; and , at any rate , money would be more beneficially employed in that way , than in supplies to Portugal and Sicily , employed for no other purpose that he could see , but to enjoy the miserable pantomime of making and unmaking kings . He would not , however , attach to ministers the exclusive blame the present system deserved : they had been , like their predecessors , imperceptibly drawn into it—like the individual in distress , who catches at any thing to avoid impending ruin ; but any man who could divest himself of national partiality must see , that bankruptcy would inevitably be the consequence of the present system in England , as it had been in every other country . Adverting to the allowance to the officers of the Irish militia of Property tax on their pay , he observed that the time would soon come when the annual deduction of property tax would be made from the pay of the officers of our army and navy ; and he could see no reason why English officers should not receive the same allowance as the Irish . The depreciation could not go on much farther , and government were only deceiving themselves , if they thought that they received any real advantage from the continuance of the present system . They would soon have the same claim to listen to in every department , which had been allowed to the Irish militia officers . The first thing to be done , was to pay to the Bank the money due to them by the country . 285 Surely this could not be beyond our