that there had been a great increase in public business , that person 's view of the subject was very different from his . Under similar circumstances any man , even if he possessed the exertions and talents of the hon . gentleman who had just spoken , might want a secretary . The situation of private secretary was not one of responsibility , neither did it encroach on the province of any minister of the crown . The ministers of the crown would still be the legal and constitutional organs through which all the public business must be transacted ; and they would be liable to the same responsibility after this appointment as before it . The necessity of a private secretary to the Prince was obvious . As a precedent it was not dangerous . It was indispensable . Even his present Majesty , the most laborious prince who had ever filled the British throne , had , towards the latter part of his reign , been almost overwhelmed with public business . At the same time he must frankly declare his wish , that colonel M'Mahon had been paid out of the privy purse . It would have been a more seemly and decorous proceeding ; though certainly the publicity which the proceeding that had been adopted in preference gave to the appointment , was a kind of security against any secret influence . As he was on the subject of secret influence , he would mention to the House , that he once had a conversation with a noble lord , now no more ( lord North ) , who , in a former part of his political life , had spoken of an influence behind the throne , greater than the throne itself ; and that on his questioning that noble lord towards the close of his life , with respect to his then opinion on the existence of such influence , his lordship said that he did not believe that any such existed . He had often been joked about his doubts ' as to his vote ; but on this occasion he should have no hesitation in voting against the motion , because to vote for it would be to vote for the reversal of the appointment in question . explained ; and said , that in the various trades he was engaged in , he employed many clerks : he had one private one , but he paid him out of his own pocket . wished to know what were the functions of the private secretary ? Colonel Taylor 's appointment formed no precedent . The present was like a question about a favourite or minion . He remembered when he was abroad in Russia , in the Emperor Paul 's time , when prodigious activity seemed to prevail in the offices , and even the petty matters and details of the dress regiments were made concerns of the most serious importance , there was a person , sprung from low extraction , who rose in favour till he was actually made Privy Counsellor and Private Secretary to the emperor . This man was most about the imperial person , and every communication was made through him . Though he held only those two offices , all the parasites of the court fawned upon him . After some time , it appeared he was subservient to the views of France . He destroyed the influence of the ministers , who were there responsible to no parliament , overcame a proud nobility , turned them out of all places , and ultimately laid that country at the foot of French intrigue . He did not mean to say , that colonel M. was a man likely to do this : but it was right to look at the possibility of bad successors to such an office under some future weak prince . Seeing the possibility of such a danger , he should vote for the motion . would vote against the motion , because he conceived it a party question , and not involving any thing constitutional . Surely they would not refuse