and say , what would their feelings be , if they had been treated by the government in the same manner ? They had received many concessions , in their very nature such , that they could not stop with them—no philosopher or statesman could think of them but as temporary expedients . The greatest names had deemed ultimate concessions right . Mr. Fox , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Burke , and Mr. Windham , all of them friends to the established church , however much they might differ on other subjects , concurred in this , that conciliation to the Catholics was absolutely necessary . In 1795 , when a noble lord ( Fitzwilliam ) had gone over to Ireland with the power of conceding to the claims of the Catholics , their expectations , thereby excited , were speedily cut short by his sudden recal . He would not enter into a retrospect of the scenes of blood and torture that ensued—scenes even more horrible than those which attended on the French revolution . After this period came the Union , another source of the excitation and disappointment of the hopes of this body . By whose means was that Union obtained ? By the support of the Catholics . By a too ready confidence the Catholics of Ireland did then come forward and support that Union which without their assistance could never have been carried . Their disappointment must now be aggravated by the feeling , that if not foolishly duped , their wishes might already have been granted . If the House , like the Catholics , had supported the Union , under the hopes 78 of attaining the cession of their right through the calmer discussions of the United Parliament , what would they think of the government which imposed an everlasting bar against their approaches ? They could not wonder if great disturbances were the consequences , and if from affectionate subjects they should come to look on this country with ill-will and hatred . In what respect was the situation of the Catholics now hopeless ? He did not wish to name the Prince Regent for the purpose of influencing the debate . He would not state what the feelings and opinions of his Royal Highness might be at the present moment , having only the opinion of his responsible advisers to look to . But he could not help stating , that a very general hope was entertained by the Catholics , that the Prince Regent was favourable to their claims , and that a new æra would by the course of nature arrive when bigotry and oppression should no longer oppose them . That new æra had now arrived ; but instead of its being to the Catholics a consummation of their hopes , they saw the whole power of the government embodied against them , under some cursed and baleful influence ; and nothing remaining to them but a prospect of perpetual exclusion from the benefits of the constitution . If the House believed the Irish to be what they had ever been represented , a brave , a warm-hearted , a sanguine , a high-spirited people—if they believed them to have contributed largely to the military glory of this empire , the dangerous effects which such a disappointment might produce , would be formidable in the same proportion . We might anticipate dangers greater than any which , this country had yet struggled with . A noble lord ( Harrowby ) had asked , if it was not mockery and insult to address the Prince to form a combined administration , after the correspondence which had been so much referred to ? But in this a noble and learned lord had corrected him , and justly defined that it was not for a broader administration , but for one avoiding the character of the present , and calculated to ensure the affections of the people . It might be as narrow as the present , and as exclusive ; but as it would exclude only those dangerous principles which went to disunite and distract the country , it would