duty , if it had acted from information derived from one or two quarters , or if it had given way to the clamours of a mob . The government was bound to obtain information from every quarter ; to investigate , to analyze and compare the whole ; and to form its determination upon the general result . Such was the conduct which the 713 Irish government had pursued , and he trusted that it would meet with the approbation both of the House and of the country . The Irish government had not acted rashly or precipitately , it had proceeded gradually to apportion the relief to the evil as it increased , but it now felt that it could no longer , consistently with its duty , delay having recourse to the strong measure of proposing to stop the distilleries . The Irish government was neither inattentive to the duties it had to perform , nor ignorant of the responsibility under which it acted . It was neither guided by partial information , nor influenced by clamour ; and it would have been no more justified in having recourse to the strongest measure in the first instance , than it would be in not adopting it , now that its necessity became apparent . The right hon . gentleman had censured the measure which he ( Mr . Pole ) had recommended , of prohibiting the exportation of spirits from Ireland to foreign parts , and had represented it as being useless and absurd ; but he contended , that to keep in the country a large quantity of spirits for home consumption that were destined for exportation , must necessarily lessen the quantity to be distilled , and of course diminish the consumption of grain . The right hon . gentleman had stated , that there was no export of spirits from Ireland to foreign pans ; where the right hon . gentleman got his information he did not know , but most undoubtedly it was completely erroneous . He had stated upon a former occasion , that this export trade of Ireland was in its infancy , but in the month of February alone it amounted to above 220,000 gallons , which was rather more than one-fourth of the whole quantity of spirits distilled in that month . How then it could be contended , that the prohibition of such a large export would not lessen the quantity of spirits distilled , he would leave to the right hon . gentleman to explain . The right hon . gentleman had stated , that several cargoes which had been shipped for Spain and Portugal had been brought back again , and several applications hail been made by merchants to the Board of Customs for leave to reland their cargoes . Here again the right hon . gentleman had been completely misinformed , no such cargoes had been brought back , no such applications had been made . One cargo that had been shipped for Guernsey had indeed been brought back , because it was found that the spirits could be sold at a 714 better price in Dublin . Unless , therefore , the right hon . gentleman could shew , that one cargo from Guernsey was several cargoes from Portugal , his statement and the argument he had built upon it fell to the ground . He now begged leave to advert to a charge which the right hon . gentleman had made against him , and which was as extraordinary as it was unfounded . The right hon . gentleman had said , that he ( Mr . Pole ) wished to rival his predecessor , by doubling the duties on spirits , lie should be most unworthy of the situation which he had the honour to hold , if he could be actuated by such a motive . He wished , indeed , he could rival Mr. Foster in talents , in information , in experience , and in every quality that was necessary for the office which he had the honour to hold . That was the only species of rivalry which