the duchy of Cornwall , he received 1,000l . a year more , besides 500l . a year as secretary to the Prince in his ducal capacity . With this new office , therefore , he received 4,500l . a year ; which was pretty well . The hon . member for Yorkshire , notwithstanding the vote he was to give that night , had yet started one little difficulty , which was , however , something for an economical gentleman like him—he was sorry that any money at all was to be paid by the country for this appointment . For his part , he had no hostile feeling to colonel M'Mahon , and wished to do nothing unpleasant to the Prince . He would allow that it might be necessary for the Prince to have advisers on military and other subjects . This , however , was said to be quite different ; to be a private situation . He denied that there could be any thing private in such a situation . Colonel M'Mahon must either be secretary of state , or he could be nothing . Another thing he wished to know , was , whether this was to be a place for life or not ? How did he know but that immediately after this appointment other persons might be called in to discharge the pretended duties of it , and that this might turn out a direct sinecure for colonel M'Mahon ? He would own , for his own part , if he were to have any transactions with his Royal Highness , he would not apply to him through the medium of the right hon . gentleman opposite . He would prefer the intervention of colonel M'Mahon to going through all the tedious frivolities of Downing-street . Though some men might be without prejudices and predilections , there were others who might have them , and he , for one , certainly would entertain a predilection for one of these modes of application in preference to the other.—The hon . member for Yorkshire had said , he would have no objection to the production of the papers moved for , if they were wanted for the purpose 363 of information.—That was exactly what he wished for . He asked for nothing but to know whether or not the country required this new office ? He believed that it was no more than a pretence to obtain 2,000l . a year from the public for colonel M'Mahon . should vote with all his heart and soul against the motion . Did not they allow on the other side that his Royal Highness had an immense number of private letters to write ? And was that no ground for the appointment ? Gentlemen should recollect , that when his Majesty ascended the throne , he was young and hearty.—That he used to get up and go to bed early.—And that he was quite able to go through all his papers without any help . Now did not they know that the Prince Regent was not so young , and that he would therefore want a secretary ? The question was a Grenville question . It was worse than a party question . If the Grenvilles wanted to be so very patriotic , why did not some of the family throw up their sinecures ? It would have been real patriotism to take no more of the public money from an overburthened people ; not to be sucking their blood as those patriots seemed , out of affection , determined to do . Sinecures that , when they were conferred on that family , were worth but about 5 or 6,000l . a year , now had increased to 30,000l . ; and yet it was this bloated family that complained of colonel M'Mahon 's appointment . In fact it was their vanity that was disappointed , and all those measures were the result of that disappointment . There was a rancorous hatred lately manifested against all the measures of the Prince Regent , and it betrayed itself on this as well as on other occasions