gold , it would have the effect of defrauding the creditors . It would consequently be well to consider whether the present petitioners from Belfast , who complained of a loss of 25 per cent . on the payments in gold , were debtors or creditors—tenants or landlords ? Whether they meant to relieve themselves from their obligations by a cheaper mode of payment , or whether they were impelled by generosity to relieve those who were indebted to them ? It seemed that all contracts for lands in Ireland had been made for payment of the rent in gold ; and now , if these petitioners were tenants , it would shew clearly they were desirous to pay in a medium of less value than gold . He thought the House would be wary how they admitted this : if the contract was made expressly for a gold payment , which had , as he was informed , long been the custom in Ireland , forcing the party who had a right in virtue of his contract to receive gold only , to accept of paper in its stead , would be highly unjust , and was a good argument against the Bill being extended . One of the main reasons adduced in favour of the Bill of last session was , the increased and increasing price of gold . 7 Now if he was rightly informed , gold was diminishing in price , and therefore the attempt to continue the Bill only shewed that ministers were determined to have such a Bill in all cases , and at any rate . Though the price of gold was now actually diminished , it was however by no means in consequence of the Bill of last session , because gold rose in price for some months after it passed , and the greatest distress was experienced in the western parts of England , particularly for want of silver to carry on the common concerns of trade ; and in most towns the inhabitants were under the necessity of issuing out tokens of their own , to avoid a total stagnation of the most ordinary business . Another reason against renewing the Bill , was , that it had failed in one of its principal objects , viz . that of preventing more than one-and-twenty-shillings being given for a guinea . The Bill only provided against giving more than a Banknote and a shilling for a guinea ; but by changing the Bank of England for country bank-notes , you might add as many shillings to those as you pleased , and could not be hurt for it ; so that it was daily and hourly evaded with impunity . As a proof of this , there had only one conviction taken place since passing the Act , and that was of a man seduced into the transaction by a police-officer sent on purpose to trepan him into the fact . The provisions of the Act had not been accomplished , nor would be accomplished : and he hoped , therefore , the House would exercise its discretion , before it gave a sanction to the renewal of such a Bill . As to the new clause proposed by the right hon . gentleman , and which went not only materially to alter the Bill , but also to substitute a fictitious circulating medium , as a legal tender for payment , in lieu of the standard coin of the realm , he conjured the House to pause before they consented to entertain a proposition so ruinous to the credit and to the vital interests of the country . was not disposed at present to go into any arguments on the Bill , as frequent opportunities would hereafter occur for the discussion of its merits . He should only notice that the noble lord seemed to adhere to the opinions entertained by him last session , and to press his opposition before the Bill was brought in . He wished to correct him in two points , in which he appeared to be under misapprehension with respect to what he 8