advantages of a traffic to the enemy , which might otherwise direct itself to this country . insisted that the petitioners in such a question were the preferable authority . deprecated all premature discussion of a subject not before the House . He contended that the opinions of noble lords on his side of the House were intitled to as much attention and respect as those so loudly urged by the noble earl . The line of argument and tone held by noble lords opposite , tended to deceive , instead of informing the manufacturers upon the subject . They represented that the effect of the British Orders in Council was to benefit the trade and the navigation of the enemy , and to divert the tide of commerce from the ports of this island . His conception of those measures was very different . He regarded them as making part of a wise and just system of retaliation against the unprincipled and aggressive conduct of France , providing that where the neutral had not the wisdom or spirit to defend its right , the enemy should not reap the advantage of commerce , nor that the valuable products of the West Indies should be carried into his ports . The number of speeches which were made , nor the clamour which was raised against these measures , did not alter the nature of those Orders , or tend in the least to shew their want of wisdom or justice . adverting to the numerous Petitions that lay on their lordships ' table , against the East India monopoly , wished to know from the noble President of the Board of Controul , when the subject of the renewal of the charter was to be brought forward . The session was far advanced ; the measure was one of the greatest importance ; and it was necessary that time should be given for that ample deliberation , which the magnitude of the question called for . could not state exactly when the subject would be brought before parliament ; but whether it could be brought forward this session or not , their lordships might be assured of this , that full time would be given for the 503 consideration of the question in all its bearings . He had no objection , however , to state , that it was the intention of government that the matter should originate in the other House ; but there was no desire , on the part of the Prince Regent 's ministers , to precipitate the measure , or prevent its being maturely considered in both Houses . had expressed his wish to know when the subject would be brought before their lordships ; whether it was probable that it would be submitted to them at a period when there was a fair chance of its being considered and discussed in a manner suited to its importance : but now the noble earl over the way appeared to be uncertain whether it would come before them at all that session ; and stated , that , at all events , it was intended that the measure should not originate there . He saw no reason against it ; but at any rate it ought to be laid before them at a period when it might receive the fullest deliberation . Could this be expected ? Considering the time that a Bill of this nature must take in passing through the other House , it was morally impossible that it should that session come before their lordships at a time when there was usually the fullest attendance . He ! hoped their lordships would interfere , and not suffer their dignity and consequence in the state to be thus trifled with . had given no decided opinion that the subject ought not to originate in their lordships ' House . He had only stated that under the circumstances , it appeared most advisable to the government that the matter should originate in the other House . declared , that from what he had seen of the conduct of the present ministers , it was