the United Kingdom remains in silence . There is not a single dissentient voice to the justice of these claims , save only the Petitions of the universities of Oxford , Cambridge , and the corporation of Dublin . Notwithstanding the inflammatory pamphlets and hand bills distributed to excite opposition , and to produce resistance to those claims , no opposition has followed , no dissentient voice has been raised except those I have mentioned , and the voices of the honourable gentlemen on the other side of the House . They in short are the only obstacles to these concessions . We have the former opinions and promises of the illustrious person now at the head of the government in favour of those concessions , but his present ministers are against him ; 946 and unless his friends are mistaken— [ The Speaker here intimated that this was out of order . ] We have it not now stated as on former occasions , that great scruples are entertained in the highest quarter on this subject , which are wholly unfavourable to the hopes of its success : —upon this question , then , we have the concurrence of all persons and individuals of every description in the country—except only those I have mentioned ; and I do not despair even of the concurrence of many hon . gentlemen opposite , at least until we have the pleasure of hearing some of them speak . The noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) who has always stated , that his reason for opposing the question was the unaptness of the particular occasion , will , I make no doubt , support us now upon this question . When we recollect all these circumstances—when we consider that the alarm '' formerly excited upon the subject of foreign influence , no longer have any foundation : when we see Dissenters of all descriptions , and even Protestants themselves , joining in one common voice on this great question ; and when we know the fatal consequences of a refusal , I would ask whether it is politic in the House of Commons , under circumstances so favourable to the question as they are at the present moment , to tell the Roman Catholics that `` we will not only not grant your claim , but we will not even hear any thing on this subject . We will not enquire whether your claims are wrong-or rightly founded : we will not even so much as listen to you . '' Depend upon it that these people must be heard . If you do not hear them now they will come again and again : and every time they appear at your bar , they will come with increased acquisitions of strength ; and that , which you might give them with grace and condescension now—will appear to come hereafter from far other motives than a sense of justice , reason and good sense . If the right hon . gentleman thinks that holding such language is holding the language of intimidation , he is very much mistaken in the feelings of human nature . If the repetition of complaints brought again and again , after having been rejected with contempt , is to be called the language of force , I know not upon what principles the right hon . gentleman 's sense of political justice is founded . Sir , I think I should not discharge my 947 duty as an honest man , if , reflecting on the tremendous dangers by which the country is surrounded , I did not give my vote for this question . .—Mr . Speaker , the speech of the hon . member was the most extraordinary I ever heard in the course of my life . I was astonished to hear him , who is at the head of the Dissenters of this country , and who I have been informed is retained for them , speak in the way he has done . I should like to know , however , from the hon . member how he came to swallow the test