their present appeal to the wisdom and justice of this House . I produce the same statute to your lord-ships , as a most important document , in favour of the Petitioners ' claims , in another point of view : inasmuch as , by the great importance of the privileges which it restores , it enacts the most authentic proof of the conviction of the legislature , that that class of persons , on whom it had conferred already so great a portion of political power , were worthy of perfect and complete confidence , as assured members of the Protestant state . On that foundation , so ably and so broadly laid , in the statesman-like and weighty argument of a noble marquis ( Wellesley ) on a late occasion , I lay the corner-stone of my argument . I say with him , that every restraint , excluding a particular description of the subjects of any 518 state from the enjoyment of advantages possessed by the community , is in itself a positive evil . Having thus shown the existence of the mischief , and established the title of the Petitioners to the enjoyment of these their common rights , from the intrinsic evidence of the statute of exclusion itself , I have fairly thrown it upon his Majesty 's ministers to come forward , and exhibit to this House their apprehended dangers ; and to shew to your lordships , if they can , that the removal of these exclusions would be attended with some great constitutional evil ; that the continuance of them , at the present day , is rendered indispensable by some over-powering state necessity . But here the advocates for perpetual exclusion interpose their never-failing objection , and ask us , with astonishment and dismay , whether we are really prepared to entrust the Catholics with political power ? Surely , my lords , this argument has long since gone by ; the question has been decided against their own objection , by the act of his Majesty 's ministers of 1793 . For will any man affect to doubt , that the Catholics are in possession already of great political power ? Is it not obvious that they are the electors of a great proportion , perhaps of the majority , of the Irish representatives ? They are already admitted into the state , by the possession of the elective franchise ; against the grant of which lord Clare , their great opponent , had argued , as the certain and necessary forerunner of seats in parliament . They have therefore thus acquired already , an irresistible claim to the restoration of that , the most important of all their present exclusions , from the evidence of the act of 1793 , and the argument of as able , and as persevering an opponent , as the Catholic claims had ever to encounter , in any place , or at any time . With respect then to those dangers which were still said to exist , as obstacles to the removal of the still existing disabilities , with respect to the additional securities which some still called for as indispensable , for the safety of the state , before that consummation of the justice of parliament , so devoutly to be wished for , could take place , it is only necessary for me , to desire your lordships to read the statute of his Majesty 's ministers of 1793 , as the title of the Catholics to the great constitutional privileges , to which they were then restored , as the firm foundation 519 on which they built their future hopes , as establishing the principle of legitimate claim on the one hand , and just concession on the other . For what did that statute say , in terms the most explicit ? These are the tests of your fidelity to the constitution , this is the touchstone , by which your religion is to be tried , as it affects the Protestant state ; take certain oath ? , and disavow certain feelings imputed to your church ,