rational 98 amusements , which was not , nor could not be the case under the present system of monopoly . Indeed , the present monopolists had completely over-shot their mark in their anxiety to accommodate the greatest possible number of spectators . They had built play-houses , in which a great many could see , but no one could hear . The consequence was , that we could no longer enjoy those admirable performances which had been the delight of our ancestors , and were favourable to morals . Instead of them we had dogs , elephants and horses introduced on the stage , to the disgust of every rational man . Another objection to theatrical monopoly was , want of encouragement for meritorious per-formers . Now for instance , that Covent-garden was the only national theatre , no man , whatever might be his merit , could expect to be admitted into the company , if the line of his profession interfered with the parts allotted to Mr. Kemble , and in that case country theatres were his only resources : on these grounds he would give his hearty assent to the Bill , or to any Bill for increasing the number of places of rational amusements , which he considered as conducive to good morals . was sorry that the noble lord could not consent to put off his motion , during the indisposition of his right hon . friend , who was so much interested in the question . He owned that he was , as he had been represented by the noble lord , a most zealous promoter of the re-building of Drury-lane , solely through motives of friendship , and of course he might be naturally expected to oppose the present Bill . In the arduous task he had thus undertaken , he had , however , received some encouragement from the speech of the hon . gentleman who spoke last , and provided Drury-lane could be built in the commodious way recommended by the hon . gentleman , and which he hoped should be the case , he trusted that the hon . gentleman would recommend him some of those excellent tragedians , which , cording to him , were so easy to be found , and which he probably kept behind the curtain until proper encouragement should be offered . The hon . gentleman had complained , that in many parts of the town , people were too far from the theatre . This objection might be pushed a great way indeed , perhaps as far as to furnish a theatre to each particular individual . Three years ago the House was petitioned for a third theatre , the petitions were then 99 referred to the crown , and their claims , after being considered by the Privy Council , were rejected . Last year the petitioners came again to the House , on the pretext that there was little or no chance of the restoration of Drury-lane theatre . If they would agree to wait another session , should that theatre be not then completed and open , he certainly would wave all his objections to this Bill , and vote neither the one way or the other . If this Bill should now pass , though it might not prevent , yet it would probably seem to retard the full restoration of the old theatre . It would tend to shake the confidence of the public , and renew the difficulties from which they had been recently extricated . They had already advanced a great way , and there were but very few outstanding claims which were not in a train of being satisfied . His noble friend had , he was sorry to say , refused to give the very short delay of postponing his motion till Monday next , when he might expect the attendance of a right hon . gentleman peculiarly interested in the question . He had not , however , to com-plain of any gentlemen within those walls , but he had to quarrel with those who had circulated gross misrepresentations with-out , affecting to