reason assigned in the preamble for passing this temporary measure , which Was , that something connected with the subject was under consideration by a committee of the other House . The reason was an absurd one , as far as it could be exected to operate with their lordships . They could not regularly take notice of what was under consideration in the other House ; but they all knew , that the subject referred to was that of sinecure offices . And the truth really was , that these , though distinct from reversions in one sense , were nearly connected with them in another . They were inseparably linked together . They were the vultures that preyed on the vitals of the country , and as they had lived so they ought to die together . He hoped he should not be told by the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , as an excuse for himself , that many distinguished chancellors had granted offices in reversion . It did not follow , therefore , that they approved of the practice , or that the noble and learned lord himself approved of it . That most excellent man and distinguished judge , sir Matthew Hale , had decried the practice ; lord Coke had also decried it ; and was it to be doubted but lord Hardwicke and other eminent chancellors disapproved of it , and would have said so if the occasion had arisen ? If this practice were abolished , that would indeed be a day of jubilee—of real jubilee for the people : but without this , all would be discontent and disappointment . The Prince Regent would have to regret the pernicious advice which had led him to treat with indifference , not to say with contempt and scorn , propositions of such 153 importance as this . The noble earl concluded by declaring , that when the Bill came to be committed , he would move to extend the period of prohibition to twenty years . The Bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed the first Thursday after the recess . rose to call their lordships ' serious attention to the present situation of the labouring poor of Ireland . In the first place he was anxious , as far as possible , to obviate any objections which might be made against the general principle of the motion which he should submit to their lordships . He thought , from the present situation of Ireland , he was justified in calling the attention of parliament towards it : but he must at the same time observe , that if he believed any real scarcity of provisions existed in that country at the present moment , he would repress his feelings , and not bring the subject before the House ; because he knew , in such a case , that the interference of their lordships could not effect any great alleviation of the evil . Believing , however , as he did , from the best information , that no real scarcity , no great deficiency in the necessaries of life , had actually taken place in that quarter of the empire—believing that no immediate danger was to be apprehended—he felt it a duty incumbent on him to state that which he knew to be a fact , namely , that certain districts were suffering all the miseries and evils attendant on a dearth of provisions , though no general scarcity existed . Many noble lords , from their residence in Ireland , might probably be enabled to give more circumstantial information on the subject than he could , whose knowledge was necessarily derived from others . But he was convinced of the accuracy of the statements which he held in his hand , which were written by persons on the spot , and from them it would appear , that the high price of provisions and the difficulty of procuring subsistence in particular districts , had been attended with very bad consequences.—The noble earl here read extracts from two letters , describing the distress