exact course which he ought to pursue . He had felt considerable difficulty in deciding in his own mind , whether he ought not rather to have abandoned the Bill to its fate , or whether he ought not to have proposed the immediate abolition of the practice of granting Offices in Reversion ; but considering the length of time to which he should move to extend the suspension , it might certainly be virtually considered as an abolition . His lordship then adverted to the strange conduct of ministers , with 262 regard to the subject under consideration . They had agreed that this was a mere trifle , a nugatory measure ; and yet , though it was looked to with great anxiety by the people , they had always contrived to get rid of it without doing any thing . He was sorry not to see the President of the Council in his place , ( lord Sidmouth , ) who had strenuously supported the abolition ; but he hoped that noble viscount would appear in the House before the close of the discussion , and repeat his former sentiments . He trusted he would at last persuade his colleagues to adopt his opinion . After considering the absurdity of the preamble of the Bill , which he had particularly noticed on a former occasion , he asked why the law offices were excepted ? It might be said that this would much diminish the emoluments of some of the judges , —emoluments , which they had been taught to calculate upon , when they accepted their situations ; but where was the difficulty in this ? A remuneration might be granted to the present judges ; and those who might succeed them would have no reason to complain , as they would be fully aware of the new regulation . He declared , that in reprobating , as he did , this practice of granting offices in reversion , he had no intention to cast any personal stigma on those who at present held them . Many noble and honourable men who held such situations , had acquired their right to them before they could know the meaning of the word reversion . Many of them were probably in the first stage of infancy when they were made reversionists ; and therefore to be such , could in them be considered as no crime . He concluded by moving , as an amendment , that the suspension , instead of being continued till 1814 , should be continued till 1840 , If this amendment should be adopted , he would then move some alteration in the preamble , in order to make the Bill consistent . presumed it was the intention of his noble friend , if his amendment was agreed to , to propose an amendment in the preamble , to leave out the words referring to proceedings now pending in the House of Commons , otherwise it would be in truth a most alarming symptom , that an enquiry pending in the House of Commons , with a view to the reform of abuses , waste last till the year 1840 . He would , however , support the amendment , in order to get rid of the repeated discussions , upon this subject , 263 which he thought tended grossly to mislead the public , and engender a supposition that an important saving could be made , which was not the fact . The whole number of offices held in reversion ( with the exception of three to which regulations were already applied on the termination of the existing interests , ) did not amount to more than forty , and the whole sum to be saved , supposing even the whole of these offices to be abolished , which was no part of the present measure , would not amount to more than 35,000l . per annum . It was therefore misleading the public to attach any importance to this Bill , which in truth would effect nothing for their benefit . With regard to the influence of the crown , he