He could say , however , that it was heard in the Exchequer for many days before the lords of the privy council , sitting there in their judicial capacity , who , after much deliberation , came to the ultimate determination , that captain King could not share as a captain . This , he could say was not done with any particular view of benefiting sir Home Popham . All the circumstances of the case had been attended to , and captain King 's promotion taken into account . The whole of the prize was now distributed . He was willing to admit captain King 's merits , and that his case was one of compassion . It had been stated by the noble lord , that the object of this Petition was not only to obtain money , but to remove a slur cast upon him . For his part he had never heard any thing of him but commendation . rose to correct an accidental mis-statement of his right hon . friend . Counsel had certainly not been heard in this case before the privy-council . He then entered into a legal disquisition to prove , that the case was not a law case , but that it came under the prize act , to be decided under the prerogative . The commodore had no power to appoint a captain , and captain King having been thus illegally appointed , did not come within the scope of the proclamation for the distribution of prize-money , under the assumed title to which he had no right . There was no apprehension , that this principle of exclusion would extend to any other officers , as it was grounded merely on the illegality of captain King 's appointment . was glad that the statement of the hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last , had put down the authority of the right hon . gentleman . Indeed it must appear to any person impossible that till captain King saw the warrant he could argue against it . If there was to be a sufferer in this case , there was no question but it ought to be the man who had misconducted himself . Captain King had been placed in a situation by sir Home popham , where he had deserved the 168 thanks of his country , and had received pay and forge money , as a lieutenant-colonel on shore . He was to all intents and purposes a field-officer on shore ; but it seemed , that because sir Home Popham had committed an illegal act , captain King was to be degraded . He was not , as had been said , lieutenant of the Diadem , previous to the appointment in question , but commander of L'Espoir . He was taken out of his ship and sent upon land , where he would have shared as a field-officer . Sir Home Popham , when he had acted in a different manner from what he ought to have done , was to be rewarded at the expence of a man who had done his duty.—Sir Home , upon other occasions , had received large remunerations from the Droits of Admiralty ; but captain King , it seemed , could find no friend among the advisers of the crown , to afford him any remuneration from these funds . He apprehended that captain King had more at slake than the money ; he felt that he had been excepted in the most invidious manner ; he felt that some slur in the public mind must have been thrown upon him ; and if the House expressed their opinion , that the persons who issued the warrant acted in an unlawful manner , they would do more for the satisfaction of captain King , than if the money were to be taken from the pocket of sir Home Popham , and put into his own . It was material to know who had been the advisers of the crown throughout this whole matter . stated , that the decision complained of was not one come to