sixty in London . Their failures were likely to be as common as those of underwriters or any other traders whatever . Every one of these bankrupt bankers had kept a discount account with the Bank of England . He had not the list in his pocket , or he could read the proofs of his assertion to the House . None had failed who did not carry on such accounts . He viewed the Bank as useful and absolutely necessary , and on that account felt that any abuse of it ought to be guarded against . He knew indeed that the governor and directors were bound by an oath , but it was an oath which related to their duties only as a corporate body . explained , and re-stated , that lord Stanhope 's Bill was not desired by the Bank . said , that if we went on year after year borrowing , while we diminished our means of repayment , the nation like an individual , must come to a bankruptcy . If there were any reasonable 16 doubts of the Bank 's solvency , a good reason would be furnished for appointing a committee ; but he could not understand his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierney ) , when he called the Bank rich and prosperous , and afterwards said they might be in a state of bankruptcy . The truth was , that the Bank had it not in their power at the present moment to pay their debts in bullion , not having sufficient in their possession ; and it was useless to endeavour to make them perform impossibilities . He believed that only a few bankers applied to the Bank for discounts , since it would rather affect their credit to do so , as it would affect that of an eminent merchant . As the motion might tend to excite distrust in the country with respect to the solvency of the Bank , he could not give it his support . supported the motion . It would be a great evil to make a Bank-note a legal tender . He bore testimony to the honourable conduct of the Bank Directors , who , he believed , acted from the purest ideas of supporting commerce ; but he thought that there would be great doubts in the public mind , unless parliament appointed a committee , as they had done in 1797. begged to call the attention of the House to the admission made by an hon . Bank Director ( Mr. Baring ) who acknowledged that perseverance in the present system would be attended with the ultimate ruin of the country , and yet contended , that not persevering in it would be equally destructive , because it would prevent us from vigorously prosecuting the war . Surely , when men of so much experience involved themselves in such evident contradictions , it was reasonable that some enquiry should be made . There was no guarantee that the Bank of England should not either increase their debt or diminish the small quantity of bullion remaining in their hands . When to these circumstances was subjoined , the declaration of the deputy governor of the Bank of England , that every acre of land in the country was pledged for the payment of their notes , he thought there could he no hesitation in appointing the committee . explained that he had said , that his own land as well as that of every other proprietor , was answerable in a due proportion for the payment of the Exchequer Bills , which was a public debt of the nation . said , the observation he had made was , that there was not a sufficiency of bullion to enable the Bank to resume cash payments . , in reply , insisted that the issue of Bank notes had been greatly augmented since the year 1797 , and as Exchequer Bills were secured by the notes , the landed property of the country was put in jeopardy at the will of the directors of the Bank of England . He