the British authorities concerned in or responsible for it . During these transactions the conduct of lord William Bentinck had been not less remarkable for mildness and forbearance , than for a rigid execution of his instructions . remarked upon the triumphant tone in which the right hon . baronet had reminded the House , that his recommendation at a former period had at length been attended to by the alteration which had been produced in Sicily . If however the British government had not waited until the pre-sent time before it interfered , the object would have been defeated , inasmuch as matters were not until now ripe for the change accomplished , nor would it even at this time have been proper to have proceeded to the extent advised by the right hon . baronet in his former speeches . If it were questionable at this lime whether interference were right , surely at any former period ( before the danger which lately threatened the British army was apparent ) it would have been most unjustifiable . He admitted the fitness of removing from the British character the greatest of all stigmas cast upon us by our enemies , namely , that we were actuated by the same principles that governed them , if that might be called government which acknowledged no law . He was surprised , however , to find , that the right hon . baronet was the instrument by which these unfounded calumnies were circulated . maintained , that it was a totally different thing to make terms with our ally when he was independent , and when he had an army of 15,000 British soldiers in his territory . Perhaps upon enquiry , he should agree that it was important that the revolution should be accomplished ; but he required , and the country required , that it should be made evident to all the world that such conduct 192 was justifiable . It was a very easy , though not perhaps a satisfactory way of answering arguments , to accuse the individual employing them of improper motives ; under certain circumstances he might be proud of the disapprobation of the gentlemen on the other side of the House , more particularly when they endeavoured to deter him from the discharge of a public duty , which as a member of parliament he felt himself called upon to perform . answered , that the objection just made , that we ought to have treated with our ally while he was free , could not apply , inasmuch as , at the formation of the treaty , to fulfil which this grant was proposed , there was a British army in Sicily . gave his vote for the grant , upon the explanation of the noble lord , considering that we were justified in interfering with the government of Sicily , in conformity with the provisions of the treaty , and that if necessity urged , we should take possession of that country by force of arms . stated some circumstances respecting the application of the grants of former years , from local knowledge , and justified the propriety in government abstaining from interference before . adverted to the deficit in the account of public officer in the Treasury , and recommended the adoption of some means of preventing in future the accumulation of frauds on the public . stated the accounts of Mr. Chinnery to have been of such a nature , that by balancing the surplus of some years , against the deficiencies of others , the appearance of the whole was so fair , that it was a matter of little surprise that the auditors had been deceived . The inaccuracies in them could only be detected by looking to the accounts for a considerable time back . These back accounts had been neglected ; but latterly , an effort had been made to get them into a more regular and proper train . As there were a great many of these accounts to look to , it was a considerable time before the accounts of Mr. Chinnery were hunted ,