from whence could be drawn most important means of annoyance to the common enemy . His lordship concluded by moving a resolution for the grant of 400,000l . to enable his Majesty to make good the treaty entered into with his Sicilian majesty . thought that a much more satisfactory explanation was due from the noble lord , on a matter of so much magnitude . He could scarcely believe that ministers , who on former occasions had thrust themselves forward as the friends and supporters of existing establishments , should now attempt to justify the subversion of that of Sicily . Did the noble lord mean to assert , that it was not true , that by means of the British authorities the king had been induced to abdicate his throne in favour of his son ? Uninformed as he was upon the subject , judging only from appearances , he confessed that this proceeding did appear to him very similar to the conduct of Buonaparté , who forced the king of Spain to abdicate his throne in favour of his son Ferdinand , and then took advantage of it to claim Spain as his own property . To whom was this money now proposed to be voted , paid ? and to what was it applied ? These were enquiries , in the present condition of our finances , of much importance ; but above all , the British government should take care to make it evident to all the world , that its conduct was not similar to that of our perfidious enemy , which had justly met with the re-probation of all who dared to be impartial . replied , that if parliamentary enquiry were requisite , the right hon . baronet was too well acquainted with the forms of the House to need information ? how complaints were to be brought for-ward . If such a step should be taken , his lordship was prepared to meet the most minute investigation . He was happy to assure the Committee that there was not the slightest ground for stating , that it was even at the suggestion , much less upon the demand of the British minister , that the King of Sicily was induced to abdicate his throne in favour of his son : how it could be called an abdication he was at a loss to imagine , since it was merely 189 a temporary delegation of power , which might at any time be resumed by his majesty—on the motives to this act his lord-ship would not give an opinion , but certain it was that it was wholly voluntary . The only claim made by lord William Bentinck was , that the king of Sicily should put his government upon such a footing as to make it compatible with the safety of the British army , that it should remain in the island . As on her part Great Britain was anxious to discharge her portion of the treaty , so on the part of Sicily it was expected that she should perform hers . With regard to the question , to whom the money was paid , and by whom it was applied , it would be sufficient to answer , that it was delivered to the king of Sicily and administered by his government . If , as it seemed to be required , a general explanation of the con-duct and policy towards our ally were necessary , the transactions not only of the last , but of many preceding years , must be referred to ; and although his lordship did not shrink from the investigation , he did not conceive that the present was the fit opportunity for entering upon it . By such a trial , he was confident , that the sterling metal of the national honour and character would only be rendered more bright and pure . That any comparison was to be drawn between the conduct of Great Britain and that of France it was ridiculous to contend , since while the latter had governed by lawless ambition , the former had been guided