which existed in the districts where they were written , but the names of which he did not state.—The facts narrated in these letters were undoubted , and a considerable alarm had been excited through different parts of the country in 154 contemplation of a dearth of food . A reverend prelate , whom he did not then see in his place , but whose attention was particularly called to that part of Ireland where the dread of scarcity was most prevalent , must be aware , that , in his diocese , the poor were suffering great distress from want of provisions . Now , in his view of the subject , the legislature , by putting a stop to the distillation from corn in Ireland , would produce very beneficial effects . The encouragement of distillation in Ireland , he considered a strange and singular kind of policy . Among all the evils which that country suffered—among all the causes which were said to produce that want of industry , that spirit of insubordination to the laws , which had been so much complained of—nothing operated more powerfully than the facility with which the Irish peasantry were enabled to indulge in the use of spirituous liquors . At a former period , when the distillery was stopped , he had occasion to go to Ireland , and he noticed , in the lower orders , a very manifest and praiseworthy alteration . Instead of the frequent instances of intoxication , which he had formerly witnessed , be saw very few indeed during his residence in Ireland at that time . He , therefore , thought , that , when the prohibition was followed by such excellent consequences , the government had not consulted the advantage of the country , in the way all governments should do , by again permitting distillation to an unlimited extent to take place . He might be told , that the proposition he was about to make came too late , for the distiller had already purchased his annual stock of grain , and had even commenced his preparatory process . To a certain extent this might be the fact . But the answer was , why did not government look into the matter sooner ? When they saw the rising price of grain , why did they not interfere ? They had a rising market before them ; and one of the consequences of their not having interposed was , that oats had now arrived at 30s . per barrel . He should be sorry to propose any thing which could interfere with the agricultural interests of Ireland ; but the present was an extreme case , and deserved immediate attention . In consequence of the alarm which had been excited in particular parts of Ireland , the price of provisions had been enhanced far beyond any thing which the circumstances could justify ; and , as parliament were competent to entertain any measure 155 which might seem calculated to remedy the evil , he thought it was the duty of their lordships , even now , to consider the propriety of temporarily stopping the Corn Distillation . He did not mean to assert , that this was the best measure that could be resorted to—but such it certainly appeared to him ; and if the noble lords opposite would satisfy him by shewing that they had done , or were doing , all that the necessity of the case required ; or if , in opposition to what he had advanced , they would prove that no scarcity whatever existed in Ireland , he would very cheerfully withdraw his motion . His lordship concluded by reading the three Resolutions which he intended to propose for the adoption of the House , namely , 1st . That the present high price of provisions in Ireland has produced great distress to the labouring poor in that country , 2dly . That it is the duty of the House to take into consideration the best means of removing the evil . 3dly . That it is expedient , for that purpose , to suspend