which were necessary to the protection of the crown . On the contrary , he rather regarded them as a mill-stone appended to the monarchy , in danger of weighing it to the ground ; because these sinecures were become low , degraded , and odious in the estimation of the people . ( Hear , hear ! ) The recent vote of the House , by which the sinecure held by col. M'Mahon was abolished , had raised their character in the eyes of the country . There never was a moment when it was more important to preserve and increase that estimation . Let them now shew that the act to which he had alluded was not the mere effervescence of the moment , but that they were prepared to proceed upon principle to the abolition of sinecures equally useless , and equally odious . He was not one of those who would delude the people with the idea , that the abolitions which he recommended would materially diminish the public burthens ; but it would not fail to afford them much satisfaction , when they saw parliament determined , that that only should be expended which was necessary for the public service . He had not expected a debate on the second reading of the Report , much less a browbeating one . His Majesty 's ministers might think , from the number of members in the House , they would have an advantage over him on a division , as many of the hon . members were not present when the question was regularly debated ; but he was not afraid to meet them on a division , for he knew the soundness of his cause . The right hon . gentleman , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had told them , that the power of the crown had not increased ; at the same time , staring him in the face , since the New Era had commenced a new office had been made at a large salary . He had not a doubt if the Bill passed into a law , but it would do away with many of the existing corruptions of parliament . Were Mr. Pitt 1175 and Mr. Burke living , he was persuaded they would give their support to the Bill ; which did not go to deprive the crown of the power of rewarding merit , but to prevent the public money from being lavished on useless sinecures . He was always of opinion that the crown should hold its supremacy , but he thought the Bill before them was a safeguard to it , particularly when the public were in disgust with sine cures . It was the duty of the House to preserve the public interest . The House had , by a former vote , given the country an earnest of their independence , and would they then , by their vote that night , do away with the pledge ? said , in explanation , that in attributing to the hon . gentleman the adoption of a test of merit , he spoke from a note made at the time . He also said , that he had not objected to the abolition of sinecures , except in certain instances , but that his objections were to the principle upon which the substitution was to be established ; and in that respect particularly , he charged upon the hon . mover a departure from the principles of Mr. Pitt . rose and said , that at that late hour , and in the exhausted state of the House , he should only detain them a few minutes ; but he was anxious shortly to explain the grounds on which he should vote for the original question . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , had commenced his speech with arguing against the general principles of the Bill ; but he could not resist the temptation of introducing some of its minor and petty details , for the purpose of mixing them with its principles , and obtaining the rejection of both