be the least . Such , Sir , are the motives which actuated me on the different occasions to which I have alluded , and on retrospection , I am so far from incurring the penalty of selfreproach that , did the same circumstances 810 still exist , I should steadily pursue the same conduct . But can any such obstacle be now pleaded in bar of the proposed enquiry ? No ! By the heavy dispensations of Providence that obstacle has been removed . We have arrived at the commencement of a new æra , and those who are friendly to the Catholic cause are unfettered by the considerations that fettered them before . The time is come to which the Catholics have been taught to look for the indulgent and dispassionate discussion of their claims , and if we refuse to listen to them now , I know not to what new sera we are to refer them—to what new period we are to point as the limit to the duration of the galling restrictions under which they labour . The question we are now called upon to discuss , derives much of the tremendous importance that belongs to it from the principles by which the ministers of the crown appear to be disposed to meet the claims of your petitioners—principles which , if just , are immutable , and must be considered as of invariable application as long as the government of this empire shall continue Protestant . The opinions of the first minister himself have long been known and always manfully avowed , and his conduct upon this question has been marked by the most perfect consistency ; but he has not left us to collect from his former proceedings what his future policy is likely to prove . At the commencement of this new æra he has formed an administration on the very basis of exclusion to the Catholics ; he has chosen to mark this aera by bringing into the administration the only public men not belonging to it , who entertain the same sentiments with himself on the Catholic claims . If any doubt then could have existed before as to his probable conduct , that doubt must be banished from every mind by a consideration of the quarter to which he has thought it right to apply for an accession of popularity , reputation and talent to his administration . Would to Heaven , Sir , that instead of thus studying to fortify himself against the Catholics , he had but thought of fortifying the country against the many and pressing dangers that surround it , by seeking to unite the affections of the Catholics to the interests of the state ! Such is the ministry selected to meet the claims of four millions of the King 's subjects , and such the character of the principles on which they are disposed to act ! Is the House prepared to 811 act on those principles ? Is it prepared to say not only that the advantages of concession are so imaginary and the dangers of concession so great , but that the very principles of the constitution itself are so exclusive , that without violating them and foregoing ail the benefits entailed upon us by the Revolution , we can not entertain a thought even of granting the prayer of these petitions ? This is a doctrine that does not stop short at the refusal of further immunities , but casts a severe censure on every act of grace or favour that has ever been extended to the Catholics of Ireland . I not only maintain that the House never has sanctioned such opinions as these , but I maintain that there is nothing in the principles on which the Revolution was founded that can justify this monstrous doctrine of eternal exclusion . If we look back to the history of the Test laws themselves , we shall find that they and the fierce resolutions of this House against Popery kept pace with the alarms entertained by parliament at the illegal designs of Charles 2 , and the arbitrary and bigotted notions