to the public service ; —That they do examine into the present 373 state of account of the several balances of money which have been reported on , or have since appeared to the said Committee to be due and owing to the public , or which have been stated in any report laid before this House by the commissioners of military or naval enquiry , or by the parliamentary commissioners of enquiry , or the commissioners of imprest accounts in Ireland , to be so due and owing ; and that they do , with all convenient speed , lay before the House an abstract account there of , and of their opinions thereupon , specifying particularly the amount of the several balances originally appearing due , the sums which have been received there out , with the date of such receipts ; whether any and which of the remaining balances may be considered as entirely irrecoverable , and also the progress of any measures taken towards such recovery , or the adjustment of such balances ; and whether any and which of the persons , who have been deficient in their payments , continue to enjoy any place or office of trust or profit or pension under the crown . '' conceived , that the powers of the Committee were already sufficient for those purposes ; if not , he had no objection to the present motion . It was another question whether the Committee ought to apply itself immediately to this object , so as to supersede all other business . As to the pension of Mr. Hunt , it , had been all along withdrawn effectually , though not formally till last year . said , that the Committee had the power , and if he had thought it expedient that the state of the balance should be known before the end of the session , he would , as chairman of that Committee , have undertaken the labour : as it was , he was ready to begin the business immediately , though , perhaps , it might be better not to embrace that mass of subjects to which their attention was now directed . took that opportunity of explaining a circumstance which had occurred upon a former night , and which his absence had precluded him from then adverting to . An hon . baronet ( Sir F. Burdett ) had stated , that though the principal had been paid back to the public by Mr. Steele , the interest was lost . He there fore begged leave to state , that not only the whole of the principal had been paid up , but also every shilling of the interest . suggested 374 the propriety of omitting that part of the motion instructing the Committee , and retaining merely that part of it that empowered them—thereby leaving the Committee to its own discretion . repeated his reasons for wishing that , before the session closed , the public might be put in full possession of the most accurate details that could be made out respecting these defalcations . rose to make the motion of which he had given notice respecting corporal punishments in the army . He began by observing , that he could not anticipate any serious objections to the motion which he was about to make . Returns were regularly laid before the House of the number of capital punishments inflicted , and he did not perceive that any greater inconvenience or danger was likely to result from publishing the number of punishments in the army . The punishments to which he now alluded were such as were not generally known ; they were most debasing and degrading to the soldiers ; and were attended with such cruelty and inhumanity that they were inflicted in secret , in holes and corners . [ Hear , hear ! from the ministerial benches . ] He repeated it—in holes and corners ; because it would not be possible to inflict so much torture and ignominy in open day , and in the face of the world , without the presence of an army