union , and concord , and concentration at home . The state of our relations with foreign powers , thus presenting to our view prospects 527 so truly dark and gloomy , and in the condition of our people at home , driven to despair , by the suspension of manufactures , the ruin of their trade , the weight of the public burthens , and the pressure of private distress , with so little to console and animate . With four-fifths of the population of the sister country , taught by the perpetual babble of our Anti-Catholic ministers , and by the concurrent testimony of their favourite code of proscription , that the Catholic subjects of the same King , must of necessity continue for ever , and under every possible change of circumstances , irreconcilable foes to their Protestant countrymen , and to the interests of the Protestant state . Under such circumstances as these , would not the confidence of the most assured believer in our deliverance from these impending dangers , be melted down , and every hope extinguished of the continuance of those relations , by which the discordant parts of this United Kingdom , have been so unsuitably linked together ? My lords ; this is not precisely the favourable moment for sporting with the feelings of our Catholic millions ; we have no indispensible necessity for strife or division . At a conjuncture like the present big with our fate , an awful crisis ! when the union of all hearts and hands would not be more than enough to save us ! wantonly to irritate to distraction , a generous , gallant , high-spirited population ! the sinews of our military strength , is absolute insanity . It is the sure sign and prognostic of divine anger , dooming an empire to perish . `` Quippe , inductabilis fatorem vis , cujuscunque fortunam mutare instituit , mentern corrumpit . '' Against the fatal effects of such mad and desperate counsels , the constitution , however , has not left the country without a resource . To parliament it has confided the salutary power of arresting the course of weak and wicked ministers ; reforming the errors , and even rebuking the follies and the vices of the first magistrate of the state , whenever they become inconvenient or dangerous to the public weal . Sure I am , that we are now arrived at that alarming and portentous crisis , at which is has become imperative upon your lord-ships , to call into activity , for the salvation of the empire , those high controuling authorities with which you are invested . You have two weighty functions to discharge ; the one , to conciliate a large and 528 important part of your population , driven by impolicy and rashness , to the brink of despair ; the other , to deliver the nation from the obstinate incompetency of its present rulers . Happily these duties are not inconsistent one with the other . From his place in parliament , the first minister of the Regent has informed us , in an authoritative tone , that he has made a compact with the representative of his sovereign , and has obtained from his royal master , the rejection of Catholic concession , as the consideration and the price of his own present and future services . I therefore call upon your lordships , to acquire for yourselves , a double claim to the gratitude of the public ; by opening wide the doors of this House , to a candid and just consideration of the Petitioners ' case ; and by the extensive and sweeping benefits of the same healing measure , to redress and wipe away the two great grievances of the state ; the exclusion of our Catholic fellow subjects , and the administration of the right honourable gentleman . But we must not be too sanguine in our hopes , nor promise to ourselves the easy accomplishment of an object of such incalculable public benefit . We must expect a hard struggle , and be prepared to encounter a