averse to produce documents , without which it was impossible to have an accurate knowledge of the frauds , the perjuries and forgeries with which the Licence trade was carried on . The speech of the right hon . the Vice President of the Board of Trade , when the Orders in Council were lately under consideration , had filled him with great anxiety , which he had shewn per 411 haps too plainly , in rising at a very late hour on that night , when he found it , however , impossible to procure a hearing ; but he had ever since felt , and still continued to feel the same anxiety to shew and to prove by uncontrovertible evidence how unfounded were the assertions then hazarded by that right hon . gentleman.—He was fearful on that occasion , and his fear alone had induced him to intrude en the patience of the House , that his silence on hearing such statements and assertions Dade without contradiction , should have been interpreted into an acquiescence in their correctness and their truth . The reason slated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer for resisting the production of the papers asked for , namely , that it would be inconvenient , because , if they were to be granted , it would be necessary for those on the other side to move for papers explanatory of the neutralizing system , seemed to him to be most extraordinary , and in this opinion the House must agree with him , when it was considered what the nature of those papers must be . The neutralizing system was one for the disguising of property , to prevent persons in this country from discovering to whom it really belonged , and , to such perfection was it carried , that even persons of the utmost astuteness were disappointed in their endeavours to come at the fact . He should now proceed to shew to what extent perjury existed in the Licence trade , and that it was necessary for the continuance of that trade in this country . The first paper he should move for went to prove , that oaths were required to be taken on the continent , before any vessel could be permitted to clear out , that she was to proceed to a port named , or any other port , and was to carry such and such property . Every English port , however , and every species of English property , however , being always excepted . To prove this he should confine himself to one instance , where the captain having , as was required of him , taken this oath on the Continent , made an answer in the Admiralty Court in this country , which he should also move for , that though previous to his clearing out from the Continent , he had sworn that he was not to proceed to any English port , yet in reality he was destined for the port of Leith . This , he presumed , would be sufficient to shew , that oaths were taken on the Continent that vessels were not to proceed to this country , when in reality they were bound for this country under licence . But what 412 he was most anxious to point out to the attention of the House was , that these perjuries were recognised in the courts of this country . To prove this fact , he should move for papers in a case where it being obvious and notorious to every one , that the master and every one of the crew were perjured , the vessel was restored on that perjured evidence , such being considered the machinery necessary for carrying on the Licence trade of this country . In the case to which he alluded , the vessel came to this country from Amsterdam ; from hence it proceeded to St. Petersburgh , and from thence returned with a cargo to this country . There the master , mate , and all the crew , for the satisfaction of the Russian government , swore