important class of his fellow-subjects , whose Petitions I am preparing to offer to your lordships ' notice , if the person to whom they were committed , should satisfy himself , with throwing them on your lordship 's table , unaccompanied by any observations on my part . 453 I shall therefore beg leave to observe , in the first place , that , next to the redress of their grievances , there is no feeling so strongly impressed on the minds of my Catholic countrymen , as that , whatever Petitions shall be presented to Parliament as theirs , should be framed in such a manner , as to remove the possibility of any doubt , whether or not they expressed the real feeling of that description of his Majesty 's subjects . Accordingly , such arrangements have been made , as have enabled me , to pledge myself to your lordships , from my own knowledge of the fact , that notwithstanding the interruptions which the Petitioners have experienced , the Petitions , with which I am myself charged , and those which will be presented to the House by other noble lords , previous to the discussion , contain the full and complete expression , of the undivided sentiment of all ray Catholic countrymen . I shall next intreat your lordships ' particular attention , to the subject matter of those Petitions , which will now be read at your lordships ' table . In them your lordships will find the case of the Petitioners ably argued—the leading objections to their claims ably refuted—with all becoming deference to this House ; and without forgetting that due respect , which the petitioners owe to their own important position in the state . .—My lords ; the only remaining observation , with which I shall trouble the House , is in reference to that Petition which I have had the honour of presenting , from the county and city of Kilkenny . The Petition was not originally intended for me , but had been , most properly , committed to a noble friend of mine , ( the earl of Ormonde ) ticularly connected with that county and city—and whose name stands conspicuously high in the peerage of his Country . It is but justice to my noble friend , to express to your lordships , the concern which my noble friend feels , that he is now prevented by indisposition , from giving that personal support , which he has never failed to afford , to the claims of his Catholic countrymen in that House , on every former occasion . To myself , entrusted as I am with the honour of presenting to your lordships the general Petition of the Catholic body , my noble friend has confided that of the county and city of Kilkenny , which he was not enabled to lay on their lordships ' table himself ; and by the proxy , which the noble earl had signed , in his bed , he has entrusted to me , the power of giving parliamentary effect , to his known sentiments , on the important subject , which will soon engage your lordships ' attention . The Petition of the county of Kilkenny being the same as the General Petition of the Catholics of Ireland , was not read , but ordered to lie on the table . rose for the purpose of presenting a Petition from his Majesty 's subjects professing the Roman Catholic religion in England . This Petition referred to one which had been presented in a former session , and which it prayed might be taken into consideration . It was signed by all the English Roman Catholic peers , as well as by the most wealthy and respectable private gentlemen of that per-suasion , and might be considered as speaking the sense of the whole Catholic body in England , than whom , he did not think a more meritorious body existed , nor one more worthy the consideration of the House ; both on account of the hardships under which they suffered , and the unshaken loyalty