a fact so pleasing to the country and to the army , and so truly honourable to those on whom the right hon . gentleman had bestowed his eulogium ? His belief however was , that there had been great abuse , that there were still great abuses , and that great abuses would continue , so long as such a system of punishment was endured . It was a system unworthy of the English nation and of the English soldier , and a system which he believed would not be allowed to prevail in any other country . The right hon . and learned gentleman had admitted , that the production of the return could do no harm , would be productive of no inconvenience , and his only objection was the very courtly and unparliamentary pretence , that it might not be agreeable to the feelings of those who happened to be high in rank and office . As to the opinion that this mode of military punishment had no injurious effects on the recruiting service , he would ask gentlemen to knock at their own hearts , and imagine themselves in the situation of spectators of this dreadful spectacle , and then to say , would this or would it not damp their inclinations to enter upon a course of life in which they would be exposed to the liability of suffering the same infliction . He knew well , for he had been frequently applied to without however possessing the means of affording relief , by persons who had deserted merely from the terror of this punishment , and who felt the most ardent desire of returning to their ranks , if they could have been secure from this dreadful evil . He believed that the soldiers could not be left longer in such a state ; and he thought that the people of the country had been too indifferent hitherto on this subject ; and now , with shame he must con fess it , that it was with some justice that the punishment about which the country was so indifferent when confined to the regular army , had fallen upon the whole nation in all the classes in which they were liable to be called on for military 380 service . A noble lord had said upon a former debate , that he thought it almost impossible that a man could die of receiving 240 lashes . He , however , remembered to have read a speech of Baron Maseres , attorney-general of Canada , on the trial of some officers who had sentenced a soldier of the name of M 'Donald to receive 200 lashes , who after receiving 170 of them , was carried to the hospital , where after lingering for four days he died . In that speech the attorney-general for Canada stated , '' that when a man had been guilty in France of the murder of one of its sovereigns , ( Ravaillac for the murder of Henry the fourth ) the Council deliberated on a punishment adequate to the enormity of the crime . They even encouraged propositions to be made to them for that purpose ; and among others , a butcher proposed to flay the man alive , and keep him in that state three days be fore he should die . This proposal appeared to the council too barbarous even for so heinous a crime , and they contented themselves with breaking the regicide on the wheel , and keeping him two days on the rack . Now the officers of this regiment had , for an offence comparatively trivial , inflicted a more cruel death than the council of France could bear to hear of , even for the murder of a sovereign , and more barbarous than even the butcher could propose ; for he had only thought of keeping a man three days in torture , while those officers had flayed the man , and kept him four days in agony before he died . '' Such had been the feelings of a crown lawyer formerly , on such a punishment