pleasure . With regard to the increase of the civil list , on account of the Royal Family , undoubtedly a family so large as her Majesty the Queen had been blessed with , did require a large sum from the nation ; but it was unfair to consider the 218,000l . appropriated for this purpose , as an addition to the civil list expenditure , and to blend together in one list the expences of the younger branches of the family and the expences of the Prince of Wales . This was not a fair representation of the civil list . It was unfair to make any comparison between a civil list with the addition of so numerous a family , and a civil list before that family was in existence . The present situation of his Majesty naturally brought the present provision to the Princesses before the House . They were now equally , as in the case of his demise , deprived of the countenance and protection of their sovereign and their father . It was no doubt true , as had been stated by the right hon . gentleman , that the Princesses would be enabled to live with more splendour if they lived together ; but the House would surely not eke and measure out their bounty to them in such a way as to compel them to live together . It was highly probable , however , that they would continue to live as they had hitherto done . Such would undoubtedly be their wish , as it must be the wish of every body else . The right hon . gentleman again ( Mr. Ponsonby ) thought that nothing whatever ought to be done on the present occasion ; that the grant to the Princesses ought to be in a contingent situation so long as his Majesty should continue in existence , and that the Princesses , at whatever period of life they might be arrived , should always be necessarily resident in the house of the King and Queen . When the House , however , came to take into their consideration the situation of these persons , their lime of life , and the amiable character they had always maintained , he did not believe they would be inclined to deal with them in so hard a manner . It appeared to him , that there could indeed be no reasonable expectation that the result of any inquiries made by committees of that House , would point out any savings sufficient to supersede the necessity of coming to par- 138 liament for a provision for the Princesses , and it did not seem to him , therefore , to be proper , that the subject should be postponed till such an enquiry should be concluded . At all events , he thought the grant of what was necessary should be made now , and the savings which the committee should recommend might be made afterwards . rose to defend the alleged inconsistency in the speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Bennet ) who opposed the addition to the expenditure of the Civil List , and yet thought that an addition ought to be made to the income of the Princess Regent . It appeared to him , that in this there was no inconsistency ; because his honourable friend and himself had no doubt , that if the expenditure were properly looked into , such retrenchments might be made as would enable the Princess Regent to be put in a situation to maintain such a splendour , as was suitable to her high rank in this country . Surely in this there was no inconsistency ; and it was a fearful thing , and a just cause of alarm to the country , that notwithstanding all the grants which they had so lately made to the Prince Regent , if that happy restoration took place , an event which , every person in the country most anxiously looked to , the right hon . gentleman would still come down to the House with fresh demands on the people .