of his brother the duke of York ; backed as they believed them to be , and as they were by Jesuitical intrigues , by the emissaries of the court of Rome , and by the degrading and corrupt influence of the French monarch . They believed in the existence of plans for the subversion of the religion and liberties of the kingdom , and they did not hesitate to attribute to the Papists a participation in these designs . On the death of his first wife in the year 1671 , the duke of York declared himself a convert to the Romish faith . Shortly after the king issued his famous declaration of indulgence , where in of his own authority he suspended the execution of the laws against all nonconformists ; and it was generally believed that this measure was intended by the court , not so much for the relief of the Protestant dissenters as the Romish recusants . At its next meeting , parliament addressed the king against this declaration , and it ought to be remarked that the principal topic stated in the address is , that his majesty could not legally suspend the law in ecclesiastical matters without the consent of parliament . Soon after this , in 1672–3 , they passed the Test Act , by which these whom they thought the advisers and promoters of the arbitrary conduct of the court , were rendered incapable of serving the crown in places or 812 offices of any description . Let it be remembered that the duke of York , himself a Papist , was then about to marry a Popish princess ; that the Dutch war , into which commercial avidity had originally impelled the people , had not then been brought to a conclusion ; it had become extremely unpopular , and its continuance was attributed to French and Popish influence . From that time down to the year 1678 , the Commons contented themselves with votes and addresses against Recusants and Jesuits ; and we shall find that these proceedings always accompanied unpopular or corrupt measures on the part of the court , which were invariably attributed to that quarter from which all evil designs were supposed to emanate . In the year 1678 , parliament , moved or pretended to be moved by the alarms that agitated the public mind on account of the Popish plot , undertook to examine into that monstrous fabrication . One consequence of this examination was , the act for taking from Papists their seats in parliament . If any man in these days was to venture to declare himself a believer in the Popish plot , he would be laughed at as a visionary or a bigot—yet are there now to be found men who seriously warn us of the danger of discontinuing a policy that mainly proceeded from this foul and iniquitous source of treachery and falsehood . It is not to be forgotten , that about this time French influence was at its height , and that the king was justly believed to have been lately engaged in a correspondence with that court through Barillon , its ambassador , ( a correspondence that has covered his name with the stain of indelible infamy ) and that the country panted for war with France to annihilate this corrupt and Popish influence . I say , then , Sir , it was not because the Romanists were believers in a false creed ; it was not because they asserted the real presence in the sacrament , or on account of any of the speculative doctrines of their religion that they were subject to this persecution ; but it was because that faith was looked upon as the sure symbol of certain political opinions that were inconsistent with the liberty and religion of the country . It was not ( to use a remarkable distinction made by the earl of Bristol , himself a Catholic ) as Catholics of the Church , but of the Court of Rome , that the public indignation was excited against them , the heavy hand of the law raised