to keep down the indignation of the people . The horrors of the middle passage had led to the destruction of the Slave Trade , and the horrors of the present system of military punishment , he hoped , would soon lead to its abolition . It was a mode of punishment objectionable in the first place because its infliction was arbitrary : in the second , because it varied with the varying powers and feelings of the sufferer ; and in the third , because it had been proved to be utterly inefficacious as an example . Its abolition would greatly conduce to the good of the service by rendering recruiting more easy , and would be of advantage to the discipline of the army by freeing soldiers from that disgrace and debasement they were at present subject to . He concluded , therefore , with moving , `` That there be laid before the House a return of the number of Corporal Punishments inflicted in the army , in the militia , 375 and in the local militia during the last 7 years , up to January , 1812 , specifying the offences , where committed , and the number of lashes inflicted respectively . '' spoke against the motion . conceived , that if it was the object of the hon . mover to revive the debate on the question of corporal punishment , this object might be attained without acceding to the present motion . If the returns were desired merely for the purpose of examining whether there were any cases of abuse , he thought it hardly a fair proceeding ; and that the only ground which could induce the House to consent to the motion was the previous production of such cases . It certainly would not be difficult to procure the returns , because under the excellent system of management introduced and adopted by the commander in chief , the most minute records were preserved . The Present illustrious commander in chief had laboured incessantly to bring the discipline of the army to the highest possible state of perfection , and as speedily and generally as possible to do away corporal punishment ; but such an alteration could be effected only by degrees . There was much variety of opinion on the subject , even in the army ; and he believed if that whole body was consulted , whether corporal punishment should be altogether abolished , there would be as much difference on the subject among the men in the ranks , as among the officers who commanded them . No slur ought to be thrown on the administration of the army , without just cause . As to the effects of the punishment on the discipline of the army , what better answer could be given than to appeal to the character of that army , and the mutual attachment that prevailed between the officer and the soldier . His great objection to the revival of this discussion was , that it tended to unsettle the military mind , to lead the army to believe that there must be grievances , though to them unknown , which caused the subject to be so often agitated . He could not see how the abstract question could be elucidated or assisted by the production of these re turns ; and as he believed that no practical advantage could result from it , while its natural effect must be to impute remiss ness to the commander in chief , whose in defatigable attention to the welfare , interests and even comfort of the soldier was denied by none , he felt himself compelled to withhold his assent from the motion . said , he thought no thing could be farther from a slur on the army than the present motion . On the contrary , if such an account were annually laid on the table , it would , according to the hon . and learned gentleman 's account of the attention of the commander in chief to the army , redound more to his honour than any thing that could be done by