he should wish to revise the military code . But would he wish to do so without knowing what it was , and without information whether it required revision or not ? The return now sought for ought to be made , if gentlemen opposite were correct , in order to remove false impressions . Did any man say , that false statements , on such a subject , ought to be suffered to go out , while they were capable , by a fair view of the subject , of satisfactory explanation ? Was there ever an assembly of human beings so infatuated as to suffer such a statement to go forth ; preferring to cover facts in the veil of darkness , rather than to allow them to meet the light ; particularly when the production demanded was calculated to remove unpleasant impressions or surmises ? He could not forbear expressing his astonishment at his hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who agreeing in the desire to remove the evil complained of , still refused to be informed on the subject . He hoped his hon . friend would see the propriety of altering his opinion . As to his fear of the army looking to that House ; nothing , he thought , could be more natural than that they should look to parliament . Did not parliament legislate for them ? Did not parliament annually pass their Mutiny Act ? And was it not proper that parliament , and also the tribunals which sat to give effect to the legislative provisions enacted by parliament , should be informed of the consequences , beneficial or otherwise , produced by the regulations of the one , and adopted for the government of the other ? One of the greatest objections to the present system of military punishment was , that there was no limit to the punishment courts-martial might inflict , but the mercy of the members . They might order the infliction of 5 , or 5,000 lashes , without control , and it was most important , that they should in future know , what it was they did , and what they ought to do . He would be glad to be informed , what mischief was to be dreaded ? Was it discussion ? The other side of the House , by their resistance to this motion , provoked it , and , according to their own statement , the discussion 386 of this subject had produced the most important benefits , since within these few years , in consequence of it , corporal punishment had been greatly lessened . An hon . gentleman had said , that in the militia nothing was to be feared , because the officers were frequently magistrates , or had served upon the grand juries . How true this assertion was , might be gathered from the writings of military men , best acquaint ed with the subject , among whom was Sir Robert Wilson , who had stated expressly , that corporal punishment was more frequent in the militia , than in any other department of the service , and had supported his observation , by making it appear , that if as many men were continued to be so punished annually , as had hitherto suffered , for only six years , the whole 70,000 men would have undergone the inhuman sentence . With respect to the nature of the punishment , it was almost needless to quote the well known authority of judge Blackstone , who had declared that by the constitution of England simple death , un attended with any circumstances of torture , was the severest punishment that the law allowed ; the rack and the knout were unknown , and it remained for us by a refinement of cruelty to drive a man to the very verge of existence , a surgeon standing by to feel the pulse of the sufferer , and to pronounce when nature could bear no additional infliction , and when his soul was about to forsake his tortured body , to leap into