, to throw away the public money with one hand , while they were grinding the nation with taxation with the other . At a time when discontents convulsed the country—when ministers felt their weakness , and required support other than that of the people , that was indeed the fit period for establishing a military system for their protection , by the erection of barracks to keep down the national spirit in all the populous districts . Much was said of the hateful tyranny of Buonaparté , but was 1147 not the mode now pursued not only following his steps , but even outrunning him in the formation of a military despotism , to govern the people , not by law , but by the sword ? Were not the soldiers on the slightest occasions called in to keep down the people ? Did they not commit murders upon the people ? [ Order ! order ! order ! ] This was indeed a new , and an auspicious area [ Order ! ] Gentlemen might make what exclamations they pleased , but they should not drown his voice , which was only uttering the truth . spoke to order . He said that to assert that what the hon . baronet was stating was the truth , was casting an undeserved slur upon the army . denied that he was making any accusation against those who were compelled to act under the orders of their superiors . It was the administration of the country that he charged with employing the army to commit murders . desired that the hon . baronet 's words might be taken down . said , that he had no objection to any of his words being taken down ; but as the hon . general had called him to order without attempting to shew how he was out of order , and expressed a wish that his words should be taken down without moving for it regularly , he thought that it was rather the words of the hon . general which ought to be taken down . He would maintain that the act which was relied on , called the Riot Act , did not say any thing about soldiers , or authorise the magistrates to employ them as they had done , or give up a starving population to military execution . When he heard the Secretary to the Treasury argue , that it was a vicious system to keep the soldiers out of barracks , or to allow any free intercourse between them and the people , he could not but observe how totally the constitutional opinions of our ancestors had been departed from in the present times . Such doctrines would have filled our forefathers with horror and affright , and against such sentiments he must ever protest . Was it in this new era that the Prince Regent was to be told by his ministers , that the foundations of the British throne ought not to rest in the affections of the people , but on an army ? At former periods of our history , and in the most successful reigns , such had not been the policy of the country . When Queen Elizabeth was asked by the Spanish minister , where were her 1148 guards , she pointed to the people in the streets , and said , `` These are my guards , and by their affections I am best protected . '' The ministers , however , now might think proper to tell the Prince Regent that he was safe only when surrounded with soldiers . It would be found however , by referring to history , that those sovereigns were more secure , and more beloved who relied on their people , than those who relied on armies . Who brought Charles I to the block ? It was an army , and an army levied by parliament , but which afterwards turned out the same parliament . Who restored Charles 2 ? —An army—a small part of Cromwell 's army . Nevertheless Charles 2 wished to rely upon them , but