a decided preponderance in this House . How will the grateful hearts of the people of Ireland rejoice to find so powerful , so animated a defender—in the son of the archbishop of York—in a man who must be thoroughly informed on the subject , and who would never utter a sentiment of injurious tendency towards that establishment , over which his venerable father presides—under whose careful eye he has been educated—from whom his principles have been derived . Have there then been no novelties in this debate ? But , Sir , there is another striking novelty in the debate of this night , for the noble lord opposite to me ( lord Castlereagh ) has not yet spoken . That noble lord on one occasion declared , that he would never return to place unless to carry the question of Catholic emancipation . The noble lord , however , did return to place when he knew he could not carry the question of Catholic emancipation . Though we had the benefit of his speech for us on a former occasion , we were deprived of his vote on the plea of scruples existing in the royal mind . Those scruples are now out of the question ; and I ask the noble lord why he has remained silent during the present discussion ? I will try to provoke the noble lord to speak.—The noble lord has said that he never would return to place and power , unless he could carry the question of the Catholic claims ; but the noble lord has thrice accepted place and power , with his pledge unredeemed ; and lastly , he has taken office in an administration under the guidance of a right hon . gentleman who has de dared himself inexorably hostile to those claims ; in one part of his speech , indeed , 997 he told us , that he spoke only his own sentiments , yet , before he finished , affirmed that he and his colleagues were unanimous on the question , and that the very Union between the two countries caused by the influence of the Catholics , on the conviction expressed or strongly implied of their approaching emancipation , would be an eternal barrier against conceding it . I ask the noble lord if he accedes to that statement of unanimity ? Does the noble lord conceive it to be consistent with his former declarations , to make one of an administration who are thus unanimous against a measure , the hope of which he formerly held out as the indispensable means of carrying the Union ? —Sir , the noble lord is well known to Ireland , and Ireland is well known to him . At the period of the Union , when the marquis Cornwallis presided the government of that country , the noble lord was the minister for Ireland ; and it has been repeatedly alleged , in support of the Catholic cause , and never denied , that the express condition on which the Catholics consented to the Union , ( and it could not have been effected without their consent ) , was that their claims should be considered . This it was said could not be done in the parliament of Ireland , but it was promised that it should be one of the first propositions brought forward in the united parliament , after the Union should be complete . The noble lord was the man through whom this agreement was negociated with the leaders of the Catholic body . The noble lord knew that Mr. Pitt was decidedly favourable to Catholic emancipation , and , if I am not misinformed , he drew up a plan for carrying this great object into effect . After the measure of the Union was carried , however , new and unexpected obstacles arose ; but so conscious were Mr. Pitt and his noble colleague of the pledge which they had given to the Catholics , that , finding they were prevented from submitting the question to parliament as a government measure , they retired from office , to which they