restriction ? Will any man pretend to say that it gives that power no temporal influence which claims a right to decide upon the legality of marriages ? It is a play upon words if it is contended that the present law of the land does not give such a power to the temporal authority of the state . If , therefore , you were to attempt to take away this power from the spiritual authority of the Catholic Church , will they not complain of it as a grievance ? It is said also , that excommunication gives them no temporal power . I say that power must necessarily be a temporal power ; because though it is nominally called a religious power , it is nothing without the temporal power to enforce it ; and it is impossible for you to separate the spiritual supremacy from the temporal supremacy , because 762 they must necessarily be intimately and immediately connected . Such powers never existed separately , consistent with each other , in any state . Now , in Papal Rome , the priests and others had a very great temporal influence : and I say that they must always have even a greater power than is permitted by the laws of this state ; and they will have that power to a certain degree in opposition to all your laws and all your securities , as long as the doctrine of auricular confession remains a part of their tenets . That doctrine will always have a very great influence in whatever part of his Majesty 's dominions it is exercised by the priesthood . I can not conceive how it is possible , in a religion like this , to separate temporal influence from spiritual autherity , because they are so intimately blended together , that one is nothing without the other . Sir , I have trespassed a long time on the attention of the House ; but I trust that in giving my vote against this motion , I shall not be considered as an enemy to the Catholics ; and that I vote against it because I think they can not , under the present circumstances of the times , be trusted with the possession of political power . —The sentiment expressed by the right hon . gentleman who has just sat down , are so much in opposition to my own , `` hat I feel myself called upon to give some reply to them I can assure the House that I am disposed to trespass upon their patience as little as possible , considering the extent and importance of the subject , and that it is not my intention to produce , as heretofore , voluminous documents in support of my own opinions . My wish is principally to lead the attention of the House to that kind of investigation , which , in my apprehension , is best suited to reel those prejudices which may be considered , in no small degree , as hereditary , and which in the minds of but too many , will probably be aggravated by the statement of the right hon . gentleman : —my wish is also to endeavour to set the minds of others , as my own is , at rest , as to any dangerous consequences to be apprehended from further concessions to the petitioners , even to the full extent to which the argument of my right hon . friend who moved the question was disposed to carry them : —provided such measures of concomitant 763 legislation are adopted , as do , in fact , constitute a material feature of the state policy of every other nation , and have not been less in the view of our Catholic ancestors , than they ought to be in our own , at the present hour . The right hon . and learned gentleman has again recurred to the pontifical oath , taken by bishops at their consecration , as pregnant , in his opinion , with every mischief , on account of the unqualified obedience sworn to the Pope ;