continuing to pursue the same line , they would entitle themselves to further indulgence.—But now their petitions were urged in avowed contempt of the law , and in open defiance of the authority of the government . The objections to their claims arose not only from what was their conduct , but also from what were their demands . They demanded high situations in the law , the army , and the navy : `` give them those situations , '' said their advocates , `` and they will be satisfied . '' But were we sure of that ? Were we sure that when these claims were conceded , fresh claims would not be advanced ? Did they not say that they would be satisfied with the concessions in 1793 : and yet had they been so Had they not since offered pledges of security , which they subsequently withdrew ? Their demands indeed now , were ; something like those of the beggar in Gil Blas , who levelled a musquet to enforce the charity he solicited . It remained , therefore , a question for their lordships ' decision , whether they would hazard introducing the Catholics in to the govern- 87 ment of the country , disposed as they were , not to concede the guards that were requisite ; and looking thus at one most important feature of the motion , he thought it utterly impossible for their lordships to entertain it . It would be , indeed , in his opinion only an insult to carry up an Address to the Prince Regent , worded as that was which had been submitted to them ; and if a fresh Address were substituted , it would require the mature consideration of their lordships before it could be voted . had not entirely made up his mind as to the vote he should give on the question when he came down to the House . He should certainly have fell unwilling to interfere with a branch of the prerogative , by presuming to influence the opinion of the Prince in the choice of his ministers , and he was glad that no such idea could be deduced either from the motion itself , or from the arguments of his noble friends . Yet , if nothing else but the removal of the present ministers could give the Roman Catholics of Ireland any prospect of obtaining a redress of their grievances , he thought , that such a change ought to be rapturously hailed by the whole country . He was of the same opinion as his lamented friend ( Mr. Fox , ) that the measure could never be carried without the concurrence of administration , and the speech of the noble lord , who had just sat down , had removed all doubts as to the intentions of the present administration , if any doubts could have still been entertained . The noble lord had stated , that the broad and unqualified principle of excluding the Roman Catholics of Ireland from the benefits of the constitution , without even giving them a glimmering ray of hope , had been adopted by ministers ; and he had attempted to justify that conduct , by the most unjustifiable assertions . To these he could not tamely listen . The noble lord had stated , that the Roman Catholics of Ireland acted in contempt of the law , and in open defiance of the authority of government ; this he denied , and he called on the noble lord to substantiate his assertions by proofs.—There was , indeed , a nice point of law still left undecided , which might come by way of appeal before their lordships in their judicial capacity ; but this did not authorise the noble lord to decide the question at once , especially when they had heard a high authority ( lord Erskine ) declare , that the Catholic Convention was not contrary to 88 law . The noble lord had urged to the House , that an indirect attempt to remove ministers ought to be considered as an encroachment on the