very proportion . This was a step perfectly novel in legislature ; and should the Bill pass , it would turn out that a man , a tenant for instance , now bound to pay 122l . by virtue of a special contract , would be authorised by parliament to pay only 100l Indeed the measure was one of such manifest injustice , that he thought government must have had some secret and powerful motive to propose it . Probably they meant to destroy altogether the standard on which people were enabled to judge of the depreciation of paper currency , which standard was kept up by the price of gold coin in Ireland , A standard more imperfect would 200 still exist , was true , in the course of foreign exchanges ; but this was not within the reach of every one ; and by keeping from the view of the people the true standard of value to which they had been long accustomed ; ministers would be able to carry their system of delusion to almost any length . It was as necessary to the welfare of society to keep always in view the standard of marketable value as well as any other ; as for instance , the standards of weight , length , and capacity for the sale of goods ; and by taking away the standard of gold coin for marketable value , no scale would be left on which prospective bargains or contracts could possibly be executed . Notwithstanding all these weighty objections , he was willing to let the bill go into a Committee , in hopes that they might be discussed with better effect , but without pledging himself any further . He hoped above all things that in the Committee another standard of marketable value would be recognised besides paper currency . did not think it necessary to enter at large , for the present , on the merits of the Bill . He admired the ingenuity of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , but his arguments did not carry conviction , because he always fell short of the object in view ; he pointed out evils , which he magnified , but never suggested a remedy . The noble lord did not see that the extension of the measure to Ireland was attended with such insuperable difficulties , as to deter parliament from completing a system deemed necessary for the prosperity of the empire . He should deceive the House , were he to deny that difficulties existed ; but they were not of the nature represented . He must , for instance , contradict the idea which seemed to have been entertained , that a double price for goods , the one in gold coin and the other in paper , existed all over Ireland . It was said , indeed , that the traffic in guineas was pretty general throughout that country , as it was in England . This could not be denied . But there were not generally two prices stipulated in a contract ; the practice , on the contrary , was , in that respect , the same as in this country . The question , therefore , as to payments in gold stipulated by contract in Ireland , was reduced to three or four counties , which stood as an anomaly , and in which the practice of stipulating for payments in gold had long subsisted . But , even in that case , the 201 question had been very much narrowed of late ; for within eight , or seven years at least , bargains had uniformly been made for payment in notes . There remained only rents , for which , according to the old system , payment was to be made in gold . In this the only difficulty existed ; and whatever measure the House thought fit to adopt , the noble lord was sure that it must be attended with some sacrifice of individual interest . As to the signatures to the Petition he had presented to the House , and which had