lend no helping hand to the delusion , any more than to the ruin of the people . He knew nothing more likely to prove destructive to the safety and greatness of the people than the prevalence ' of a different doctrine . He did not confound the visitations of Providence , with the decrees of France , or the measures of the right hon . gentleman . But he knew that thousands of manufacturers were now out of employment , and that tens of thousands were now working at reduced wages , which scarcely sufficed to procure them subsistence . Was he , when he declared this , telling the hungry man that he had no bread ? He knew that an unreformed House of Commons had approved of all the proceedings of the right hon . gentleman , and of all his Orders in Council , but he knew too , that the people and the merchants out of the House , were , in every part of the kingdom , of very different opinions . Was not this table already covered with petitions , that daily multiplied ; and had he indeed abandoned all his patriotism , when he stated this ? As to what he had said with respect to peace , how was it possible for him to speak positively as to the fitness of the present moment , 311 but how could any time be found appropriate , unless the experiment were made ? Would the right hon . gentleman , looking back to that history in which he was so well read , pronounce it to be his opinion , 'that we were hereafter likely to obtain ; such desirable conditions of peace as ; might have been obtained at any former periods ! The right hon . gentleman boasted of our being the great and only barrier to Buonaparté 's desire of universal dominion . On this point there could be no dispute ? why were we so ? Because it was the policy of the authors of this and the preceding war which had made us so ; which had first made Buonaparté consul for life , and afterwards in alliance with his own talents , had made him emperor , and had enabled him to trample upon every : hostile state . The same errors and fallacies were still circulating and still believed ; one day Prussia was said to be arming against Prance , on another she was described as uniting her force to that of France , to assist in crushing the only independent state remaining on the continent . It was his duty , then , to ask the people to be misled no longer by the fatal policy of ministers ; and he would ask the right hon . gentleman himself , not to become the victim of his own infatuation , by bringing the country to the end of its resources . He believed the period must soon arrive-when this would be the case . He should be sorry if any thing had fallen from him that might bear an interpretation foreign to his intentions , but he had deemed it an impressive duty to enter into this avowal of his sentiments . declared , that every offensive impression which the hon . gentleman had made , more on the feelings of his hon . friends than on his own , was completely removed . He had certainly not attributed to the hon . gentleman that which he imagined him to have done . As to the question immediately before the House , he held it to be desirable that in populous towns the soldiery ought rather to be kept apart , than to be quartered on the people . The hon . gentleman had again alluded to the Orders in Council ; but could they be said to prevent the importation of corn , when it was generally known that , notwithstanding their operation , eight millions had been paid last year for foreign corn imported ? The fact was , that the scarcity was felt as severely in France at present as in