individual recommending one of them had signed the Protestant Petition . I say , that another person who was actually understood to be appointed , did signify to the Irish government , that having also signed the Petition , he apprehended he should be deemed an improper person to fulfil the duties , as his predecessor was rendered incapable on a similar account . I know that individuals possessing public situations , I will not say directly , but indirectly , received menaces from the government , that they should forfeit their places if they favoured the Petition . I know , too , that the partizans of government have held out threats to people , if they suffered the Petition even to remain in their houses ; the terrors of inflicted vengeance have been used in the most undisguised manner for the avowed purpose of defeating the Petition . Under all these circumstances it stands a proud proof of the rapidly extending liberality of the Protestants of Ireland in favour of Catholic Emancipation . It is to me an extreme gratification to state , that the most numerous signatures are obtained from the north of Ireland , the inhabitants of which are peculiarly Protestant . I am the more proud of it , because it shews a change of opinion in the only part of Ireland formerly most opposed to this measure : it is a change to be well considered by his Majesty 's ministers , because it proves that the Protestants as well as Catholics are now united in the cause . I have said that it is signed very numerously ; but the names are not nearly so numerous as they would have been , if the Petition had been circulated among the lower classes . In several districts the signatures only of persons of considerable property are affixed to it , a circumstance very much to be regretted ; because , in a case like the present , it would have been desirable to have ascertained thus unequivocally the sense of the middle , as well as the higher order of Protestants . The persons who had the management of it were , however , desired to apply only for the signatures of persons of landed property ; and although it is swelled by the names of several thousands , it is not , for this reason , of such magnitude as it would otherwise have appeared . I should remark also , that there 484 are several parts of Ireland , to which , from accidental circumstances , the Petition was not sent ; but where , had it been otherwise , it would have met with very extensive support . In some parts many signatures have been obtained which have not been affixed to this Petition ; for , by letters I have received to day , I find that since I quilted Ireland , several copies of it have been signed most respectably in the county of Down , which is more peculiarly a Protestant district . Under these circumstances I feel myself authorized , not only to beg permission to bring this Petition up , that it may be laid upon the table , but to recommend to the House to receive it with serious attention , as containing the decided sentiments of the uninfluenced and independent part of the Protestant proprietors of Ireland . .—Sir ; after what has fallen from the right hon . gentleman , I can not avoid offering a few observations to the House . As the right hon . gentleman has Stated that the Petition was signed by a great majority of the Protestants of Ireland , I am not disposed to dispute the assertion ; but I am much surprised , notwithstanding ; and it is the first time I have ever heard , that the majority of resident Protestants in Ireland were supposed to be favourable to the claims of the Catholics . I know , indeed , that great pains has been taken to promote signatures ; but I can assure the right hon . gentleman , that if the zeal of