taken from the crown ? It could not . The influence must remain . There might be regulations ; but the influence could not be done away . As to the direct influence , he conceived that the present measure , as amended , would tend to decrease it . It did not go so far as he could wish ; but he approved of it , as it was founded on the principle of economy , and held out a sort of promise , he trusted he might say a pledge , which be hoped would be supported , that the House would seriously set to work to do away those abuses , which it was their power to remove . His noble friend had observed , that the gilt of a place in reversion was not so likely to create influence as one in possession But he ( earl Grey ) believed , that if one of the tellerships of the Exchequer now became vacant , the monarch would have it in his power to grant it both in possession and reversion . He wished the amount of the saving that would be produced to the public was likely to be greater , but , however small it might be , he considered the principle as entitled to support . He would be as unwilling as any man to hold cut to the people any lure which might divert their attention from objects of greater magnitude—but he thought it a strange mode of reasoning , when the country complained of great evils , and a measure calculated to do some good was proposed , that it should not be supported , because its operation was not very extensive . If the people saw , as on former occasions , that the whole power of the government was exerted in opposition to a measure which that government itself spoke of as unimportant , what hope could they have of succeeding in having their weightier grievances redressed ? On many points he was at 267 variance with the present administration ; but what he blamed them most for was this , that they had opposed every measure introduced for the reformation of public abuses . No administration could hope to obtain the real confidence of the crown and of the people , that would not assist , not only in reforming the abuses which were connected with the Bill before them , but those which had crept into the constisution of the legislature itself . His lordship concluded by stating his concurrence in the amendment . disclaimed any hostility to economical reform , and said , he believed he had nut stated any one principle , in the course of what had fallen from him , incompatible with as strong a desire for substantial economy as that by which his noble friend was actuated . The matter at issue was this—whether the Bill would produce any particle of economy ? It held out a prospect of a future economical reform . But it was rather unfortunate , that , five years since , it held out the same prospect , but to this day no good had been effected by it . They were , however , informed , that the Bill now pending in the Other House would fully bring into effect all the benefits of actual economy . For his own part , he thought the attention of the public had much better be directed to subjects of real radical reform.—Substantial measures for curbing the influence of the crown would be of much greater service , than those which held out a hope , but gave no relief whatever to the public . He contended that the direct influence of the crown in the two Houses of Parliament was diminished . But though that was the fact , he admitted that the private influence , throughout the country , had increased to an extent which threatened to overthrow the constitution . did not mean to discuss the principle of the Bill , bat would confine himself to a few observations on the amendment , and on the observations