were to introduce French laces , lawns , linens , & c. to enter into competition with our own articles of the same description . There was also this gross inequality , that by these licences the French would be enabled to export goods of the value of S or 4,000l . per ton , while we only exported to the value of 5l . in return . How could a trade of this sort be justified ? And , indeed , when talking of it to some most strenuous supporters of ministers , they seemed completely staggered by the proposition . On the subject of the collection of taxes , he differed from his hon . friend ( Mr. Creevey ) and was rather disposed to give ministers credit for exacting them more equally in places where too great lenity had been previously shewn . It was the duty of the government to take care that the burthens of the country should be equally borne . in explanation , denied that he stated that the shipping of Liverpool was in a prosperous state , nor had he said 116 that the shipping in the ports of London was so . The transports had increased from 19 to 23s . per ton . He believed he was correct in that statement ; sure he was that the price of transports was considerably more than in former years . A '' to the trade with France , he had stated that he had reason to believe that some trade would be opened , but to what extent he could not tell , nor indeed was the subject a fit one to discuss now . If the right hon . gentleman will enquire at the Transport Board , he will find himself mistaken as to the price of transport tonnage . replied , that he had enquired , and the hon . gentleman would find himself entirely mistaken in his statement . conceived the House would not think he acted correctly , were he to allow the observations of the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Creevey ) to pass unnoticed . The tone and manner of the hon . gentleman , when talking of the appointment of the District Inspector of Liverpool , must have impressed on the House an opinion that he felt most warmly for some old client , as the hon . gentleman was pleased to term this surveyor , to whom he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had owed a good turn for former favours , and therefore thought the best thing that could be done for old friendship was to get hint to surcharge his fellow townsmen , for which purpose he had appointed him to a situation in which he might carry his object into effect . So the hon . gentleman wished the House to understand . It appeared from the statement of the hon . gentleman , that this old client and new protege , so anxious to carry on his purpose , had under him a person of very delicate nerves , who , not being able to follow his superior officer in his duties , had thought I proper to resign . Now , with respect to this attorney and client , he had no knowledge whatever , but he did recollect something of the gentleman under him of delicate nerves—the same , he supposed , from whom the hon . gentleman had collected his correct information—who had been called upon to account for some misconduct , and this call had so alarmed him , that he had thought it better to resign.—He did recollect that another person was appointed upon the recommendation of Mr. Lowndes , and that person , he imagined , was the old client spoken of , but of whom he had not the most distant recollection . Now , it would become the hon . gentleman , 117 before he roundly asserted any thing for fact , a little to suspect the accuracy of his informant , especially when that informant was a discarded surveyor . If he had made a bargain with an old