any circumstance that tends to disaffection , the state has a right to interfere ; but in that case , it is not the religion that the state touches , but the disaffection , and here that circumstance does not exist , because here we have practical proofs of allegiance ; you have read the public papers , you have seen the Gazette : with every repugnance to enquire into the state of the people of Ireland , there are some things which you must know ; you know they are fighting and dying in your service , and in this knowledge you learn the falshood of the calumnies which were once offered against their pretensions ; and what is more—Oh shame to relate it ! admitted as evidence ; their opponents said that no Irish Catholic could be loyal to a prince of the House of Hanover ; they said , that the Irish Catholic must ever hate an Englishman . They were not aware that they implied that the British government had made itself hated in Ireland , and had misgoverned our country from the beginning ; they said that the Pope claimed in these realms a temporal power , that he claimed a deposing power , that he 730 claimed a power to dispense with moral obligations ; they said that oaths did not bind the Catholic , and that Protestants and Catholics could never amalgamate ; their charges were calumnies , the common calumnies of a scolding sect ; they were received as evidence notwithstanding , they were answered by the impossibility of their truth ; had they been true , the Christian religion could not have existed an hour ; had they been true , the Catholic states must have come long ago to moral and political dissolution : they were also answered , ( they need not have been answered , ) by six Catholic universities , Paris , Douay , Alcala , Valladolid , Louvain , Salamanca , the best authority upon the subject . I need not refer to the answers , they refuted their calumniators , to silence them was impossible ; they state that the Pope had no temporal power in these countries ; they state that he has no deposing power , and regarding the charge of no faith with heretics , they repel the imputation with horror and contempt . These charges are also refuted by the oaths of the Catholics , which the Protestant legislature had made the test of their loyalty . See the oath of 1793 ; and by another , by the best possible answer , by an answer that sets misinterpretation at defiance , and refutes false logic by sound fact ; —by the practical allegiance of the Catholic : you have that evidence before you , you see it in the dispatches which recite your battles ; you yourselves , without knowing , have decided upon the fact . What are your votes of parliament returning thanks to the Catholics in the army and navy ? What are they but the verdict of the English parliament in favour of their allegiance ? But those votes of parliament that pronounce the Catholic to be innocent , pronounce the legislature that disqualifies them to be guilty . Here stand , on one side the parliament , with a penal sentence in its hand , and on the other , the Catholic , with an acquittal by that very parliament ; thus under your own authority is the Catholic acquitted , and the parliament convicted . With this practical evidence of their allegiance , and this your own seal and sanction , you have divers Protestant Petitions in their favour ; these Petitions are prayers for their privileges , and evidences for their character : and , first , where are the Petitions against them ? Where are the Petitions from the city of London ? Where are those instruments that were to have overlaid your table ? Your countrymen have 731 not come here to mock the calamities of the state , by Petitions to defend England at this perilous moment against the Pope