no pay , and consequently the charge of his concerts was but trifling . He knew persons of great consideration who were in the habit of attending these concerts , but he had never gone to one , lest he should seem to give his sanction to such doings . The only time he was ever in Mr. Chinnery 's house was , when he went to stand god-father to that young man , with whose name the public were familiar ( Mr. Chinnery , jun . ) When a Bill was brought in two years ago by the hon . baronet opposite , he had endeavoured-to frame it to meet cases like the present , and he thought at that time that if he could be aid hold of , Mr. Chinnery might be the first affected by that Bill . He was not aware that this subject would be touched upon , or he would have brought the correspondence which had taken place on the subject with him , to shew how anxious he had been to induce Mr. Chinnery to change his conduct , not only within the last one or two years , but for the last 14 or 15 years . thought the mode of issuing money was highly improper . If the right hon . gentleman opposite would not suggest a plan , he would , on a future day , make a motion to that effect . said , that a change which had been made in that department would be a security against the recurrence of such an accident . He meant , that the clerks should be audited every quarter . had no doubt but government was at present perfectly awake to the disease , he might say , consumption , 195 which had been preying on them for so many years . But , in his opinion , there was nothing that could give a check to it but constant auditing . The two persons , who filled the situation of auditors , he had the greatest confidence in , he meant Mr. Thompson , third secretary to the Treasury , and Mr. Cotton , chief cleric under him ; they were both fully capable of their office ; but accounts ought to be oftener examined . , entertaining the same objections he had always professed to the measure in contemplation , which objections were still strengthened by the new clauses added to the Bill , could not forbear enforcing them again , even in that early stage of the measure . The Bill , as it stood , went to give to the paper of a company , the same currency as to the coin of the realm , and to make those notes a legal tender in every instance , without providing any additional security against forgery , or against any excessive issue which might , and would still further depress them . The system of paper circulation was not new , it had been at some period or other attempted by most nations in Europe , and its invariable consequence had been to entail bankruptcy on government , and ruin and misery on thousands of innocent individuals . The same effects might be expected , or at least apprehended , in this country , from the Bill then before the House ; and it was the bounden duty of the representatives of the people to pause and consider , whether or not the present paper currency meant to be established was so far different from all others , as to avert the apprehension of those evils which experience had taught us to expect . He was not , however , so sanguine as to hope , that the provisions of the present Bill could answer that purpose . He saw no additional security against forgery , and while he was willing to do ample justice to the ingenuity of the means by which the Bank had contrived to protect themselves , he must observe , at the same time , that as those means were secret , that very secresy , far from affording any additional security