I will not here omit to recal to the recollection of the House . We profess to think it incompatible with the security of the constitution , that the crown , ( though Protestant ) should be entrusted with the discretion of admitting Catholics into the higher class of military appointments . Let us examine , then , our consistency , in such apprehensions . In Ireland , as the law at present stands , promotion in the navy is open to Catholics without any restriction . The squadron riding at this moment in Cork harbour might be manned and officered by Catholics , and might be under Catholic command , though , by another strange anomaly , if those Catholics should be brought , by the exigencies of service , to Portsmouth , they would be liable to the penalties of the English laws . The coasts of Ireland , as the House well know , are full of ports and havens , and present innumerable maritime advantages ; and if at any future period it should be our policy to avail ourselves of such resources , and establish dock yards and naval arsenals in that part of the United Kingdom , all that portion of our strength might be placed by the crown under Catholic direction and controul : yet it seemed to be admitted , that under this state of the law there was no ground for fear . In Ireland , also , the crown might have in its service , Catholic soldiers , Catholic non-commissioned officers , Catholic subalterns , captains , majors , lieutenant-colonels , and colonels . There was no law ( at least of which he was apprized ) which compels the . King to put any proportion of his army under the charge of a general . His Majesty might combine his military forces as he chose : he might place ten regiments or twenty regiments together ; and they might , in Ireland , be Catholic regiments ; and they would be under the command of the senior officer , and the senior officer might be a Catholic ; and all this is allowed to be perfectly safe . But , if it were proposed , that his Majesty ( though we have the guard of an annual Mutiny Bill ) should be enabled to appoint that Catholic colonel to the situation of a general on the staff , then fall upon us the terrors of Popery , the dread of the revival of the flames of Smithfield , and of the renovation of the tribute of St. Peter 's pence ; Now I would appeal to the sober judgment and reflection of those who hear me , whether at a conjuncture , in which there 873 is neither vexation nor exaction , that we scruple to impose upon the people for augmenting the ranks of our army , there is any sense or security in such regulations ? Whether , at least , the subject is one which the House can refuse to consider . I might likewise , I believe , venture to ask , whether there has been any sense , or morality , or religion in the hateful and incendiary cry of No Popery ! —My right hon . and learned friend , and several other gentlemen , in the course of the debate , have dwelt much on the topic of securities , and particularly on the Veto . For my own part , I have always earnestly deprecated the notion of entering into preliminary disputes upon points which are more properly objects of compromise than of controversy . No doubt there are , on both sides , many and strong prejudices to be overcome , and I ardently hope to see a mutual spirit of concession . Let , however , the House go into an enquiry : they will then be enabled to decide , whether any , and , if any , what conditions may be necessary , and whether such guards may not be devised as will be satisfactory both to Protestants and Catholics . Upon such informed judgment let them