concession would seem as if the legislature were to yield to turbulence and clamour . Upon this point , whatever I know , I shall be , silent at present ; but it can not be too much to ask of your lordships , that if you are pre-determined to pass sentence upon the hopes and prayers of your Catholic fellow-subjects , you will , at least , mitigate the severity of that sentence—at least sanction your decision under the name and authority of a full parliamentary enquiry ; ( Repeated cheers from both sides of the House ) and instead of appearing to make this a question of triumph and victory , you will make it a question of truth ; and not one merely 612 for the purpose of filling up an administration to procure the confidence of the sovereign . A noble earl near me ( earl Grey ) on a recent occasion , in a speech which was not less eminently distinguished for glowing eloquence—for vigorous reasoning , and classic taste , than for honest sincerity and manly candour , has said , — '' You talk to me of security against the Catholics ! I ask you to point me out the danger . '' I will even go farther and say , `` Shew me the present security in withholding what the Catholics claim ? ( Cheer * of approbation . ) Nearly the whole of the Irish nation are aggrieved on account of their religion , under the supposition that that religion contains doctrines and tenets which are dangerous to the state , but which doctrines and tenets the Catholics themselves deny and abjure . They are , however , on this ground excluded in a certain degree from enjoying promotion in the army , from seats in parliament , from the situation of magistrates ; and I ask , is this not a state more likely to excite the dangers apprehended , than any concession claimed by the petitioners ? The Catholics of England , whose pacific demeanour no man ever attempted to suspect , and who had not at least the argument of numbers against them , are in a condition of still greater privations ; and yet they are precluded even with greater severity by the same proscriptive sentence . In all the discussions upon this subject , amongst the many extraordinary propositions I have heard in defence of this system , it has been urged that these restrictions arose out of a general rule of state , universal in its operation , not acting by favour or partiality , but without exception ; and it is therefore asked why the Catholics in particular should complain of hardships ? But it happens , unfortunately for those who thus agree , that when the case is examined , the tests referred to are such as the larger part of the people have no objection to be tried by ; but it is found that those who would seek for seats in parliament , and eligibility to certain offices , are debarred by oaths , which some of them can not take , consistently , with their religious faith , their principles , or their honour . The Roman Catholics have made a public declaration of their religious sentiments , and published it to the world ; but still the barrier is opposed to them , unless they do that which amounts to an abandonment of 613 their religious creed , and the point repeatedly insisted on is , that they have no right to complain , because the test is imposed upon all subjects . Such then is this equality of operation ! Here we find exemplified this boasted absence of all partiality ! The noble earl opposite to me shakes his head ; but I will endeavour to satisfy his doubts of my argument , by putting a case , — Suppose for instance , the office of President of the Council were vacant , as it was a short time since , and that the test proposed to those who were chosen to fill it ran thus—— `` I