increase . A permanent increase of the civil list , to the amount of 70,000l . had afterwards been granted , under the supposition that it would defray all the charges of the former civil list , and that the Princesses would derive the same support from it , and continue to live with the Queen . But it was said now , in support of the present motion , that possibly they would not continue to live with their royal mother . He called upon the right hon . gentleman to reconcile the inconsistency of his different statements . He called upon him to state , what reasons he had to think that the Princesses would not continue to live as they had hitherto done . To the increase of the annuities , considering the change of the times , he would not perhaps have a material objection ; but the anticipation of those annuities was a question widely different . The Princeses might continue to live with the Queen ; his Majesty might still live many years , while the Princesses could enjoy the annuities intended for them by former acts of parliament , only on the demise of their royal father . On these grounds , and however willing he was , and should be at all times , to contribute to the comforts and splendour of the royal family , he must vote against the motion . thought the proposed measure was due to the Princesses , from the situation in which they stood , and the distinguished and amiable characters they possessed . He certainly was of opinion , that if the enquiry into the civil list was gone into , the charge might be provided for without laying any additional burthen on the people , but in the mean time he could not suspend his vote . His right hon . friend who had just spoken , had asked upon what pretence the anticipation could be justified ? he would answer , on the situation in which the Princesses stood , on the wish they must feel to be relieved from the daily observation of domestic calamity within the walls of the palace . The country was called upon , from a consideration of their age and situation , to make the grant . He had lived in the neighbourhood of the Princesses , had witnessed their charily , and heard of the good they did in the neighbourhood around them , and would consent most willingly to afford them the means of continuing 135 their benefactions . He separated the question entirely from that of the civil list , : and should give his vote in favour of it with the most heartfelt satisfaction . said , in reply to what ; had fallen from a right hon . gentleman , that , as chairman of the committee on the ; civil list expenditure , he should certainly ; apply to the House for leave to examine persons as well as consider documents , if it should be found necessary for the elucidation of the subject referred to the examination of the committee . conceived that the present application to parliament for additional sums to the royal family , while there were so many indications of distress throughout almost every part of the country , was exceedingly ill timed . At any rate , when an application was made on account of the Princesses , he hoped the right hon . gentleman opposite would give them some information , why no suitable provision was to be proposed for the Princess of Wales , the wife of the Prince Regent . He asked the right hon . gentleman , because he was aware , that no one knew more of the subject than he did—no one was more in the secret of what was called `` the Delicate Investigation . '' Why was `` he now , as wife of the Prince Regent , not to have the same state , the same drawing rooms , and the same splendour , as the wife of the King ? What was there that had happened