declared they never would return , unless they should be empowered to redeem it . Now , I ask , and I hope to hear from the noble lord , why he has relinquished this condition , and why he has again leagued himself with an administration which , according to the statement of the right hon . gentleman , is unanimous in resisting the Catholic claims ? One part of the noble lord 's plan , ( to 998 which I have before alluded , ) for preserving tranquillity in Ireland after the Union , was , as I understand , to provide for the Catholic priesthood . And now , twelve years after the Union has been effected , we are told by the colleagues of the noble lord , `` If you provide further for the education and maintenance of the Catholic clergy of Ireland , you , in fact , transfer the establishment of the Protestant Church to the Catholics . '' Sir , may I be permitted to call to the recollection of the House , the period at which the honourable pledges , which I have mentioned , were originally plighted to the Catholics of Ireland ? It was in the year 1798 , when a rebellion existed in that country . The noble lord has repeatedly assured us , in this House , that that rebellion was not a Catholic rebellion . The learned Doctor , one of the noble lord 's associates , in opposing my right hon . friend 's motion , assures us , on the contrary , not only that that rebellion was a Catholic rebellion , but that every other rebellion that ever took place in Ireland has been a Catholic rebellion . Leaving these high authorities to reconcile this mutual contradiction as they can , I may be permitted to hope , that the learned Doctor will allow , that Ireland is not exclusively the portion of the empire in which rebellions have occurred ; and , at least , the rebellion of Scotland , in 1745 , was not a rebellion of Irish Catholics , nor was it aided by them . They took no advantage of the perilous state of the country . Sir , the noble lord has told us heretofore , that he saw the different cabals of Ireland in a flame , without knowing who might be the victims ; and that he was persuaded the Union was the only measure to put an end to the mischief . He bought the parliament of Ireland with the spoils of the people of Ireland , their representation was merged in this House ; but the noble lord says , he gave no specific promise to the Catholics , further than that their claims would have a fairer opportunity of being considered in the British parliament if they supported him in carrying the Union . Why , Sir , if the proposition had been understood by the Catholics in this limited sense , is it probable they would have lent their influence to carry a measure which annihilated for ever the independence of their country , merely for the chance of having their claims considered , without any pledge that their grievances should be removed ? 999 Whatever it might be , the pledge given to the Catholics was so strong as to raise in them the greatest hopes—hopes in which they now find themselves so cruelly disappointed . I hope . Sir , we shall bear from the noble lord some explanation of this paradox . I know there are men in this country who stand pledged to the support of the Catholic claims ( though certainly not on the same grounds as the noble lord ) who , if they possessed the same facility as the noble lord in abandoning their principles and their promises , might have commanded office and power . Their refusal has raised them justly high in the estimation and confidence of their country ; and when we consider the critical situation of this empire , both abroad and at home , we have every reason to lament