be proper for government to take a review of the act to which he had alluded , was another question ; but certainly , under the present circumstances , he for one would not consent to touch that act . Gentlemen were not , perhaps , aware , that in the last year , the import of grain into this country from Ireland was in the , proportion of one to three of what Great Britain imported from the rest of the world ; formerly the average of the proportion was only as one to ten . The importation of grain into this country from Ireland was not only great , but it was progressively increasing . The importation in the last four months was greater than the whole importation of any one preceding year , and the importation of the last month was greater by one-fourth than the proportion of the four months . He did not think it necessary to take up more of the time of the House , as he did not mean to give any opposition to the hon . gentleman 's motion . If any case of scarcity were to arise , the attention of the Irish government would of course be most closely directed to the subject . At present he agreed with the hon . gentleman , that there was no ground for any such apprehension . The crop of potatoes , it was true , was rather scanty , bat they were of a good quality ; and he was sure that , from the steps which had been taken to enable the farmers to carry their produce to market without interruption , the prices of grain in Ireland would not increase , and therefore that there would be no occasion for the interposition of parliament . entirely agreed in the opinion , that there was nothing like a scarcity to be apprehended , and that where any deficiency existed , it arose from the stoppage of the regular intercourse through the country , by which alone plenty could be ensured . The farmer locked up his corn in his granaries , and the people defeated their own objects . He believed that at all times there was a considerable advance on oats at this season of the year , particularly when the crop of potatoes failed ; and it was to be recollected that the distilleries had laid in their stock , and their demand ceased at this time . Above 35 all things he entreated the House not to entertain any idea of fixing a maximum almost under any contingent circumstances ; and he reminded them , that when he introduced the Bill , for which he had been so undeservedly complimented by the right hon . gentleman , he had cautioned them against fixing a maximum , for it would operate as a permanent discouragement to the tillage farmer , and if held over him , as a probable measure , would , like the sword of Damocles , paralyse all his exertions . Any limitation of the exports of corn would have the same effect as a restriction , and he hoped the united kingdoms were fully able to furnish corn enough for their consumption , without any foreign aid . As to the prices of ; corn in the London market , it was to be observed , that a considerable addition must be made to the price of the corn exported from Ireland before it reached the English market , and also that the quality of corn grown in a moist soil ( like that of Ireland ) was inferior ; at all events , the intercourse should not be meddled with , as the evil complained of would correct itself . There was a considerable exportation of corn from Ireland to Portugal and Cadiz , for the use of the armies , and he would rather meddle with that than the regular intercourse between the two countries , by which the farming interest would be alarmed , and that spirit repressed which arose from the Bill of last session . He was sure the