by posterity as a most iniquitous law , and must lead to the most ruinous consequences . They were called upon to make a legal tender the notes of the Bank of England , without any securities against an excessive issue , and a consequent excessive depreciation.—If the present measure was to be persevered in , his lordship contended that the practice of granting leases must cease . It was impossible to say how much in the course of six or seven years Bank-paper might be depreciated . He appealed to the noble earl with whom the present measure 1084 originated , who he knew felt for the labouring classes of the community , to reflect how cruelly this measure must militate against them ; to noble lords on the other side it would be useless to appeal , they had already shewn , on the occasion of the Frame Breakers ' Bill , that they were insensible to the sufferings of the labouring poor . To the noble earl , however , he thought he might appeal with safety on this head , and he asked of him , Did he not admit that , if we had a metallic circulating medium in this country , instead of a paper currency alone , the price of corn would at this moment have been less than it now was by at least one-fifth ? disclaimed all connection with the manufacture of the swaddling cloaths in which the child , of which he was the parent , was now drest out . The child itself , however , he had no hesitation in acknowledging and supporting . Noble lords seemed not to know in what a pound sterling consisted . He would tell them first what it was not , and then he would tell them what it was . It was not a pound troy , or a pound averdupoise—they were measures of weight : —a pound sterling , was not a measure of weight but of value . In not attending properly to this distinction lay the greater part of the fallacy of the arguments on the other side . It was impossible for him to say that one of his hands was raised and another depressed , without comparing them to something that was fixed in its position . Noble lords who opposed this Bill had formerly contended that gold was of a fixed value ; yet he now found an admission in a pamphlet by a noble earl ( Lauderdale ) , that when gold began to be exported from a country , then that which remained rose in value . He declared it to be his firm conviction , that if he had not stopped his noble friend ( lord King ) by introducing the Bill of last year , we should soon have had Bank notes in this country where French Assignats were in France . supported the measure , not seeing that any thing better could have been done . argued against the Bill . After calculating the various profits of the Bank , he maintained that the principal effect of the measure would be , to put into the pockets of 600 bankstock holders the enormous sum of 17,525,000l . by the most ruinous mode of taxation which could be devised . Every country in which a paper circulation had 1085 been forced on the people had been invariably ruined , and whatever evils might befal this country in a like attempt , their obstinacy against every kind of remonstration deserve it in some measure . spoke in support of the Bill . opposed the Bill . He compared the present proceedings of government to those of the French with respect to the assignats.—The noble lord dwelt at length on the evils which the people experienced by the depreciation of paper , which depreciation he attributed to an over issue on the part of the Bank . contended that the existing circumstances of the country were to be ascribed to natural and simple causes , namely , the great foreign expenditure , and the considerable increase in the importation of grain . The