given to the augmented duty . said , that he perfectly concurred in the present measure , which went to prevent the sacrifice of the health and morals of human creatures to the benefit of the revenue . He hoped this measure would increase the consumption of malt liquor , which was so much more wholesome . He considered the low price of spirits in Ireland , the cause of their excessive use , rather than any disposition in the people to intemperance . This duty would go to correct that evil , and he had not any doubt that it would be followed up . said he concurred in the general principle on which this duty was proposed ; but he was apprehensive , that illicit distillation was not yet sufficiently put down to warrant so large an addition . He had had the means of ascertaining , beyond all doubt , that the illicit trade was still going on without interruption over immense districts of that country ; and that 245 being the case , the additional duty would neither diminish the consumption of grain , or augment the revenues ; because it could only operate as a bounty on illicit trade , and the production of spirits run at a cheaper rate than they can be made under the existing duty . He had hoped the right hon . gentleman in proposing a new duty on this most important branch of the Irish Revenue , would have taken a more comprehensive view of the subject than he had done . That he would have stated to the House , that the abuses which had been proved to exist by the commissioners of enquiry in the collection of this duty , had been put an end to . That he would have explained in what manner so great a defalcation as two millions a year , which they had established to have taken place , was in future to be prevented . For unless some better system of collection was resorted to , it was in vain to expect any produce from any additional duty . For , his part , he never could think that any branch of the Irish revenue would be productive , so long as the whole of the revenue patronage was in the hands of the executive government . It was impossible the several boards of revenue could enforce a due discharge of duty on the part of the officers under them , so long as every situation was filled up by the lord lieutenant without communication with them , or any consideration of the fitness of the individuals appointed to them . This was not the practice in England ; here every board appointed its own officers , and accordingly they felt themselves responsible for the efficient collection of the revenue , and did collect it . Till the same practice was established in Ireland , the taxes would never produce what they ought to yield , nor can there be the smallest prospect of getting over the embarrassments to which the Irish finances at present are subject . shortly replied , and stated the average quantity of spirits exported from Ireland was between one fourth and fifth of the whole . The Resolution was then put and carried . presented a Petition from certain merchants and manufacturers engaged in the woollen trade in the West Riding of Yorkshire , against the Orders in Council ; which 246 having been read at the table , his lordship observed , that the statement of so respectable a body of men was highly deserving of attention . The Petition , he understood , was signed by 15,000 persons , whose complaints of the grievances under which they laboured , in consequence of the operation of the Orders in Council , he should feel it his duty to call the attention of the House to on Tuesday the 28th instant , for which day he moved that the Lords be summoned.—Ordered . presented a Petition from the mayor and burgesses of Nottingham , for opening the East India Trade , which was ordered to lie