to be 17,000l . including 5,000l . which she received as pin money , whereas she received 17,000l . exclusive of pin money . It had been augmented from 12,000l . to 17,000l . in consequence of its being thought necessary by the King to make a more ample provision for her than she had formerly enjoyed . In 1809 , a representation was made to the duke of Portland , who then held the situation which he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) now had the honour to occupy , that debts were due to various persons from the Princess of Wales , for which she had no means of providing . An investigation accordingly took place , and it was found that the debts amounted to 41,000l . Her income was at that time 12,000l . per annum , exclusive of 5,000l . pin money . The Prince , on that occasion , averse to any application being made to the public , took her debts upon himself , and at the same time conceiving that they might have been contracted in consequence of the insufficiency of her income to meet her expences , he augmented it to 17,000l . It was found on a farther investigation of the business , that her Royal High ness debts amounted to 8,000l . more , and this sum , in addition to the 41,000l . before mentioned , the Prince also took upon himself . On a Still more minute investigation of the subject , it was found that there was yet a small fraction more of 2,000l . and this last sum it had been thought reasonable that her Royal Highness herself should pay out of her increased income . The Prince thus , to prevent the charge being thrown on the public , took 49,000l . on `` himself of the debts of the Princess , although his royal father would doubtless willingly have consented to disburse a sufficient sum out of the Droits of Admiralty . The hon . gentleman thought there was now a large disposable fund in the hands of the Prince . This was not the case , as so large a part of his income as 70,000l . had been given to a commission under the seal of the Duchy 126 of Lancaster , for the purpose of liquidating those debts which had before been under the consideration of that House . He strongly objected to postponing the committee . concurred with his hon . friend in the propriety of postponing the committee for at least a month , not because the deficiency of the consolidated fund was so large as to shake the security of the public creditor , but because the statements of gentlemen on both sides of the House , holding the very same papers in their hands , were so contradictory as to prove , that a similar investigation to that which had taken place under lords Grenville and Harrowby , should be instantly commenced . He for one had understood that the Princesses were to live with the Queen , and on this account it was , he conceived , that the addition of 10,000l . had been made to her Majesty 's income . He had told the right hon . gentleman , that even after that he supposed some provision would be proposed for the Princesses ; but he thought that if such a provision were to be made for them , there was no necessity for adding 10,000l . to the income of the Queen . Unless that 10,000l . were given for the maintenance of the Princesses , it was difficult to imagine why it was granted , and the act itself afforded no information . It turned out however now , that the salary of the Princess of Wales was not sufficient , but why an addition had not been made to that the time , when for no reason on earth , 10,000l . per annum was voted to the Queen , and such immense , and almost unlimited grants were agreed to for the Prince , it was not easy