argument of the noble baron who preceded him , was directed rather against the original measure of the suspension of cash payments , than against the present Bill , the object of which was to prevent the occurrence of injustice and oppression . Adverting to the supposition that there were two prices in the market , a cash price and a paper price , he denied the fact . On this point he was ready to meet the noble lords , guarding himself at the same time from the inference of maintaining that there might not have been a solitary instance or two of the existence of two prices . All he contended for was , that it was not a general practice . The Bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Friday . gave notice , that before the House went into the committee on Friday , he would move an enquiry into the nature of the connection of the bank of England with government . adverting to the conversation which had taken place early in the evening , observed , that he had since read the documents to which he had then alluded . If they were accurate as published , he must consider them as affording a most proper ground for parliamentary enquiry . If it should appear that Mr. Henry had been authorised to stir up the inhabitants of the Eastern States to rebellion and separation from the Western , such an act , on the part of one friendly power to another , could not be too severely censured or 1086 stigmatised . And whatever might be the sentiments of the noble earl , he was persuaded that he should have the concurrence in this opinion of the noble viscount who had lately acceded to his Majesty 's government , and who had , at the commencement of the present unfortunate war , reprobated what he conceived to have been a similar attempt , as instanced in the case of the French consul at Dublin . He did not wish to take the business out of the hands of the noble Earl if he chose to bring it forward , but he was desirous to know , whether it was the noble earl 's intention himself to lay on the table the documents alluded to ? replied , that he did not think it necessary to say any more at present , than that when the affair came to be enquired into , it would be found not to bear the construction set upon it by the noble lord . observing that the noble earl had refrained from answering his question , gave notice , that on Friday he would move for the production of the documents . on rising , expressed his regret that it had not fallen to the lot of an abler person than himself to bring the important subject on which he was about to address them before the consideration of the House . It was not his intention , however , to go at any great length into the general question of the policy of the Orders in Council , a subject so lucidly and eloquently treated on a recent occasion by his hon . and learned friend . He should limit him-self therefore to that view of those Orders which were connected with the immediate motion which he was about to submit . In the year 1806 , the violent measures and decrees of the enemy induced the British government to take such steps as seemed best calculated by a counter operation to inflict upon the French government those commercial injuries with which it had endeavoured to assail us . Whatever might be the policy of the Order then issued , he must deny that the Decrees against which it was directed were constructed upon any novel or unprecedented principles . Simi- 1093 lar principles had been adopted in 1739 , and 1756 . They had been acted on during the American as well as the late wars . Never , however , had they been attended with those consequences which unfortunately