, he would never again have entered the same room with that person for the purposes of confidential advice . spoke to order , and arraigned the conduct of the noble and learned lord , in thus referring to a circumstance which had taken place a week ago and which had no connection with the question of order . It was at the same time most unconstitutional to attempt to influence the debate by the use of the name of the Prince Regent . said he had been misunderstood , and begged to explain his meaning . He did not deny that any peer in that House had a right to make any motion he thought proper , with respect to the conduct of any administration ; but what he meant to say was this , that he never would act so unbecoming the person placed on that woolsack , as to permit such language as he sometimes heard—for he was bold to assert , in the face of all the noble lords present that he had never wit- 55 nessed in the course of thirty years parliamentary experience , any thing so monstrous and disorderly as the production of a newspaper in that House . [ Here his lordship was interrupted by loud and repeated cries of Order ! ] never heard any thing so disorderly as the language made use of by the noble lord on the woolsack . After the observations of the noble mover , he did not expect such animadversions as had a direct reference to a subject already disposed of . It was the duly of every noble lord to insist on a strict adherence to the rules of the House . repeated , that he should always object to any observation being made in that House having a reference to his royal highness the Prince Regent , which , in the strict course of parliamentary proceeding , ought not to be applied to the King himself , whose representative he was , and he should certainly always protest against the production of a newspaper , or part of a newspaper pasted on any other paper , into that House in the course of a debate— ( Cries of Order , order ! Hear , hear ! ) repeated his statement , that he considered the act of the Prince Regent as the act of a responsible adviser . was anxious to be understood as not at all intending to bring the person of the Prince Regent into the debate . He had merely conceived the spirit of the motion to turn that way , and there was nothing which he would more deprecate . The Address proposed by the noble lord did certainly impute blame to the ministers of the Regent , for which there appeared not to be the slightest foundation . He looked to their proceedings , which must be , after all , the great standard of their qualifications for the situation which they held ; and he must acknowledge , that for men so incapable as they were represented , they had done some very peculiar and very fortunate things . His Majesty 's arms had been eminently successful under the administration of the present ministers , during the time that the Prince Regent had been at the head of the government . During that time the country had to boast the conquest of the islands of Mauritius and of Java , the total expulsion of Massena and the French from Portugal , the repulse of the enemy at Tarifa , and lastly , the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo . Ministers , under whom 56 the arms of the country had been so successful , ought still to be required to guide the vessel of the slate . He did not conceive those successes to be the effects of chance , but of the energetic policy of ministers . He believed that the country was of the same opinion , and did not wish for any change of administration at present . Such being his sentiments , he conceived that an Amendment should be made in the Address proposed