legislators ? A noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) states his apprehensions on a different ground . He seems alarmed , not for your law , but for your Church . Repeal these tests , he says , and a Catholic may be a cabinet minister ; may have a share in advising the nomination of a bishop ! And then , how dreadful the consequences , if a person not of your own communion , participated officially in the appointment of the prelates of your Church ! My lords ; if I have rightly read the history of my country , our pure and reformed episcopal establishment never experienced from the most bigoted Popery a more rancorous and inveterate hostility , that from the Presbyterian Church of Scotland . And yet it has happened to myself to sit ten years in the cabinet with one noble person , and for a period not much shorter with another ; the one , secretary of state , ( lord Melville ) the other , lord chancellor of England ( lord Loughborough ) ; both natives of the country where that Church is established ; both educated in its tenets ; both , as far as I have ever heard , continuing in its communion to the latest hours of their lives . The noble and learned lord must certainly suppose that the consciences of those respected persons were grievously offended by the rags of Popery , which were daily in their view . The Catholic of this day is judged by the worst examples , drawn from the darkest ages : to the present Church of Scotland , therefore , we must , in all consistency , attribute the persecuting fury of Knox and his disciples . How much , then , must it surprize you to be assured that no motion was ever mad by either of these noble lords in cabinet for superseding the King 's supremacy : none for suppressing our liturgy ; none even for abolishing that greatest of all scandals to a Presbyterian eye , the name and office of our bishops . What is still more astonishing , and may possibly quiet 677 even the learned lord 's alarms , both of I them have exercised that very power which is now so grievously apprehended ; both have officially concurred in the nomination of our prelates of men at this hour , ornaments of our legislature and pillars of our Church . Among those right reverend persons who have this night so pathetically been entreated to protect our establishment against this formidable danger , one half , perhaps , would find the instruments of their own appointment , actually countersigned by the one , or sealed by the other of these distinguished members of a rival Church . How has it happened , that this influence , so formidable in theory , has , in practice , been found so innocent ? The reason is obvious . `` The oppressor has ceased , and therefore the earth is at rest and is quiet . '' The spirit of persecution , the zeal for compulsory conversion , are extinguished , and with them have expired every sentiment of inveteracy , all desire and all temptation to reeiprocal injustice . The obligations of civil allegiance and religious faith no longer contradict each other . Duties which reason and revelation have inseparably connected , and which are placed by bigotry alone in this unnatural and mutually destructive opposition . The noble Secretary of State indeed appears to think , that in practice they are found incompatible . He tells us , that in no monarchy in Europe , except those governed by military despotism , have the Catholic and Protestant ever exercised in common the higher functions of magistracy and government . Were the fact unquestioned , what conclusion could it authorize . How few are the limited monarchies which have existed in Europe since the Reformation ? But the assertion is as groundless as the argument is weak . Let him look to Hungary : there he may learn a lesson , pregnant with instruction to