go , he observed , first , for an account of the total value of the notes refused in payment at the Bank since the year 1797 , on the ground of their being forged , distinguishing the value of those in each respective year since that period . To this , he believed , no objection would be made . But the information he most wished for , and without which the anterior would be nugatory , was an account of the number of the notes so presented ; this he thought more especially necessary , with a view to the discussion of the measure which would ere long come before that House . Such a statement alone , he said , would enable them to form a judgment how far individuals were likely to suffer in that way under the system , which that measure went to extend , and to continue . The noble earl then moved for an account of the value of the notes as above , from the year 1797 to the latest period the same could be made up , distinguishing the nominal value of the notes so presented in 322 each year , & c. which was forthwith agreed to by the House . His lordship then moved for the production of an account of the number of notes so presented and returned . observed , that to the first part of the noble earl 's proposition he thought , under the present circumstances , and with reference to the Bill in its progress in that House , no rational objection could be made . It , besides , would furnish all the necessary or useful information desired , inasmuch as the specification of the value in each year would shew the progress as well as the extent of the evil . With regard to that under consideration , he certainly entertained no objections ; it would also , on the noble earl 's own ground , afford but little further in-formation , except a distinction was made between the notes below and above the sum of 5l . One strong objection was , that it would afford information as to what description of notes forgeries might be the more easily made ; every useful purpose would be answered by a specification of the actual number and total value of the notes refused in each year , and what was new proposed appeared to him at best to be unnecessary and superfluous . thought , by what fell from the noble Secretary of State , he must have misapprehended the object of his motion ; it went to shew what he allowed to be proper , the extent of the evil , and which , could not be satisfactorily shewn without an account of the number of instances in which the evil had taken place ; it was not so much the amount as in the nature of the sum , and the multiplicity of instances in which the offence had been committed . It was said not to exceed 9,000l . as to nominal value , one year with another , but without a specification of the numbers , they could not tell whether forgeries were committed in nine instances of 1,000l . each , or in nine thousand instances of 1l . each . He had no objection to amend his motion as suggested , by calling for a distinction of the notes under and above 5l . ; and as to the objection of the noble earl , that to publish the description of notes would be injurious , he thought it could not really be believed , that the practitioners in forgery wanted any information through the medium of that House . One great object should be the diminution of opportunities for the commission of the offence alluded to , as far as possible , for it made one 's blood run 323 cold to read the facts in the papers of the numbers brought to trial on such charges , and sent away with verdicts of Guilty—Death . contended , that every useful purpose would be answered