, be attributed as a fault to either.—He was sure no man could assert , that , in the transactions between the two countries , Britain had been too tenacious . The wording of the Address he repeated was on the principle of exclusion , while it pretended to be on that of the formation of an administration on a 73 broad and liberal basis . If the noble mover could succeed so far as to get rid of the administration he considered so obnoxious , really where would he procure one to answer the purpose he had described ? And , unless the noble lord was prepared to open to the House some future plan , and could shew this would be the effect of his motion , there could be no ground for agreeing to it . declared that if he were to answer the whole political catechism of the noble lords on the other side , or if he were to make a sort of profession of faith , on all the great subjects which had been introduced or alluded to in the present discussion , the task would be not more disproportionate to his own strength than to the patience of the House . Without however going into all those matters at length , before he sat down , he would advert , as well as he could , to most of the points on which he differed from the members of the present administration , well aware that in such a variety of topics , he had little chance of escaping considerable misrepresentation ; for he knew from experience , that say what he would , he could not exempt him-self from having in the course of a few days , and frequently in the course of a few hours , sentiments imputed to him directly opposite to those which he actually delivered . Devoid of all expectation therefore of such a nature , he was simply anxious to state to their lordships what the opinions were , which he entertained on the present question . He did not deny that the motion appeared to him substantially intended to produce a change of administration . The noble lord by whom that motion was brought forward , could have had no other object when he made it . It could be understood in no other sense than an application to the Prince Regent , to remove the present ministers from their situations for the reasons there stated , that such a measure could alone conciliate the different parts of this empire , at a period which more than any other required the full exercise of alt the resources of the country . This , it had been said by the noble and learned lord who spoke last , was a strong measure . That it was a strong measure he would not attempt to deny . But he confessed he had heard with much surprize that night , that this measure was unconstitutional ; and that to express the sentiments of the House , with respect to the present ministry , was to interfere with the prerogative possessed by the crown of 74 nominating its ministers . It was certainly no part of the duty of the House either to nominate the ministers of the crown , or to point out the method in which they ought to be nominated . But while he allowed this , he must be of opinion , that if sufficient grounds could be shown why a ministry were unfit to fill the situations which they held , there was nothing in parliamentary precedent to prevent the House from making an application to the crown for the removal of those ministers , when it was thought they were unequal to the crisis . This he would contend was a subject within the cognizance of parliament ; and to exercise their powers on such an occasion , was not only a legitimate but a laudable object ; it was an endeavour to consolidate all the strength and resources of the empire . The question for the consideration of the House then was