client , as was insinuated , would not the hon . gentleman have acted more fairly , if he had made it the subject of a grave charge against him for an act , as unworthy a one as could be well imagined ? With respect to surcharges generally , there was no intention of making any such agreement , and till the persons making surcharges were examined , it was the greatest assumption which the hon . gentleman could take upon himself to suppose they were wrong . Was it not right that persons assessed should pay their just proportion to the expence of the state ; and therefore if they kept back , was it not equitable too , that they should be charged to the extent of their liability to pay ? As to the general question now before the House , he would only add , that if it was injurious to deceive the country by false representations of the flourishing state of its commerce , it was equally injurious , amidst the great interests which were at stake , and the great exertions which were necessary to be made , to depress the spirits of the people by exaggerated statements of commercial distress . denied , in explanation , that he had received his information from any discharged officer . would merely repeat , that the information was quite new to him , of any person having been appointed to surcharge his neighbours in Liverpool . The Petition was then brought up and read . On the motion for its being laid on the table , repeated his wish that the right hon . gentleman opposite would take this opportunity of explaining the conditions of the proposed licences . He was also anxious lo know whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer intended lo bring forward this year any proposition on the subject of the East India Company 's Charter . declined introducing a subject so extraneous to the present petition , but was ready to meet any discussion upon it that the hon . gentleman might propose . in reply to the question of the right hon . gentleman , wished to give notice , that shortly after the recess he should bring forward a 118 proposition on the subject of the trade with India . then presented a Petition from the mayor , bailiffs and burgesses of the town of Liverpool , in common council assembled , setting forth , `` That the Petitioners conceive that the subjects of these realms possess an inherent right to a free intercourse of trade with all other nations and countries in amity with this , subject only to such regulations as may be necessary for preserving a good understanding with those countries , and for securing to our own the revenues derivable from such intercourse ; and that the monopoly of the East India Company , however expedient or necessary at the period of their first charter , is , as the Petitioners humbly conceive , in the present slate of commerce and of the world , no longer so ; and it is , moreover , inconsistent with those principles which are universally admitted to be essential to the prosperity of commerce ; and that every other nation of Europe being , by the signal , success of his Majesty 's arm deprived of all territory and influence in the East Indies , as well as of all means of annoyance to the navigation of those seas , an ample field is now open for the exertion of British skill and enterprize , and for the investment of that capital , which is rendered in a great measure useless , in those channels of trade where it has been heretofore employed ; and that the Petitioners , as the guardians of the interests of the town of Liverpool , while they lament the distressing suspension of its commerce at this juncture , can not but indulge a sanguine hope that the era is arrived which presents to the merchants and traders of Liverpool , in common with those of every part of the British empire ,