any pledge from which he could not conscientiously recede ? Will gentlemen say that the Prince , before he conies to the throne , shall have any pledge elicited or extorted from him , which at a different period under different circumstances , and different views , he is so obliged to fulfil ? —And is any attempt to recede from that supposed pledge to be considered as a breach of faith ? Is the constitutional doctrine of the hon . gentlemen apposite ? Do they mean to maintain that such a doctrine is constitutional ? I should like to know from those constitutional lawyers over the way , whether they will inform who was the confidential adviser of such a pledge ? I should like to know who was the constitutional adviser , that recom-mended this violation of the constitution ? Is it possible for any man who has any knowledge of the constitution—that can feel a sentiment of this description , or that is impressed with any feeling of respect , for the high constitutional authorities upon this subject , to maintain this proposition as one that can be deemed fit to act upon ? —I am therefore surprised to find , that a sentiment of this sort should be expressed by an hon . and learned gentleman , whose talents always take a distinguished part in this House . In proceeding , Sir , to consider the sub- 958 ject immediately before the House , I really do not know how I can expect to be attended to ; for it has been so often discussed , that every topic of argument upon it seems to be exhausted . It is however , of importance to the House , that they should consider precisely the nature of the question before them . What are the petitions , and what the object of the petitioners are . We are all agreed that there is nothing in the power of parliament to concede , that the petitioners are not disposed to consider as their right to ask . But the pure question before us is not quite so well understood I apprehend , as one could wish , because I have not heard either from the right hon . gentleman who made the present motion , or from any individual who supported it , one word yet as to what will be the duty of the committee called for . Indeed I hardly know , from the obscure terms in which the right hon . gentleman has enveloped the proposition before us , whether it is his intention that this subject should be referred to a committee of the whole House , or whether to a select committee.—I have not yet heard it distinctly stated by any one who is acquainted with this subject , whether it is a select committee , or a committee of the whole House that is meant . The language in which the motion was couched , at the time it was made , did certainly lead to an impression on my mind that it was to be a select committee , because I understood it in these words , `` that a committee be appointed . '' For certainly those words would imply , that a separate or select committee was intended . Now I wish , if I might be permitted , to ask the question of the right hon . gentleman whether I am right in this conjecture ? . The right hon . gentleman is informed that it may be matter for subsequent consideration , whether it is to be a select committee , or a committee of the House at large . .—The right hon . gentleman seems not yet to have formed any opinion of his own upon the subject , as to what his course will be : and the House must surely feel some surprise that a proposition of so much importance is not only to be put to them in the manner and under the circumstances that I have described , without knowing whether we are to go into a select or a general committee