He thought , however , that it was somewhat extraordinary , and contrary to parliamentary usage , to let the Bill be read a second time , and pass through the Committee , without any observations ; and then to come forward in the present stage , and condemn not only the principle of the Bill , but those details which might have been altered in the Committee . He had not expected to have been hampered with this double difficulty : but , however , he should answer as well as he could the objections which he had now heard . The gentlemen from the North had opened a pretty sharp battery upon him ; but they really appeared to him not to be able to perceive the distinction between office and salary , or to think it possible that the salary might be saved , 1173 and the office not abolished . The right hon . gentleman , however , clearly comprehended the distinction ; but when he spoke of those offices and their responsibility , he should have recollected that they were rather quasi offices with quasi responsibility , and neither the duties of such offices , nor the responsibility attached to them , appeared to him at all too great to be confined to such men as would usually be appointed deputies . He knew that his Bill was necessarily defective in many parts ; and he could have wished to have had the benefit of the right hon . gentleman 's observations on the Committee . As to the Scotch places , which it was recommended to incorporate with other places , he was by no means convinced of the justice of the observations made by the Lord Advocate . He believed that those places which had been stated as checks on each other , had never , within the memory of the oldest man , been known to act in any way as checks . The honourable and learned gentleman had represented this measure as likely to overturn all vested and landed rights in Scotland ; but he believed that it would appear to the House , that his description was considerably overcharged . The honourable member proceeded to declare , that he knew of no better mode of paying high and efficient offices in the state than by salaries proportioned to their importance . He had conceived , that as the House had formerly agreed to certain resolutions proposed by him , which laid down the principles that certain sinecure offices should be either abolished or regulated , they were bound to support the present Bill , which was in fact formed upon these resolutions . His right honourable friend had intimated an opinion , that the power of the crown had not increased of late years : but was it possible to look at the immense expenditure of the country , —at our great military and naval establishments , —at the vast patronage thus placed in the hands of the crown—at the increase of our revenue , and of the number of people employed in its collection ; —was it possible , he would ask , to look at all these things , without being convinced , that dependence on the crown was extended to all parts of the country , in a degree quite unexampled in former times ? ( Hear ! ) It was no light consideration , also , that some of the greatest commercial and corporate bodies in the country were in the habit of looking 1174 up to the ministers of the crown . With regard to its immediate influence in that House , there had been times when such influence had been more openly excited ; but could there be a doubt that much of it remained , and continued to be an object of just suspicion to the people ? The present measure , if passed , would have the beneficial effect of purifying the future parliaments of the country . He was really surprised to hear the offices which this Bill proposed to abolish , represented as in some measure the outworks and safeguards