; but was that all they gave you ? That was only the symbol of what they did , and like the Roman Catholics ' belief of transubstantiation , we mistake the symbol for the substance . They embodied the liberties of your constitution upon that basis There it was 625 that they rested the throne upon which they placed William and Mary ; they placed those princes upon the basis of your liberties and privileges : they excluded a Papist succession , because a Papist succession at that time was intimately and inseparably connected with the violation of your civil rights and liberties : they fortified you with a double security , not merely one arising out of the circumstances of the moment , to be continued only during the existence of the dangers , but calculated to endure for all times , and applicable to all seasons , by the Bill of Rights . How then is it that we wish to depart from the principles of that which is immutable and eternal ? How is it that you wish to sacrifice what is permanent , in order to prop up that which was only a casual and temporary precaution—which was but the creature of an hour ; and the danger of which has now long vanished , and can never return ? This is my doctrine ; my view ; and my opinion of the Revolution . These opinions can not be controverted , and if they were , the whole fabric of your constitution would be shaken . Now , my lords , I know not what further remarks to make , except one or two general ones , upon the danger of granting concessions : not merely of granting concessions to the Catholics , but of admitting into the state persons not of the established religion . A noble friend of mine , I understand , used an argument upon a former occasion on this subject , but which I had not the satisfaction of hearing ; but in the course of that argument , according to the report I received , he cited a great authority , I mean that of the Prince of Orange , afterwards William the 3d , in his Answer to James the second 's theory to M. Fayel , on the subject of a repeal of the Test Laws . My noble friend omitted , however , ( I am sure not intentionally ) the latter part of the Answer which he quoted , by which it appears , that military commands in Holland were sometimes possessed by Catholics ; but as they were granted with caution , and still under the controul of magistrates , they could give no just reason for not employing them . Now let us compare this fact ; and , under such circumstances , let us see how the whole bears to the general character and disposition of that monarch . Your lordships are well aware , that immediately after the Revolution , he would have felt a great interest in the repeal of 626 the tests . One would have imagined that he would not have taken such a step , when it is recollected , that the Protestant establishment was not then in full vigour , and when the liberties of the empire were just recently founded upon that establishment ; and he would have been anxious by a contrary course , to improve his own credit and character among the Protestants of England , to whom he owed , in a great measure , his exalted station , and to whom , also , was due the attainment of the liberties of this country , and the rest of the empire . But I will conceive that he might have been disposed to concede the points to which I have alluded , under a conviction that they would be attended with benefit to the empire at large , and improve his own interests in the country ; that these were not the real sentiments which were prevailing at that time , is pretty manifest ; because , immediately after his