every one embarked in it , but still he would never allow that those emoluments were the only stimulus to exertion . Although there were fewer opportunities now than there formerly were of obtaining glory and profit in the naval service , still the sense of duty would always stimulate our officers to proper exertions . If captain King had been unsuccessful in meeting in this instance a serious disappointment to his natural expectations , he hoped some other opportunity might occur , in which his services would meet their proper reward . thought it necessary to state to the House what the recent alteration of the regulation respecting prize-money 172 was , which appeared to the noble lord ( Cochrane ) of such importance , as to make him withdraw from the active services of his profession . Formerly the commissioned and petty officers had six-eighths of the prize-money , and the seamen and marines had but two-eighths . Considering the merits of the seamen and marines , and the numbers among which it was to be divided , it was thought proper to give them somewhat a larger share , and now it was five-eighths which went to the commissioned and petty officers , and three-eighths among the seamen and marines . contended , that the proportion to the petty-officers had been decreased rather than increased , and defied the hon . gentleman to prove the contrary . thought , that as captain King had done the duty of captain of the Diadem , and had been subjected to all the responsibility of that duty , he ought to have shared for the rank in which he served . in consequence of what had fallen in the course of the discussion , was ready to withdraw his motion , and put it in a shape less objectionable . He hoped , that if the House should coincide with his motion in another shape , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would not withhold his consent to an application for a grant of money . He considered that if the Diadem had been lost , captain King would certainly have been tried for the loss ; and as he had done the thing which was required of him , he ought to share in the gain . requested the noble lord would not consider him as a party to any arrangement of that sort . He had argued before , and should still contend , that unless a very strong case were made out , the House would not feel disposed to take into its consideration matter of this nature . after a few words in explanation , withdrew his motion , and then moved , `` That there be laid before this House , Copy of any Memorial or other Paper presented by captain King to his Majesty to the board of Admiralty or to the Privy Council , respecting the booty captured at Buenos Ayres , and also the report of the law officers of the crown , to whom it was referred to consider of such Memorial . '' said , that as to the subject of this new motion , he thought that the House would not interfere in such cases , except 173 on very strong grounds . At present he should vote against it simply on the ground of the House being taken by surprise , by a motion of this sort being brought on without previous notice . then suggested the adjournment of the debate upon this motion , until after the holidays ; he should say till the 8th of April . This suggestion was acquiesced in by the House , and the debate was accordingly adjourned to that day . said , that he rose to move for a variety of papers relative to the prosecution and trial of captain Tomlinson , of the royal navy , and he hoped he had it in his power to disprove any imputations which had been cast on him . He begged to assure the House , that his sole motive in coming forward on this occasion was , to