and we will heap upon you important advantages now , with an intention hereafter , of admitting you to a full participation of all those rights and privileges , of which you will thus have proved yourselves to be worthy . But what is the language , and the conduct , and the conciliation of the ministers of the present day ? —For these , I will first direct your lordships ' attention to the proceedings of the other House of Parliament . The funds of the establishment at Maynooth , the only and exclusive source , as your lordships know , of education for the ministers of the Irish Catholic church , having been found inadequate to effectuate this , the avowed object of its institution , an application was made , and repeatedly pressed upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer , year after year , for such small addition to the annual grant , as should make it commensurate to the original purposes for which it was intended . What was the mighty sum required ? An addition only of 4,000l . to the usual yearly grant ! and that for affording the benefit of moral and religious education to the whole Catholic priesthood . But in what manner did the ministers receive , and answer this just and reasonable suggestion ? With a blank , unqualified negative ; and , as if to sharpen the edge of this disappointment , in itself sufficiently marked and goading , the scruples of the conscientious Secretary of State for the Home Department , are called into activity ; and the Catholic insulted by the lamentations of the right hon . gentleman , that the college of Maynooth had ever existed at all , as an establishment supported by the state ! Indeed , so much in hostility were the feelings of ministers here declared to be to all his Majesty 's Catholic subjects , that it was matter of deep regret to this pure and upright servant of the crown , that the benefits of the education were ever , even in part , afforded to the members of that religion ; the professors of which compose four-fifths of the whole population of the state , and where the conduct 520 of that population has been represented by a noble viscount , ( lord Castlereagh ) a member of the same House , and another of the ministers , as more influenced by their priests than by the law , or any other authority or consideration whatsoever . Permit me now to ask your lordships under what circumstances it is , as relating to the disposal of the public money , that the ministers dole it out for the education of the Catholic priesthood , with so reluctant and so grudging a hand , in times of an unexampled waste and profusion , when the sum of 13,000l . is granted at the same time , in the shape of stipends , to the members of the Irish Protestant Dissenters ; certainly an excellent and much deserving body of men , but whose congregations scarcely comprize one-tenth of the population of that part of the United Kingdom ; and when , in the pure spirit of proselytism , which we are not disposed to pardon in any sect of Christians , with the exception only of our national church , for the education in the Protestant charter schools , and in the principles of that religion , of a mere handful of the children of Catholic parents , is apportioned the enormous annual sum of 41,000l . So much for the spirit of conciliation towards the Catholic part of the community , which has so strongly marked the proceedings of the other House of Parliament . Now we will look a little nearer home , and see what the spirit of conciliation has been in your lordships ' House . In the printed report of a late debate , on the motion of a noble baron for the removal of the Regent 's ministers , one of them , another noble baron , ( lord Mulgrave ) is made to