( but which I totally deny ) was signed in a very curious way . A copy of this Petition was left at the Commercial coffee-house in Dublin , in a private room in the house , and when any one went in to take some refreshment , the question was put to him first , `` Sir , will you sign a Petition for the emancipation of the Catholics ? '' The man would say , he was not determined yet , — '' I have not seen it . '' `` Sir , that is not the question , '' was the reply . `` But will you sign the Petition . '' And this was the way throughout the piece . The man was not shewn the Petition , and it was detained from him until he should say he would sign it ; and even we were told by the right hon . gentleman who introduced this Petition , that the names attached to it are not the names actually written by the ostensible subscribers , ( for they , were taken away ) but that they were only fairly transcribed ; so that we have only the fair copy ; and that rough copy , from which alone we could at all judge of its authenticity , is 752 kept from us . How do we know that this is a genuine Petition ? It is not stretching our suspicion too far to doubt it . But yet we are called upon to believe that these are the Petitions of the Protestant proprietors of Ireland—a more fallacious way of judging can not be found ? There may , however , be names of respectability attached to it . There are families , I know , in Ireland , one of whose names was mentioned here to-night by the right hon . gentleman , ill his speech , who have lent their names to these Petitions—The Powers , and others . I do not mean to say that-these are not people of rank and property , but all I mean to say is , that those are not the Petitions of the Protestants of Ireland ; and I say that in consequence of the threats that have been used to procure signatures , the manner in which the Petitions were signed , together with the circumstance of our having no opportunity of knowing who the subscribers are—the House is not authorized in paying the least attention to them . I will venture to assert , that not one Protestant in a hundred has signed it . I know for my own part , the Petition was received with the utmost indignation in the north . I did hear that some Presbyterian ministers signed the Petition ; and the consequence was , that their congregations turned them out of the meeting-houses , locked up the doors , and excluded them for ever : these persons , I say , were locked out for ever , in consequence of signing this Petition ( a loud laugh from general Matthew . ) It gives me great pleasure when I can extract a laugh from the hon . gentleman , he is such an incomparable hero , and such an admirable orator . Sir , there never was so gross an attempt to impose upon the English nation , as the assertion that the Protestants of Ireland are favourable to Catholic claims ; and I am sure the right hon . gentleman , if he knew the means adopted to procure the signatures to these Petitions , he would not have brought the subject forward ; nothing would have induced him to lend himself to so gross an imposition upon the sober judgments of the people of England . Why then . Sir , even taking for granted that the signatures to these Petitions are the genuine expression of the sense of the Protestants who are alleged to have signed them ( which I conscientiously doubt ) still I deny that it is the Petition of the whole Protestant inhabitants of Ireland . I maintain most confidently that it is