toleration to the most unbounded extent . The same hon . gentleman says , that the Irish Catholics continually rise in their demands ; and , ( adopting a commercial metaphor ) , asks , rather jocularly , whether compound interest upon these claims is to go on continually accumulating ? If the claims of the Catholics of Grenada had been acceded to , and they had been restored to that participation of political power which they formerly enjoyed , peace and prosperity would have continued to bless the inhabitants of that colony ; but the interest they paid for the intolerance of the British government , was the destruction of their property , and the sacrifice of their lives . This , Sir , was no subject of jocularity to the parties concerned , and affords a melancholy and memorable proof , that compound interest , and at a rate most dreadfully usurious too , is sometimes exacted upon the delay in granting just claims . An hon . member near me , ( Mr. Owen , ) maintains that the lower classes of the Catholics lake no interest in the question of Catholic emancipation ; and that it affects only the few individuals , who from their rank and situation in life , might reasonably hope , under a different system , to fill those offices from which they are at pre-sent excluded . It appears from the example of Grenada , that even the Catholic negroes , who could have no possible expectation of holding public situations of honour or emolument , embraced the cause of their masters : and that with so much zeal , that , as I have already stated , elever thousand of them perished in the contest 845 The truth is , that every individual belonging to a sect , which is subjected to political disabilities , feels himself a member of a degraded class ; and considers an injury done to any of his superiors of the same communion , as if done to himself . It has also been said , that if the claims of the Catholics were granted , they would become a party with power , instead of being , as they now are , a party without power . The case might have been more fairly stated thus : that they would then become a party attached to that constitution , in the advantages of which they participated ; instead of being as they now are , a party inimical to that constitution from the advantages of which they are excluded ; and this position , too , is fully illustrated by the example of Grenada . In my humble opinion . Sir , religion is an affair between God and a man 's own conscience , with which the secular magistrate has nothing to do , any farther than as the tenets it inculcates may be dangerous to the established government . That some of the tenets imputed to the Roman Catholics have that tendency , I readily admit ; and I am no more disposed than the gentlemen who oppose this motion , to grant their claims , unless it can be done with safety to the constitution , in Church and State , as by law established . All I contend for is , that we have no right to put our own interpretation on their creeds ; and anathematize them , as it were , for professing doctrines which they disavow . The great object of going into the proposed committee is , to enquire whether they can and will , give such security , or subscribe such a test , as ought to be satisfactory ; and this enquiry well deserves our most serious and immediate attention . One of these two good purposes must be answered by going into this committee ; either we shall find that satisfactory security can be given , in which case we shall indeed be what we now call ourselves , but are not , an united kingdom ; or , at least , we shall have an opportunity of proving to the Catholics of