the Catholic laity , that the ecclesiastical establishment of the country would pass into the hands of the Catholic priesthood , is a sort of paradox which I know not how any rational man can entertain for a moment . Is it a probable supposition , that when the Catholic laity have placed before them and within their reach , personal objects of interest and ambition , that they will risk the sacrifice of those objects merely for the aggrandizement of their priests ? Do away those restrictions which at present unite the clergy and laity in common cause , and you destroy the bond of union from which you affect to apprehend so much danger ; for it would be opposite to any thing known in the history of the nation , to suppose that the laity would sacrifice advantages once obtained , and which they so highly estimate , merely for the aggrandizement of their clergy . The noble and learned lords apprehend that , if these concessions were granted , it would place a Catholic party in parliament , who would not fail to excite all their influence in hostility to the Protestant establishment . But , my lords , let us suppose that all the hundred members returned to parliament for Ireland , were exclusively Catholic , how would their weight counteract the five hundred and fifty Protestant members for England , upon any question important to the general interests of the latter ? Can any thing , then , be more absurd than to apprehend that any practical injury to the Protestant establishment could arise on that ground . On these grounds , my lords , I think 605 the civil disabilities of the Catholics ought to be repealed , —at the same lime that I am far from entertaining the same sanguine expectations with the noble earl who brought forward the motion , that the effects he predicted would immediately follows . The noble earl says , you would immediately attach to the state the decided support of four millions of your Catholic fellow subjects , ( including the whole of the Catholic population of Ireland . ) But I own , I much doubt that such an effect of concession would be so sudden : for , I fear , however lamentable the fact , it is yet not to be denied , that there is a wide-spread spirit of disaffection amongst the lower orders in Ireland , to the British government , which it must be a work of considerable time to eradicate , and which is not owing to the few remaining disabilities under the penal laws , as they do not , in fact , operate on the lower order , and , consequently , can not be so suddenly removed by the repeal of those disabilities . This spirit is not owing to the intolerance of one minister or another , or is it of recent growth . We must all admit the disaffection exists , nor is to be ascribed to the effects of the French Revolution , or the cry of Parliamentary Reform . The evil appears to me , my lords , to grow out of much deeper causes , and to have its roots in historical events ; and it is , therefore , impossible to remove it by any immediate remedy you can apply . I do not , however , urge this as an argument against the present question ; on the contrary , I feel the necessity of complying with it , and of doing away as speedily , and as far as possible , all causes of national discontents between the two countries . The disaffection of the lower orders in Ireland towards the British government , appears to me no more than the national consequences of that antipathy which a conquered nation always feels against the conqueror . This is a feeling natural to the human mind , and must continue until all distrusts are removed , and friendly confidence cultivated . In my mind , therefore , my lords , our policy should be to do away every thing