of Ireland , since I have had the honour of a seat in parliament , I have always given my vote in its favour ; but I have never till now ventured to obtrude myself upon the House , to state the grounds of my vote . I have thought it my duly on all former occasions to give way to other gentlemen , whose sentiments I felt it was much more important should be known than mine . I am however desirous of stating for once as shortly as I can , the motives which have actuated me in the conduct which I have hitherto pursued ; and I am the more desirous of doing it , because I am sensible , that upon this question more than upon any other which has come under the consideration of parliament , no person can take part on the side upon which I shall give my vole this night , without being liable to have his motives misrepresented , and his conduct treated in the most uncandid manner . When we have seen that persons of high distinction in the country , from no other cause than the part they have taken on this subject , have had it openly stated of them in the public newspapers , that they had formally renounced their religion and embraced the Catholic faith ; —when such representations have been made , and confidently given out to a credulous public , by persons who are constantly paying their court , in the basest and most abject manner , to those who are at the head of the government ; when I say such stratagems are resorted to against persons of the highest distinction , and whose whole lives may be said to be spent in the view of the public , I can hardly flatter myself that one comparatively so obscure as myself will 936 escape misrepresentation . I think it right therefore to say of myself that there are some of the doctrines of the Catholic religion which I abhor . I detest that persecuting spirit which two or three centuries ago , seemed to actuate the professors of that religious faith , much more than any other description of Christians . I was educated from my earliest infancy with these impressions . I am descended from Protestant ancestors , who were themselves the victims of persecution , and the prejudices produced on my mind by my education in early life , has required all the efforts of my maturer reason to shake off . But it is not because my own privations or the sufferings of my ancestors , have had their source in the Roman Catholic persecution of a remote time , that I would consent to make myself a party at this day to the persecution of my fellow Christians of any description . It has been represented by a right hon . gentleman who has spoken lately in this debate , that this is not a question of toleration . Sir , I consider it to be purely a question of toleration , a question in its consequences affecting the religious liberty , not of the Catholics of Ireland only , but of every sect of Christians in this country who dissent from the doctrines of the Established Church , and it is because I think that the carrying this measure will tend to relieve them all from the disabilities under which they now labour , that I support it . I trust the time is now passing by , notwithstanding the arts which have been lately practised , when any particular sect of Dissenters can be induced to make common cause against the Roman Catholics . They can not surely avoid seeing that in joining against the Catholics they are preparing arms against themselves , and that the cry in which they are now invited to join against the Catholics will at a future time be raised against themselves . This , indeed , in one of the Petitions on the table is hardly disguised ; it is not Popery that is obnoxious , but Religious Liberty . When