forward at the period of the Union only to lead to disappointment on both sides . If it could have been then satisfactorily effected , it would have-been a most desirable object . Certainly at that time there was a temper on both sides , of the question which gave great facilities to its execution , but which facilities have been defeated since by unfortunate circumstances on both sides . Really I can not understand upon what principles the Catholics ( even for their own credit ) do come to parliament again . Will it be stated that they have conscientious scruples against adopting that which all Catholic governments , in all Catholic countries , have adopted , upon the principle of self security ? Will they refuse to do that which , if they were subjects of a Catholic state , they would be compelled by law to do , before they could be admitted to the privileges of citizens ? Is it not a notorious circumstance that the Catholics of Ireland allow themselves to be blind to their own interest ? Is it not very well known , that they refuse to admit their consciences to an arrangement which other Catholic countries have adopted ? It is material , therefore , in the view the House takes of this question , to consider that the Catholics are now calling for the accomplishment of their views , to all appearance , unconditionally . They are calling upon the legislature to be admitted within its walls , without restraint . They are calling upon us to admit them within 1009 the pale of the constitution , while , at the same lime , they are refusing to give us those securities which are necessary to the existence of our establishment in Church and State . Now there is a very broad distinction between the Protestant and the Catholic Church . The Protestant Church is a parliament Church . Every branch of the established Church of this country is regulated by law . Its discipline , its government in every part of it , is regulated by parliament . Now what do the Catholics require of you ? They call upon you to allow them to become members of the legislature , and to legislate in the concerns , and in the ecclesiastical government of the Church of this country : They , as Roman Catholics , require of you to be the arbiters and legislators in matters relating to the Protestant religion , a religion , to which they are professedly , by their own tenets , hostile . Do you think then that after having admitted the Catholic laity to the legislature , that the Catholic clergy will remain perfectly quiescent and inactive ? Do you think that influence which is now so widely diffused amongst their flocks , will suddenly cease , at a moment when that influence may be exerted with the greatest effect in furthering their own ambitious views ? This is not putting the case by any means in an extravagant point of view : and yet these persons refuse to give you any security , or even to condescend to mention to you upon what terms they will receive so equal a participation in the benefits of the constitution . There is no responsive feeling on the part of the Catholics on this subject : and , did they wish that their reconciliation should be found-ed upon a permanent unchangeable and fixed basis , they would find no hesitation in adopting a regulation which at the same time that it did not connect them with the crown of these realms , would not separate them from it . That is the sole object which those who at present oppose Catholic claims aim at , and that is the true and the only principle of objection they urge against their claims . Sir , no sentiment that I ever entertained upon this subject , no opinion that Mr. Pitt entertained upon the subject , and no grounds upon which I have ever opposed the Catholic claims can justify any man in imputing to me that