wait the effect of an operation so distant.—He , therefore , was willing to hope , that something might be devised more likely to be efficacious . One of the Petitions complained of the insensibility which the petitioners declared a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) had shewn to their sufferings . Whatever might have passed on the occasion alluded to , he was ready to acquit the right hon . gentleman and the government of any decided insensibility to the distresses of the country ; but while he abstained from attributing any improper motive to the right hon . gentleman , ( which he was sure was far from his mind ) : he thought , at the same time , that , standing as he did , in the capacity of a confidential adviser of the crown , he should have been a little more cautious in the language he made use of ; and he should have recollected , that though what he said might seem to contain nothing extraordinary in 1095 its import , yet , its levity , on minds agitated by the feelings of distress , was calculated to produce the worst effects.—The Petitions on the table were unanimous in stating the distress of the country , and most of them ascribed that distress to the operation of the Orders in Council , of which the petitioners appeared to be likely to form an accurate judgment . As a reply to those allegations , he presumed that the late Declaration had been issued by the government of this country , which proceeded on the statement of the French minister to the Conservative Senate . This Declaration contained , in effect , most decidedly the precise purport and meaning of the expressions attributed to the right hon . gentleman ; it stated in effect , though not in terms , that Great Britain and France were in the situation of two persons whose heads were immersed in a bucket , to try which could bear suffocation the longer . This document declared , that the government of Great Britain were determined to persevere , on the punctilio of priority in the Orders in Council ; and that however great the distress of the people might be , there was no hope of relief , support , or redress , from their own government . But , in a more statesmanlike point of view , who were to be the judges of the continuance of the system ? Was the option to be taken out of the hands of this government , and transferred to those of Buonaparté , whose strongest interest it was that we should continue a system so conducive to his advantage ? What was this but surrendering our own free will , pledging ourselves to a particular policy , and resolving to make our own future measures , under any circumstances , dependent on those of the enemy ? He could see no ground on which such a determination was to be defended . He had felt it his duty to enquire minutely into the extent and magnitude of those distresses , under which the manufacturing classes of the community were now labouring , and from every quarter he had received accounts , varying as to the particular degree in which they were felt in different places , but all agreeing as to their universal existence . From all parts there were statements of the want of employment , scantiness of food , and high price of provisions . The food of the manufacturers in that part of the kingdom which he had the honour to represent , was chiefly potatoes and oatmeal : two hundred and forty pounds weight of pota- 1096 toes could until lately be purchased for seven shillings ; they were now advanced to seventeen shillings . The same quantity of oatmeal could until lately be purchased for forty two shillings ; it was now advanced to sixty-seven shillings . The average wages of a manufacturer were from nine to eleven shillings a week ; and how , out of that sum , an individual could