if the noble lord meant such a broad and liberal basis as should comprehend persons of the most discordant opinions , who for the sake of coalition , must either sacrifice their own sentiments , or carry dissensions into the cabinet . But the present administration was narrowed to complete unanimity ; for if report spoke 76 true of the other secessions to the administration , they would be found possessed of exactly the same character , and very suitable additions to an administration founded on a principle of resistance to the Catholic claims . He saw two noble lords on the cross bench ( lords Sidmouth and Buckinghamshire ) who were publicly designated as the future supporters of administration . He knew not whether any communication had yet been made to them from the ministry . Who were these noble lords ? They were the only lords who , in the late debate on the Catholic claims in that House , ventured to assert the principle of eternal exclusion . One of them came forward with the doctrine of the coronation oath , operating as an eternal exclusion against the Catholics , and the other with perfect consistency had proposed measures which united every class of dissenters in one common cause . Now looking at an administration so formed , was it not , he would ask , an administration which must of necessity be obnoxious to a great part of his Majesty 's subjects ? The noble and learned lord had told them , that nothing would make him so happy as to extend the benefits of the constitution to all classes of the people , in so far as the same could be done without danger to the state ; but , that the fundamental principles of the Revolution stood in the way of all further concession . For his part he denied this to be a fundamental principle of the Revolution . He denied that it was the principle of those great men by whom the Revolution was accomplished . The disabilities against the Catholics were not established for the purpose of guarding the national church against those who professed another system of religion , but for the purpose of withstanding political tenets , by which the constitution was endangered . `` The noble and learned lord , '' exclaimed lord Grey , `` calls upon us for securities . We ask him for his danger ? '' The danger consisted not in admitting the Catholics , but in excluding them from the constitution . Already they were possessed of great riches and great political power , and constituted an important part of the strength of the state . By this exclusion they were forced and united into a separate interest . Take away the exclusion and the motives for a separate interest no longer existing , the hostility to the state would also necessarily cease . But what securities were to be proposed ? The noble and learned lord 77 had stated that Mr. Pitt knew of none , Mr. Pitt brought forward this very measure of concession to the Catholics , which he considered as necessary to the safety of the slate . Could he propose such a measure , if he thought it would endanger the safety of the slate ? But the noble and learned lord had said , that Mr. Pitt had no securities to propose . Then all the conduct of Mr. Pitt was nothing but a pretence ; and he did not state the securities because he was unwilling , but because he was unable to do so . The noble and learned lord had spoken in encomiastic terms of the value which he set on Mr. Pitt 's friendship , he declared that he wanted no other eulogy on his tomb than that he had been Mr. Pitt 's friend ; but if this conduct of his to his departed friend was friendship , he would rather , for his part , have that noble and learned lord for his foe , than his friend . Let noble lords put themselves in the situation of the Catholics ,