See , all the honours which the crown can bestow are refused for your sake . See , your friends and supporters are bereft of power , because they are your friends and supporters . See , the decorations of honour lie unac- 1004 cepted in the sovereign 's closet , pledges of fidelity towards you , symbols of admonition to him—all serene and glorious within , see Moira 's breast without a star , 'Eo magis ornatus quia non ornatus . ' See the encreasing spirit of liberality towards you among religionists of ail descriptions , among churchmen , among dissenters . Visit not upon the universities the sins of the intriguing few of their bodies . Read the Cambridge Petition . See the haste with which it was drawn , in the nonsense it contains . Hear the story of Oxford , and judge if her Petition speaks the voice of all her sons . Look in this House to the unshackled strength of the right hon . member for Hastings ( Mr. Canning ) exerted in your behalf ; look at the brilliant efforts of the noble member for Callington , ( lord Binning ) of the son of one of the highest dignitaries of our church , of the noble member for Yorkshire , ( lord Milton ) all exerted in your behalf ; see by whom such men are opposed ; see the balance in the hands of the crown , confide in your father and your friend , —be patient—be firm—be moderate—and your cause is gained . '' .—Sir , I would not willingly trouble the House with any observations of mine on this question , nor should I have opened my lips to night , if the circumstances of my private life in Ireland , had not become matter of observation touching this subject , on the part of the hon . gentleman who spoke last . With respect to the vote I shall give to night , my right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) has truly stated , that the cabinet are unanimous in their opinion , that the question of concession to the Catholics could not now be conveniently agitated , nor any enquiry gone into upon the subject of the legal disabilities of his Majesty 's Catholic subjects in Ireland , with the hope of coming to any ultimate and satisfactory arrangement . I apprehend I may save a great deal of the time of the House ; for , the reasons upon which my vote was founded against the proposition made in the early part of the session , apply , with very slight shades of difference indeed , to that which is now under consideration . The hon . gentleman who spoke last has stated , that my right hon . friend is the only-bar between the Roman Catholics and the concession of their claims . I deny the fact . Sir , the greatest obstacle , and the 1005 greatest bar , to the attainment of their wishes , has been their own injudicious mode of prosecuting their claims—and the injudicious manner they are supported by their advocates ; and I do protest in the face of the ; country , and the face of the House , against that injudicious and dangerous mode of throwing a sort of blame on the government of the country , which gentlemen on the other side hare adopted . I do also protest against that unconstitutional theme of blame , so industriously cast upon the illustrious person now exercising the sovereign power of the state , upon the supposition that pledges and hopes were given to the Catholics at the period when that illustrious individual was a private but disencumbered person . All I can say is , that if such hopes and expectations were raised in Ireland , it was owing to the rash indiscretion and improper conduct of those , through whom such communications were made , and which now forms one of the insuperable bars to the concession of Catholic demands . But I have no hesitation in saying , that looking at the present