those for 99 years , and for ever , had greater interests in their lands than the landlords . The right hon . gentleman might expect , by this measure , to acquire popularity— Mr . Pole rose to order , and enquired of the Speaker if this was explanation ? said , the right hon . gentleman professed to speak merely in explanation , and he though he had as yet done so . was glad that the chair considered him not out of order , though had he been so , and interrupted as being so by the hon . gentleman , he would not have been interrupted by one who had been very remarkable for his own punctilious adherence to order . was in favour of the adjournment , and thought the gentlemen opposite had , in their arguments to-night , admitted what they had formerly denied—that paper was depreciated . In the same breath however that they argued that the Irish tenant , if this Bill did not pass , would be obliged to buy guineas at 26 shillings a piece to pay his rent , they contended that paper and gold were equivalent . He was asked if he would not give the same benefit to Ireland as to this country ? But might not the same measure to persons in diametrically opposite conditions , be of a very different character ; and was it not even confessed , that the effect of this Bill would be different on the northern part and in the other parts of Ireland . He objected to the measure altogether , as connected with a fallacious line of policy . supported the Bill . admitted that there were parts of Ireland to which the Bill would not readily apply , but it applied to much the greater part of that country ; and it would be most unjust to permit the Irish landlord to drag his tenant to prison for non-payment in coin , while the landlord enjoyed no such power in this part of the empire . He allowed there was some difference in the state of the countries , but as at least four-fifths of Ire- 293 land was acknowledged to be in the same state as England , and as the only dissimilarity existed in a few counties in the north , in the choice of difficulties before them he was of opinion that sound policy and justice required them to extend their protection to the major part . With regard to the principle of the measure , the House had been told , that it would lead us into the same gulph of calamity with other nations whose paper currency had gone to rain . Now , if such reasoning was correct , and such was the tendency of the Bill , we ought to have seen , at least , part of those dangers and calamities produced by the similar act of last year . During the operation of that act , if the reasoning of the gentlemen opposite was correct , the country ought to have seen a multiplication of paper , a rise in the price of bullion , and a regular depression of the foreign exchanges . But instead of all this , the very reverse was the case . The quantity of paper now in circulation was rather smaller than it was in last April . The exchanges were considerably improved , instead of growing systematically worse . In April of last year they were 30 per cent . below par ; in July 25 percent then again 30 , but now they were only at 14½ . This improvement had not only taken place on the exchanges with Hamburgh , but also on those with Paris , which in this month were at 18½ , while in April of last year they were at 25 . Instead of gold having risen , it had considerably fallen in price ; all which circumstances shewed , that there was a complete distinction between the paper of the bank of England , as connected with the dealings of this House with regard