; but that it is not decided in the minds even 959 of those by whom the measure is proposed , what that measure is to be . And yet , is it not a matter of very great and serious importance , on a discussion of such a subject , that we should know what the actual course of the House is to be ? —The hon . gentleman seemed to think that a select committee would be the proper mode of proceeding . If that be their view of the subject , I would ask , Sir , is it possible that upon this great question which involves so many important considerations , we are to refer to a select committee—to delegate to a few individuals of this House , an enquiry into the laws relating to Roman Catholics ? —That we are to be content with the report of a select committee , and with the opinion they may give , as to what ought to be done with regard to those laws ? .—In the first wording of my motion , I thought , in calling for a select committee , I was complying with the rules and orders of the House . Upon further consideration , however , I find that the motion should be for a committee of the whole House . .—Sir , I rather think that I might venture to say , that the time is not yet come , in which the House can with any degree of propriety adopt the resolution now proposed . It is however to be understood now , that we are to go into a committee of the whole House ; and I have no difficulty in stating that , in my opinion , that is in every respect more desirable , than to refer a question of this description to a select committee , as if it were a matter of a private nature . If we are to have a committee at all , it must certainly be a committee of the whole House . But is that all we want to know ? Are we not to know what we have to do when we go into that committee ? Are we not to be told what duties we shall have to perform ? Are we to examine witnesses at the bar , to ascertain what are the opinions—what the doctrines and what the peculiar tenets of the Catholic religion ? —Because some of the gentlemen have talked of that , a right hon . gentleman who has spoken in the debate , seemed to me to think that we were to have witnesses at the bar . What ! to call to your bar witnesses to depose their own evidence in their own cause ! —To call to your bar witnesses to shew us what are the notions and sentiments entertained by the Roman Catholic clergy and laity ! 960 Are we to have their opinions declared to us at the bar of this House ? And what the Protestant opinion , clergy and laity , also is ? —Now , is that the sort of thing proposed by any hon . gentleman for the adoption of the House ? Or , if that be not it , what is it ? —Really I wish that those who are so eager to vote for this Committee , and who state that we have only to enquire , will be good enough to tell me , what are to be its labours ? Every man on that side says , `` Sir , all you have to do is to enquire . '' Every one on that side of the House would vote for a committee , but they would not condescend to tell us , what we are to do when we get into the committee . Because I will maintain , that if all we have to propose in that committee , when our labours are united , is a new law to abrogate all the old ones , respecting Catholic disabilities , there is no necessity to resolve into a