a cargo of equal value in colonial produce was exported . Mow he saw that a ship might go out in ballast , and that both etiquette and reciprocity were sacrificed . He concluded by expressing his hope and expectation of some relief being granted , and his anxiety for an answer from the right hon . gentleman . said , that when a motion was made for a Committee , it should have his support . , in explanation , stated , that vessels could not go out in ballast—they must take out to the value of 5l . per ton , and if they imported wine or brandy , they must export an equal value of colonial produce . said , he did not rise to enter into any general discussion on the Orders in Council ; but after what had passed , he felt himself called on to make a few observations . The hon . gentleman had stated , that the petitions came from persons who had an opportunity of forming their opinions by experiment , upon the evils resulting front the Orders in Council ; now this he apprehended they could not ; for the very point upon which he and the hon . gentleman were at issue at the present moment , was , whether those evils proceeded from the Orders in Council , or from other causes ? It was true that these person '' were competent to state the pressure which was felt in trade , but he knew not how they could decide whether that pressure would have been less if the Orders in Council had never existed : or whether in fact the Berlin and Milan Decrees would have produced the mischief without them . He would say , that not only our difficulties had not increased since the adoption of these Orders , but that the whole trade of the country was in a better state . He was surprised to find the hon . gentleman 's knowledge of trade so far overborne by his zeal against the measures of government , as to induce him to say , the Orders in Council were to prevent neutrals from trading with the enemy . He would maintain that the end was to open all trade , even to France itself , if France would trade with Great Britain . France had prohibited trade with Great Britain , and Great Britain had prohibited all trade to France , but what should go through Great Britain . The result was a pressure upon France , such as must compel her to open her ports to the trade of this country . He 435 would state that that very system of licences which was represented to be a departure from the Orders in Council , was a proof of their efficacy and effect.—He agreed that when the question of licenses was before the House , this matter would be better discussed . As to the importation of wine and brandy , the French were obliged to take a considerable quantity of sugar and coffee in return ; and with regard to laces , muslins , and other articles of the kind , they would be brought in illegally if there was no allowance granted . He was surprised that so much misinformation should exist with respect to the outrages perpetrated in different parts of `` he country ; and that they should be ascribed to the Orders in Council , to starvation , and such causes . But was it owing to the Orders , or to starvation , that the mills were broken down ? Was such misconduct to be excused , defended , and palliated ? Was it fair to hold eat to the House that the destruction of the most valuable property which was daily to be deplored , was to be attribated to the Orders in Council ? Was such language consistent with a due regard for the peace and welfare of the country ? Was it not as indefinite as it was mischievous ? As to the town from which this petition was presented , they bad heard