. gentleman can contend that , because the Roman Catholics of Ireland form the majority of the population , that they have a right of admission to all offices of state . What connexion or parallel is there between the one and the other ? If there is any thing that arises from their opinions to render it impossible with safety and security to the others , to entrust them with the power they demand , I can not conceive upon what principle of right or equity they can claim a power which must go the length of depriving the minority of their right . I think , therefore , that they are not entitled to the possession of that trust upon the argument the hon . gentleman has adduced , is , in my mind , an undeniable proposition : and , I think the hon . gentleman 's idea will hardly be adopted by the House . But , Sir , the question now , as I have slated it , remains to be considered as a question of policy and expediency , and the fair question is , whether there does appear rational ground of danger in conceding what the Catholics demand ? I shall consider this matter a little in detail : and in the first place , it appears to me to be very natural in those who live under an establishment which , till now , has always been called and always thought , a Protestant one , to feel a little jealousy of a proposition which tends to remove all those securities , and all those protections , which our ancestors have thought necessary to guard that Protestant establishment . We have been told , indeed , by an honourable gentleman , in the course of argument , that he considered , that it is not now a Protestant establishment ; for it ceased to be such in the year 1793 , when the law passed in that year , had given some political power to the Roman Catholics , and that , therefore , we were no longer to consider ourselves as existing under a Protestant constitution . But this is an argument which I am utterly unable to comprehend or to follow . If we were to admit it , we must at this moment doubt , whether our esta- 964 blishment is Protestant—whether this is a Protestant House of Commons—whether we have a Protestant monarch on the throne—and whether , in short , the whole system in Church and State is to be considered any longer as Protestant ? Now , Sir , if the proposition , that we still remain a Protestant establishment , can not be controverted , and feeling myself a pretty sound conviction upon that subject , I can not but feel a great deal of jealousy at a proposition which goes to admit the Roman Catholics to a participation in the constitution , contrary to law , —contrary to those securities which the wisdom of our ancestors provided , —contrary to the spirit of the original foundation of our state . Therefore it is not unreasonable in us to expect from the gentlemen who argue this question , some proofs to convince us that there is no danger in the concessions they would induce us to grant . When we talk of the danger that may be apprehended from this measure , they tell us , `` it is your business to enquire what the danger is , '' —I agree to that ; and the bare statement of the case is sufficient , I trust , for our purpose , and to the complete discharge of our duty . We are now a Protestant House of Commons , —we have a Protestant Establishment , —we must have a Protestant King , —we have at present , Protestant prelates , —and the proposition is , that we are to admit the Roman Catholics immediately to an equal participation in all the advantages we enjoy , —contrary to what has been the law of the constitution for ages , and contrary to those provisions , which