to submit such a proposition to the House . He knew indeed that the right hon . gentleman dared not meddle with the Bank.—He knew that the government had proceeded so far , that the Bank had become its masters , and the masters of the finance of the country.—It remained therefore for that House to resume its character and exercise its duties , by shewing to the Bank that at least parliament was above them , and was determined to protect the credit of the country . He could not see in what manner it would fall short of a direct fraud , to compel the subject to take in payment for goods of real value a paper , the value of which it was impossible for him to ascertain . There had been much talk of the French assignats , but in one point of view their forced circulation was less atrocious than that of Bank-notes , inasmuch as the assignats were grounded on some sort of pledged security , on national domains , the property of the state . [ Here the Chancellor of the Exchequer smiled . ] —The right hon . gentleman smiled at his venturing to contrast the enormous issues of the French government with those of the Bank of England ; but he was prepared to contend that the French did at least seek to save appearances , which was more than the right hon . gentleman thought it worth his care to do . This new manifestation of his views and intentions , ought to make 10 every man of property pause before he any longer placed his confidence in parliament , which was now about to sanction a measure that must necessarily prove a mortal blow to the credit of the Bank itself . The Bank had now no other interest than the interests of their own monopoly to attend to . The time once was when their corporate interests went band in band with the commercial and financial interests of the country ; but they had now become distinct and separate , and no other security remained for the public but the forbearance of the Bank . He meant no reflection whatever on the individual characters of the directors—with many of them he had lived in habits of personal confidence ; for some of whom he bad the highest personal esteem . But as a corporate body their conduct had no claim on his respect—they had in that capacity deserved no confidence , except the confidence of the right hon . gentleman , whom they were always prepared to accommodate . He knew of nothing that they had done for the promotion of the public interests , but he knew of much for the gratification of their own thirst and eagerness of gain . It was now incumbent on them to shew what they had hitherto pertinaciously concealed—he meant the real amount of their profits since the suspension of cash payments . As soon as the immediate question should be disposed of , he would take the liberty of moving for this account , as well as for a committee to inquire into the state of the affairs of the Bank . This might serve to shew that there were some who did not shrink from doing their duty on this occasion , and who wished to warn the House upon the new and perilous crisis to which they were arriving . He would at least not be one of those to lead the people of this country ad ignotum per ignota to a situation in which the establishment of a legal tender would leave no other security than the gold and silver in the actual possession of the Bank . He did not mean to say that for every note that was issued a corresponding sum should be kept in its coffers , but when he saw the directors and the right hon . gentleman in league together to give a forced currency to Bank notes , he had a right to satisfy himself about the intrinsic value of those notes . He recollected that one of the governors