, however , of representations made , it had been determined by government to concede the point . added , that the tax was deducted out of the pay of the last quarter . acknowledged that it had been charged up to the present time ; but an order had been sent to the Commissioners , in future not to deduct the properly tax from the pay of the Irish militia officers . rejoined , that so strictly had the deduction been attended to , that it had been made from the very moment some of the officers embarked for England , from Ireland . terminated the conversation by stating , that the delay had originated in a question whether the exemption could be made under the old act , or whether a new bill would be required . It had now been determined , that by the construction of the former statute no new enactment was necessary . said , that he rose for the purpose of moving , as an amendment , that the further proceedings in this Bill should be postponed to this day fortnight , for the purpose of appointing a select committee to enquire into the state of the currency in Ireland , as the Bill related so much to that country , that every information should be obtained upon its probable effect upon the interests of the different classes there . He would endeavour , with the permission of the House , to put them in possession of the situation in which the paper currency of Ireland was placed . In the year 1804 , a Committee had been appointed to enquire into the state of the bank paper here and in Ireland , and it appeared from their report , that the value of the paper issued by the bank of Ireland , in 1797 , that the issues had not exceeded 6 or 700,000l . and the exchange between London and Dublin was at 5½ and 6¾ after that , in 1804 , the issues had increased to 2,986,000l . and the exchange to 18 . In Belfast , the exchange was in their favour , and a person wanting a guinea was forced to give two shillings 280 for it , which was necessarily owing to the depreciation of paper . It appeared , then , that the Irish bank paper was in a progressive state of depreciation , and for this assumption he had very high and great authority , and that of a description which most of the gentlemen opposite would not be disposed to dispute , for the facts on which he assumed the depreciation of Irish paper , were to be found in the report of that Committee , which was composed of Mr. Pitt , lord Castlereagh , Mr. Yorke , Mr. Rose , Mr. Long , Mr. Vansittart , Mr. Manning , sir John Sinclair , Mr. Thornton , and others . When he had such authority , it could not be denied that he was correct in his statement . But in addition to this , he had also to refer to the opinion of an hon . member ( the member for Old Sarum ) who acknowledged that the paper in Ireland was depreciated , the reason of which was , the discount upon the country . Before the House agreed to make the paper of Ireland a legal tender , it ought to be shewn that the paper , which was depreciated in that country in 1804 ( according to the report of the Committee ) was not now in that state , but in such a one as authorised the House to make it a legal tender . He conceived that it was impossible to make out that case ; but if the enquiry which he proposed was instituted , the result would be , that the bank paper of Ireland was more depreciated now than it had been in 1804 , and this fact would appear from an examination into the state of the exchange , and into the value of the paper , compared to the discount . If