the extension of the commerce of Great Britain . He expressed his conviction , derived from experience of the proceedings of a committee four years ago , that little or no benefits would result from the enquiry about to be commenced . He therefore rather assented to the appointment of a committee as a negative good , and to prevent misconstruction ; and he trusted that the investigation would be conducted in a fair , temperate , and candid manner . In reply to the speech of another hon . gentleman ( Mr. Baring ) he maintained , that the government of the United States did insist strenuously not only on the repeal of the Orders in Council , but of the blockade of 1807 . After noticing the impossibility that mechanics taken from their looms could be competent judges on a question of such vast magnitude , and asserting that the distresses of trade proceeded from the glut of 1809 , and the disturbances from the high price of provisions , he concluded by staling his willingness to go into the committee , for the purpose of quieting the public mind . He reprobated the introduction of such topics as the riots in Nottinghamshire , and the scarcity , in a discussion on the present subject ; nevertheless , if the yellow fever raged in the country , and it was the belief of many persons that it proceeded from the Orders in Council , he would consent that the subject should be examined , merely for the sake of removing the false impression . in explanation , said he had not stated that the Berlin Decree was a mere municipal regulation . He wished to enquire whether , if it should appear that the Orders in Council constituted the principal cause of the present distress , his Majesty 's government would give up the measure , or persevere in their former declaration ? replied , that he did not feel it necessary in this stage of the business , before any enquiry had been made , to enter into any pledge or promise as to his future conduct . Supposing , however , that it were proved that 1112 the distresses complained of were in some degree , or altogether , occasioned by the Orders in Council , it would still remain a question for parliament to decide , whether , weighing the disadvantages against the benefits , they should be abandoned . He was fully persuaded that the result of the examinations would be , that the distresses now felt ( in the only year out of the four in which the Orders in Council existed in which they had been complain-ed of ) originated in causes completely distinct , connected with the excessive commerce previously carried on . He would , therefore , give no pledge as to his future determination . thought that he could answer his noble friend 's question , though the right hon . gentleman would not . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had been asked whether he would consent to the committee ? —His answer was in the negative . Consulting his friends , however , he found among them such strong symptoms of disaffection as induced him to alter his determination . The Chancellor of the Exchequer was now asked if he would repeal the Orders in Council after the report of the committee had been made ? His answer was , No . If the right hon . gentleman should discover , however , that desertion was likely to ensue , and he should be left in a minority , when the time arrived no doubt he would be as ready to repeal the Orders as he was to consent to the committee upon them . referring to the accounts just received by the . American papers , of Mr. Madison 's Message to Congress , relative to an authorised agent being employed by the British government to foment the separation of the Eastern State from the Union , and ascertain the sentiments of the people of Boston on that topic , wished to ask the noble lord opposite