of the Prince of Wales I have a right to speak , and to say this—that the Catholics had just ground to expect , not perhaps that he would exert that personal influence in their favour which his father had exerted against them , not perhaps that he would tell the servile circle of his court , that the throne and the altar with which that throne is connected , stand on a firmer and broader basis than religious Exclusions and disabilities can supply to them , but that he would at least have procured that fair consideration of their petitions , which it is vain and idle to pretend can ever be had while the right hon . gentleman is at the head of the government . I am sure that I have as little personal interest as any individual in the overthrow of the present administration ; and I am sure that no man approved more entirely than myself of the rejection by my two noble friends of the otter which the right hon . gentleman advised the Prince Regent to make to them for the purpose apparently of being rejected . The poet says , `` Desire of greatness is a godlike sin . '' and , under honourable circumstances , it is surely no sin at all ; but under the circumstances attended by which it was suggested to those noble lords , desire of greatness would have been a sin against every honourable principle , the maintenance of which alone can make men either estimable in themselves , or useful to their country . My opinion , however , and my approbation of the conduct of those noble lords , is of little value to them , and of no importance to the country . But if instead 836 of the humble individual who now addresses you , I were a person of illustrious birth and eminent situation ; a person on whose decisions the destinies of this country might very essentially depend ; and if , being such a person , and having in the year 1809 expressed most strongly and distinctly my approbation of the conduct of those noble lords , in refusing the offer of official situation which was then made to them by his Majesty , I should now , in consequence of their rejection of a similar offer , for similar reasons , withdraw from them my support and approbation , I think that , however some interested individuals might rejoice in such an inconsistency on my part , that even they would not feel very confident of the continuance of this my new opinion , and that the country at large would hereafter be very little solicitous what opinion I might entertain on any subject , or whether I might entertain any opinion at all . The right hon . gentleman , however , twice rejected by those noble lords , whose principles he declares to be ruinous to the country almost in the same breath that he invites their assistance to his government , undeterred by their refusal , and sensible of the inefficiency of his colleagues , goes in quest of their aid , and careless what opinions he may associate to himself , acting apparently upon the principle of `` But ask not to what doctors I apply , Sworn to no master , of no sect am I , As drives the storm at any door I knock , '' he buckles on the whole armour of intolerance , and thus issues forth to the combat , almost single in opinion , but compelling into his array the convenient principles of his subservient colleagues . And , Sir , what is the argument which they defend to-night ? what the proposition of my right hon . friend which the House is de-sired to negative ? Is it the precipitate adoption of some undigested measure , which requires caution and delay ? Is it , as misrepresentation has described it , an attempt to innovate on the constitution , without security , and without regard to the safety of your establishments ? No , Sir !