appearance of discrepancy in the hon . gentleman 's assertions . At one time it was his dexterity , 315 and the next moment it was the refusal of others to take his situation , that kept him in it . His right hon . friend 's dexterity must certainly be very formidable , when there was no person on the other side who would venture to change places with him . But if it was not even choice but necessity to which his right hon . friend owed his situation , he must say , that it was a most fortunate necessity for the country . If the withholding of their services on the part of others was the means of preserving his right hon . friend to his country , then that refusal was a most important event in the history of England , and would be equally an important event to his character . It would shew that his fame , which was progressively increasing , and would increase to ages , arose , not from any ardent and sanguine love of power—that its spring was not in ambition , but that it was driven to display itself by the disinclination of others to strengthen the administration , to share in the toils and perils of his situation . It was pleasing to him to say , that he knew no minister who had better graced his preeminence ; and under his auspices , he was confident that this country would not be reduced to the disgraceful alternative mentioned by the hon . gentleman opposite.—The hon . and learned gentleman concluded by saying , that if any blame was to be attached , in the present circumstances of the country , to the Orders in Council , the late ministers were to be charged with the responsibility of issuing the first of them , and of establishing their principle ; and by alluding to the report of the French minister for foreign affairs , who , in his report to the Conservative Senate , of the 10th of March , laid it down as a maxim what would ultimately destroy the naval superiority and maritime rights of Great Britain , namely , that `` free ships made free goods . '' Buonaparté was now sending forth his thunders to the Baltic , and Great Britain should be roused thereby to more determined resistance . When Mr. Stephen sat down , Mr. Lushington begged to remind the Committee , that the business before them at present was merely the Estimates for the Barrack Department . said , that if the chairman had not called the attention of the Committee to the immediate business before them , he certainly should have done so ; he would not however take up much of its time . The hon . and learned gentleman 316 who spoke last , had indulged himself in a most lavish panegyric on his right hon . friend . Why not ? Was it not most natural that he should do so ? For if the right hon . gentleman had by any calamity not been minister , the hon . and learned encomist never would have had the place he now held . The hon . and learned gentleman had advised his hon . friend to become editor of Moore 's Almanack ; but he would ask the hon . and learned gentleman whether his hon . friend 's foresight was defective in every other respect except changes of the weather . His hon . friend had foretold that this country , under the management of the right hon . gentleman , would be neither prosperous nor happy : and now for a few plain matter of fact questions . Two years ago the right hon . gentleman effected his loan at 70 in the 3 per cents . ; last year at 04 ; and he should like to know was that any mark of extraordinary prosperity ? Did he expect this year to get it higher than 59 ; and would this also be a step in the national prosperity ? Were these calculations