, and which stood as obstacles in their way . I know , my lords , there are different opinions held respecting civil rights , as connected or unconnected with political power ; but few will hesitate to acknowledge that there is a difference between political rights and civil power . I know , too , that it is held by some to be of the very essence of persecution to prohibit any particular form of religious worship . To suppose that persecution exists exclusively in respect to religious worship , is an erroneous doctrine . Such prohibitions , however , have been carried into effect in 609 different ages , and in states of very different characters , and though it may appear paradoxical , I hesitate not to declare my belief , that certain species of religious worship may be prohibited in many instances , in a manner perfectly consonant with the welfare of the state , and consistent with its political interests . I , however , am far from inculcating persecution although I venture to say that there might be a state of religion in a country , which it might be the duty of the state to prohibit . Religion is not a mere matter of commerce between man and his Creator , but a lively motive of public action , and however it may become matter of conscience , it must become also , like other things , a motive of human conduct , and of necessity , a subject of human laws . A great many crimes have been frequently committed under the pretence of religious feeling ; and sometimes , undoubtedly , with a full , ( however misguided ) persuasion of fulfilling a conscientious duty ; and when such principles become thus embodied with human actions , it surely becomes the duty of the state to interfere . I state these extremities with a view to probe this question to the quick ; for when I hear it argued , that persecution consists in prohibiting religious worship , I say , that the rule is , that a state has a right to prohibit that of which the prohibition is essential to its security . This is matter of necessity ; for , to use the words of a learned lord , `` necessity creates the right—necessity limits it , and the very instant you pass the bounds of that necessity , you act unjustly ; '' and if , after the moment when that necessity has ceased to exist , the same measures of exclusion which gave it birth , are still persisted in , from that very hour , there will revert to those , on whom the exclusion operates , not an absolute right ; for this I can not admit , because there could be no such positive right , without the fair means of enforcing it ; but there does , in my judgment , revert to them , the strongest possible claims for relief from that exclusion . And , on the other hand , it is a strong stretch of state justice to say , that persons professing a tolerated religious faith , and whose loyalty and known principles are unimpeachable , should still be designated as unfit to be trusted in public offices . I shall now , my lords , trouble your lordships with a few of those detailed considerations which this question naturally suggests ; and here I must beg leave to 610 lead your lordship 's attention back to all the laws of which the Catholics complain ; to the true causes of such laws ; and to in-treat of you to consider attentively the times and circumstances in which they were enacted ; and then to reflect dispassionately , in an impartial review of the subject . Knowing , as I do , my lords , the origin , the cause , and the state of the laws , I have no hesitation in saying , that so far `` from what the noble and learned lord opposite to me has slated being true , namely , that they