hon . gentleman ? Did he mean to say , that the monarch should be the head of a party instead of the impartial guardian of the welfare of his country ? Would he insinuate such a doctrine ? If he would , then he insinuated a doctrine more unconstitutional , more breathing the spirit of aristocratical confederacy , more extraordinary and unjustifiable than any he ever heard advanced in that House . If he did not mean that ; if he had no such views ; if his mind had no leaning towards recent events ; if he had no allusion , at the moment to the disappointment of persons who had been distinguished as the friends and companions of the Prince , more than his present advisers had been , then he should be ready to apologize for his misconception of him ; but he apprehended it would be difficult for those who cheered the sentiment so warmly , to prove that that was not the meaning of the hon . gentleman , or that it was not their interpretation of it . But to proceed to the question they then had to consider , a question that had been brought before them , in his opinion , with a great deal of unnecessary pomp and importance . The renowned champions of constitutional principles , the great advocates of constitutional rights , were eager to declare and vehement to maintain—What ? —that the King should not have a private secretary ! that the head of the executive government should not be relieved from that manual and bodily labour which any other person in the kingdom , having only half as much to do , would certainly be ! that was the great object they now had to consider . In furtherance of that object , the instrument by which col. M'Mahon had been appointed private secretary to the Prince Regent , was moved for merely to ground upon it a Censure of the appointment 345 itself , or a declaration of its inutility . He saw , indeed , no occasion for the production of those papers , for they would tell no more than what the House already knew . If they specified the precise duties which col. M'Mahon had to perform ; if they pointed out what he was to read and what he was not , what he was to write and what he was not ; if they contained that kind of specification , then there might be some grounds for their production ; but they contained none of those particulars ; they contained simply a notification that colonel M'Mahon was appointed private secretary to his royal highness the Prince Regent . They who had any ulterior views , they who thought the instrument illegal , would of course vote for the production of the papers ; but they who had no such views , nor such opinion as to the legality of the instrument , would take an opposite course . The proper mode of proceeding , in his apprehension , was to debate the point of its illegality or unconstitutionality , and its expediency ; for when it had been shewn , as he believed there would be no difficulty in shewing , that the appointment was not illegal , it might still remain questionable as to its necessity . He was at a loss to conceive how any person could regard the act as illegal and unconstitutional . Was it contended that the crown had no power to create a new office ? If it was , he would refer those gentlemen who entertained such an opinion , to the statute book for proofs that such a power was constitutionally vested m the chief magistrate of this country . The statute of queen Anne recognized new offices appointed by the crown , but only disqualified the holders from seats in parliament . But he denied that it was a new office in the strict and literal sense of the word . The situation which colonel Taylor held about his Majesty , was one exactly similar to that held by colonel M'Mahon