the Board of Trade were actuated , varying as it did every day , and thereby giving rise to the most mischievous speculations . The correspondence to which he referred , proved the existence of a trade in buying up licences which had expired , and fabricating excuses to the Board of Trade to induce them to renew such licences . Adverting to a correspondence from certain persons in Bourdeaux to an agent in this country , he stated , that in one letter the foreign correspondent directed his agent to give 3,000 franks for an expired licence , and to send it to him , that a story might be fabricated , or himself to fabricate a story such as might be calculated to induce the Board of Trade to renew it . In another letter a similar measure was recommended , and it was stated , that a traveller would be sent to meet the agent in England , so that the matter might be more cleverly concerted . It was also in the knowledge of this correspondent , as expressed in his letters , that another person had already successfully practised this iniquitous fabrication . In other letters this correspondent informed his agent , that if he could get two licences , one for the Isle of France , and another for Guadaloupe , he might give for the former 500l . and for the latter 700l . ; and these sums he was afterwards authorised to increase to 2000 guineas . These sums , it was to be observed , were offered , not as if licences were an article which could be dealt in , but actually as bribes ; and the same correspondent seemed to think that , by offering additional bribes , he could get the conditions of licences changed . Gentlemen might smile , supposing that he imagined that the Board of Trade had been bribed . That was not an idea which had ever entered his mind ; but this he must be allowed to say , that the Board might have been necessitated to take advice from persons who had been bribed . Whether the licences so wished to be purchased had or had not been obtained , he ( Mr. Herbert ) had no knowledge . But this , at least , did appear , that there existed a belief in the ports of France that they might be obtained through bribery ; a belief which it was hardly probable should 416 have existed , unless it had been founded on experience . The only argument the right hon . gentlemen had used , or could use , for this practice , fraught with so many evils , and with so much ignominy to the country , was the recriminating one , that similar licences had been issued by their predecessors ; but this fell altogether short , both in the extent to which , and the principle on which former licences had been issued . It was his opinion that the House of Commons ought to mark their sense of these proceedings , and therefore he should conclude by moving the following Resolution : That the House sees with regret the system of fraud and perjury recognized and protected by the high court of Admiralty , as justifiable and necessary under the present circumstances of the commerce of the country ; the abuses and corruptions to which the system is liable ; the depraved example it holds out to the morals of the nation , dangerous to the fundamental principles of evidence , and encouraging a disregard of truth in courts of justice , where truth only ought to be admitted ; as well as the unprincipled monopoly of conducting trade with an enemy by means of licences , from which neutral nations are excluded , on a plea of necessity , subversive of the most sacred principles of the laws of nations . '' expressed his utter astonishment at the motion just read , calling upon the House to pass the strongest censure upon the Court of Admiralty , without the slightest testimony being adduced to prove