ambition to attain possession of those honours and distinctions , which their fellow-subjects enjoy ; but you absolutely diminish the number of mal-contents . The very danger which you now apprehend exists entirely in these very distinctions . And if I could suppose a country where there was no religion , but where a portion of the subjects were precluded by law from following their objects in all the ordinary ways of human life , the same discontent must necessarily exist . Now , the dangerous disposition of the Catholics has been supposed to be contained in their tenets . But , I contend , that you have no right to suppose any danger , from the examination of those tenets ; but to rely upon the ordinary and accepted compacts of the society in which we live . Now , in that point of view , I would ask , what is the security that is offered to you by these people ? they give you their oaths , they give you their protestations , as far as they will go , and they give you their past conduct , and the pledges of their future conduct , for the sincerity of their intentions . They give you the example of Catholic conduct in every other Protestant state of Europe , they give you the declaration of all the learned Catholic Universities upon the continent ; and they give you the solemn declaration of the last free Pope , 621 who has alleged the same thing , and who has abjured them from all those dreadful tenets that you hold to be so fatal to your state establishments . But still you will not be satisfied . Why ? because the council of Lateran , Pope Martin 5 , the emperor Sigismund , Joseph Hess , and others , have held opinions different to what the Catholics now profess ; and yet the parliament of Great Britain would , in their wisdom and liberality , oppose the prejudiced opinions and musty doctrines of ancient times , against the practice of all Catholic Europe—against the loyalty , the integrity , and virtue of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , and above all , against the declaration of six great Catholic Universities , and that of the last free Pope . Really , my lords , with such incredulity , I do not know how it is possible to meet such arguments . But it is maintained that those circumstances of Catholic conduct , and Catholic professions , are no rule to go by now , against the Catholic tenets of former times . But I have always thought this a very gross and slavish perversion of terms . Suppose I were to say that parliament was omnipotent . Suppose I was to assert that the King is immortal , is all perfect , and can do no wrong : it is certainly a maxim of our constitution that the King can do no wrong ; and parliament , in its legislative character , has obtained the imputation of omnipotence . But to go into fantastical notions upon the subject , however plausible they may appear in theory , would be very unworthy the dignity of parliament , because , when they are reduced to practice , they are perfectly inconsistent with the spirit of liberality : and yet will a wise parliament propose an impediment to the claims of the Catholics , by a decision exactly of the same nature—the immaculacy of former councils , whose doctrines are long abjured and exploded . It can never be argued with any degree of gravity , I apprehend , that the Catholics of this day would revive any exploded doctrines , when once-they should come into a participation of power . What , I ask , is the reasonable test by which you-may judge of their tenets at the present day ? The only fair and just criterion is the established practice of the whole body of the Roman Catholics in-all the states where that is the religion . Suppose I wished to enquire , for my own private satisfaction , what