very early period of life , confirmed by observation and reflection since , and which lead me to the more decided conviction of the wisdom and policy of supporting the motion that will be the subject of our deliberation to-night . —My lords , as far as my information goes , the statement of my noble friend , notwithstanding the length of time in which the subject had occupied the public attention , though nearly two months notice have been given in both Houses of the intention to press this question upon the consideration of parliament this session ; yet it was not till Saturday last that it was surmised in the University that such a Petition as this was in contemplation ; and it was not till Sunday , a day usually devoted to other concerns , that the promoters of the Petition formally promulgated their purposes . The subject was discussed on Monday morning , before those who were necessarily absent on various duties , could attend in their places , to give their concurrence or intimate their dissent . I know that several persons , if they had had timely notice of the intention to submit this proposition to the University , would have attended to give their negative to it . ( Hear , hear . ) I have authority to state , that if the reverend and learned prelate , who held the highest situation in the University , next to the illustrious person whom it has the honour to have at its head , had not been accidentally absent when the Petition was proposed , he would have given it his opposition . Such are the circumstances under which this Petition has been carried ; and I request your lordships to bear in mind the statement of my noble friend , that only fifty-eight persons out of the houses that voted , had supported the proposition , belonging to a body of seven or eight hundred . The Duke of Norfolk.—I think that the 509 circumstances warrant an inference , that if the subject had been deliberately considered , the decision would have been different . presented a Petition from the Roman Catholics of the county of Galway , same as the general Petition . presented a Petition of the same kind , from the Roman Catholics of the county of Down . presented the Petition of the Catholics of the county of Clare . presented a Petition from a number of Christians to the same effect as several other Petitions already received , all in support of the concessions required by the Catholics . Ordered to lie on the table . moved the order of the day , for a Committee to take into consideration the Claims of the Catholic body , for the removal of the disabilities under which they labour . The Order having been read , rose and said : My lords ; The Petitions on the part of my Catholic countrymen , which your lordships have heard read , are sufficiently explicit in stating the objects of the petitioners , four millions of your fellow-subjects , the Irish nation . What are the grievances of which they complain ? —That they are excluded from the enjoyment of those constitutional privileges , which they claim as the birth-right , and the inheritance of every member of the British Union . What is the remedy for which they make their firm , but respectful appeal to the justice of this House ? —The removal of unjust restrictions—the revival of suspended right . This is not a new question , brought forward for discussion , now , for the first time . Your lordships have already heard the weighty arguments , by which the affirmative side of it stands supported , repeatedly put , with all the appropriate force , which talent and zeal will always give to a good cause , to every objection , which the apprehensions of his own mind have ever suggested to the well intentioned alarmist , the strong powers of truth and reason applied , again and again , with irresistible effect ; and bigotry itself