these is the Coronation Oath ; but as no one has resorted to it in the present discussion , I presume I may consider it as relinquished , and therefore shall not abuse the patience of the House by canvassing its merits . Another argument , that falls within this class , and to which much weight has been ascribed , is founded on the protection which the Church establishment receives from those laws which are described as fundamental . But surely my learned friend , and those who relied on this objection , did not mean by the term fundamental laws—laws over which the legislature had lost its competence . It surely will not be maintained , that any legislature could for ever divest itself of the power of executing its proper functions , and render itself incapable of making regulations suitable to the exigencies of the interests over which it presides . To argue thus would be to set the Church above the State , in direct contradiotion to the principles of the constitution , and to one main object of the policy of our ancestors . Another impediment , which falls under this head of objections , was formerly urged against the measure ; and though I have not heard it brought forward in the present debate , and though I am convinced it is an opinion that can never be entertained by more than a very few individuals within these walls , I can not permit it to pass without notice , because it is calculated to make a most mischievous impression on the people of Ireland , and because it derives importance from the authority of the person from whom it originated . Should the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Perceval ) upon more mature reflection have abandoned it , I am sure he will have the beneficial and becoming candour to avow his change of sentiment . If I should have the satisfaction of hearing it is to be numbered among the extinct and deserted objections , I shall most willingly leave it to its fate , and consign it for ever to its sepulchre . The position to which I allude is , that the Union is a bar to the measure . If I should find it still persevered in , I shall , in contradiction to it , refer to the instrument of Union itself , the fourth article of which expressly reserves to the united parliament the power of altering the oaths . I shall appeal against it also to the debates of that period on both 870 sides of the channel , to the subsequent conduct of Mr. Pitt , and of my noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) who had so prominent a share in that transaction . That there never was any specific pledge made to the Catholic body I have more than once declared ; but that their expectations were excited by the language of the most eminent statesmen of that time in both parliaments , that they acted under the influence of such expectations , and that the accomplishment of the measure was much facilitated in consequence of the impressions they had received , can be a matter of question with no men at all conversant with the history of that great arrangement . If therefore the Union is to be set up as an obstacle in the way of the Catholic claims , I must , in vindication of myself as well as of those with whom I acted at that period , protest against such an argument , as not only founded on a most erroneous view of the facts , but in every respect most imprudent , ungenerous , and unjust . And I trust that though the issue of this night 's discussion should not prove favourable to the immediate consideration of their claims , the Catholics will not attribute the decision of the House to any impression that the Union is an impediment to the object of their Petition ; but that the members on a division will evince to them that they may ultimately look with confidence to