concealment . Nothing also would be so likely to give a new tone of feeling to officers in general , as the consciousness that the legislature would review their proceedings . He should , therefore , vote for the motion . expressed himself to be of the same opinion . The refusal to grant the paper moved for , shewed that some abuses did exist ; he thought , therefore , it ought to be produced ; and in voting for that production , he disclaimed any intention of censuring the commander in chief , or the military system of which he was at the head . declared , that when the right hon . and learned gentleman announced his intention to oppose the motion , he had expected to hear rather more cogent reasons for his so doing . He had talked indeed of the necessity of producing some grave case as a foundation for this motion , but he seemed to forget that many such cases had been already brought before the consideration of the House . He had himself on a former occasion stated the instance of several men who had died at Gibraltar in consequence of flogging , as declared by the surgeon in the first instance , although he was afterwards induced to alter the return to `` died of fever , '' and he had also stated , that several officers who had refused to join in that barbarous proceeding , had been dismissed the service , although on their return to this country they were reinstated on the representations of a distinguished officer ( lord Hutchinson ) to the Commander in Chief . He had recently seen in the public prints , many statements of suicide committed , in order to avoid this dreadful punishment , and that those men who had attempted suicide ineffectually , had actually received additional punishment for the attempt . To these statements he was inclined to give credit , because they could not be made , if false , without danger to the publishers . As to the compliments so often paid to the officers of the army , he believed , and he was not inclined to flatter any man , particularly 377 in that House , that like the rest of their countrymen , they were not deficient in humanity , but it was the frequency of these spectacles of horror and suffering that necessarily familiarised them to such scenes , and gradually extinguished all the livelier sympathies of their nature.—He had once mentioned to the House the case of a man of 70 , who was condemned for some trivial offence to be flogged . He pleaded that he had been 50 years in the service , he pleaded too the excellence of his general character , and that it was not the pain but the shame , and the shame only , that alarmed him . In spite of every remonstrance however—notwithstanding his age and his long and meritorious ser vice—he was flogged . In the Isle of Wight , no long time ago , a boy of 16 was sentenced to the same punishment , and he pleaded his youth in mitigation . But neither the feebleness of age , nor the in discretion of tender years availed against the supposed necessity of making military examples by the application of the disgraceful lash ; for example surely was the only object , as it could not be said to be improvement . To him it appeared astonishing that men having the forms and feelings of their species could hear with indifference and coolness , the recital of such atrocious cruelties . The situation of the English soldier was at this moment scandalously unprotected ; no coroner 's inquest sat upon his remains , he was confined where no friend could approach him , to whom he might relate his tale of woe , or from whom he might receive the consolation of a sympathising concern . He had lately heard of the case of a man named Tork , who being ordered to be flogged , his wife set out from Yorkshire