in a gale of wind , for which , in his opinion , his right hon . relation ( Mr. Yorke ) would long live in the recollection of the navy . approved of the measure . , of Kerry , said , that sir Samuel Bentham had asserted his having seen his plan carried into execution in foreign parts . Had this been enquired into ? had the highest respect for Mr. Rennie as a civil engineer ; but at the same time he thought any thing coming from sir Samuel Bentham , civil engineer of the navy , was deserving of great consideration some of whose objections to 22 Mr. Rennie 's plan , owing to some informality were , he understood , never yet examined into . It might be questioned whether the improvement was equal to the expence , which although estimated at l,100,000l . would in the end probably amount to two millions ; and it might also now be doubted from the opinions delivered , whether this work would bring about any relaxation in the blockading system . He was glad , however , that something was likely to be done ; nothing being so bad as indecision ; yet before going too far it might be advisable to enquire farther into the practicability of the measure . held the objection of a fleet getting out of Brest before it was possible to get out of the Breakwater perfectly nugatory . He lamented that the work was not begun in 1806. imputed the supposed necessity for this Breakwater to the usage of making men of war take in their masts , & c. in open roadsteads , instead of going into harbour for that purpose ; a practice which occasioned the greatest discontent in the navy , as it prevented the sailors from ever getting on shore . Under the existing circumstances of the country , he thought every expence not absolutely necessary ought to be avoided , but , if he might be permitted to do so , he would move as an amendment to the question before the House , `` That towards the construction of this Breakwater , a duty of 50 per cent . be levied on all Sinecures , which the committees of parliament had declared ought to be abolished , and a duty of 20 per cent . on all other sinecures . '' observed , that it was not competent to the noble lord to make such an amendment . All that the House could do was , directly to assent to or dissent from the motion for agreeing to the resolution . said , that the money which , according to his proposition , might be raised from the holders of revenue offices , would be much better employed in dropping stones into Plymouth Sound , than in giving Burgundy , Champagne , and dances to the ladies of London . thought the proposed naval arsenal at Northfleet more necessary than the Breakwater in Plymouth Sound . said , the Breakwater would in a very few years , by the saving it would occasion , more than repay its expence , He thought that both the arsenal at North- 23 fleet and the present work were necessary ; and that we had not yet done enough . Mr. Bentham was not , as had been stated , civil engineer of the navy , and had at present sufficient occupation in his own department . The sum wanted at present was merely to enable the necessary preparations to be made ; and no pains would be spared to get information with respect to the carrying the plan into execution . The resolution was then put and agreed to rose and said , it would depend very much on the answers he should receive from the noble Secretary of State for the War Department , whether he would assent to the Bill then going into the committee , or move that the order should now be discharged , that it might be renewable for a future day . There were some very important points , connected with the