Those days are past ; and the taste for such uncouth tyranny is gone for ever . Who reproaches ( as it would be most unjust to do ) the university of Oxford , with holding , in these days , all the doctrines enforced in her far famed decree in the reign of James 2 ? Does any one stigmatize the venerable prelates and enlightened clergy of the English Church , by throwing in their teeth the sins of the court of ecclesiastical commission that domineered over men 's consciences in the reigns of Elizabeth , and James , and Charles ? No one imagines , for a moment , that the right rev . prelate , now at the head of the bench , ( who has proved himself to be the friend of toleration ) or his brethren the bishops of England and Ireland , entertain the high flown and exaggerated notions of the well-meaning , but obstinate and bigoted Laud . It would be most absurd to do so . The characters of the men and of the times alike forbid it . It is for the Catholics alone all our illiberality is reserved ; they atone are unchangeable ; with all the vices of their ancestors , and all their own to answer for , emerged in all the bigotry of the dark ages , and therefore unworthy of credit or countenance in the present day . It is 818 cruel to attempt to palliate our own harshness by such arguments as these ; it is unfair and unmanly thus to add calumny to injustice . If such had been the character of the Catholic religion , the human mind could have made no progress in the countries in which it prevailed . But we are all aware , that liberality of sentiment , religious toleration , aye , and rational freedom , too , have flourished in Catholic as well as Protestant soils . Were the Catholic cantons of Switzerland enslaved , and is Calvinistic Prussia free ? Learning , and the sciences , all the arts that tend to sweeten life , and to elevate the mind of man , have been brought to the greatest perfection among nations devoted to the religion of the Church of Rome ; and we ourselves admit , that under that faith , as under our own , man may improve in virtue here , and be prepared for a belter life hereafter . Let it be remembered ( as it was well urged two or three years ago , by the Catholics of England , in one of their petitions ) that the very first foundations of our civil liberty were laid at Runnymede , by our ancestors professing the faith of the Romish Church , and that we owe to Catholic valour the triumphs of Poictiers , Cressy , and Agincourt . Had it not been for the free spirit of our Catholic ancestors , that glorious monument of freedom , our Protestant constitution , never would have existed . Far be it from us then to suppose that the Catholics of the present day are so blind to the merits of their forefathers , as to be insensible to the blessings that originated with them , because they have been matured under a Protestant government . It is impossible not to admit , that those who are adverse to the Catholic claims , on the grounds to which I have adverted , reason in a manner most consistent with their own principles , in regretting the length we have already gone in the path of concession . If their principles are sound , their reasoning is most correct ; for it does appear the very height of absurdity to imagine , when all the power that property and influence can bestow , is put into the hands of a great body of men , that its possessors should refrain from exercising it , ( as political power always is exercised ) for the purpose of promoting their own fair interest , and of removing from themselves the pressure of any hardships , by which