for the destruction of the Protestant establishment , and the erection of their own upon its ruins . The question , then , comes to this , whether for the purposes of civil government , one religion be not as good as another , or whether , if one be more proper than another , the protection of that one ought to be entrusted to those who must be necessarily anxious for its destruction , instead of those who are most interested in its preservation ? Now , Sir , though I am unwilling to say any thing that might have a tendency to awaken religious animosity , I must observe , that I can not consider this as a mere political question , for it is a religious one also ; and every man who so considers it , ought to look into his own mind , and weigh gravely whether it would be right to relax the severities of the established religion . But even in a political view , historical reflection must recal many 865 events , the contemplation of which can not be favourable to these claims of the Catholics . It may be easy to compose declamations upon shewy theoretical principles ; but it is not quite so easy to give them a safe and practical operation . I would therefore advise every man to reflect on the history of the past , and then ask himself how far it can be prudent to give an accession of political power to the Catholics . It has been suggested , Sir , that this measure would reconcile all differences , and produce a cordial union amongst all parties . If I could view it in that light , I would be one of its warmest advocates , but I can see no hopes of its producing any such beneficial effects . On the contrary . Sir , I think the appointment of this committee would only tend to agitate and disturb the public mind , that it would open a new focus of inflammable matter , the more dangerous , because the lowest as well as the highest classes would be involved in the general ferment ; and a source would be established for perpetual party differences . Sir , the House has been told , that if these claims are not granted , Ireland is lost . This is a prophecy , however , which I do not clearly understand , and affords an argument in my view which , though used in favour of your petitioners , should operate directly against them . What are we to understand from it ? Do hon . gentlemen mean to say that the Irish Catholics would desert their duty , and refuse to defend their country against foreign invasion , if their claims are rejected ? Do gentlemen mean to insinuate , that they would themselves feel less inclined to support in such case the interests of their country ? Does the allegiance of the Catholics then sit so loose upon them ? I , who may be considered their opponent , do not join in this opinion of their advocates , because I hope they have a deeper sense of their duly . But if I still hear it asserted that Ireland in such a case would be lost , I must say that those whose allegiance sits so loose about them , are the very last who should be entrusted with any great portion of political power . Sir , I must once more express my regret at the frequent agitation of this question ; and I think it would be more for the interest of the petitioners themselves that it should not thus repeatedly be pressed forward . I think it is extremely desirable that the question should be set at rest one way or another . 866 Let the petitioners try the effect of time , and await the arrival of a period when perhaps parties may be brought nearer to a mutual acquiescence , and their case may be considered under circumstances more favourable to their hopes than they can now acquire