the system of extravagant expenditure that was pursued . The Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to lament it ; and it really would appear that he had not the means of its prevention , but must conform to the wishes of those in a higher quarter . The last ministry had given pledges , and had shewn some disposition towards retrenchment ; and he really believed that this was one cause why they had existed so short a time . Financial extravagance had been the destruction of all modern governments ; the first disturbances of the French Revolution had been occasioned by the unbounded profusion of the French 1141 princes ; and ministers should recollect , that he was the best friend to the stability of the government who suffered no opportunity to pass of recommending economy . The apathy of the Houses on subjects of this nature was really astonishing . They were become like extravagant spendthrifts , who durst not look their affairs in the face , and the deeper they plunged in difficulties became more indifferent as to the future . It was his opinion , that at the present rate of expence , two or three years would certainly put an end to the system . Yet with such things staring us in the face , the most profuse and unnecessary expences were recommended . The only way to obtain a solid peace was to shew our potent enemy , that , by a system of retrenchment , we were able to carry on the war to an indefinite period . contended , that it was highly necessary to erect barracks at Bristol ; first , with a view of relieving the innkeepers from the burdens they had to encounter by the number of soldiers who were continually quartered on them , and next on account of there being 5,000 French prisoners confined within four miles of the city . said , the objections of the inhabitants of Liverpool were , not to the erection of barracks , but to the place selected for that purpose ; which was one inhabited by the most respectable people of Liverpool , who did not object to the soldiers , having no doubt of their discipline , but to the people who sold liquor , soldier 's wives , and such description of persons as generally settled in the neighbourhood of troops . He intimated , however , that the commander in chief had expressed his readiness to meet their wishes , by the abandonment of San Domingo , provided any spot equally eligible could be procured . said the House ought well to consider , if it were necessary to erect the barracks at all . It was said the innkeepers would be released by the measure , but did gentlemen consider what a permanent expence these would entail on the Country ? If happily a peace were made tomorrow , these would still be an expence to the country . Might it not then be better to give the inn-keepers some compensation for the inconveniences to which they were subjected . If quartering the soldiers in Bristol would be too far from the French prisoners in that neigh- 1142 bourhood , why , he would ask , was Bristol a seaport , selected for a depot for French prisoners ? It had been slated on a former ; evening , that one of the reasons for erecting barracks in Mary-le-bone-park was , that if any disturbance should arise in the metropolis , they might be called one to crush it immediately . He admitted that government should have the means of putting down a riot at once , but with a view to effect this , was it necessary to have the military actually in the metropolis . What were the barracks at Houn slow , & c. for ? We had a sufficient number of troops with in two , or at most three hours march of the metropolis , to quell any such tumult . If the barracks were to be erected at all , he thought they ought to be built on a more