elevation in being the first to sheathe the sword when no object of utility can be effected , when war can be no longer subservient to that which is its only legitimate object , the security of peace ; the House will thus obtain at least a temporary cessation to the miseries and distractions of a bleeding world , they will excite afresh the powerful energies of a commercial people , they will furnish employment and subsistence lo an immense population at home , they will give stability and consolidation to our colonial dependencies abroad , they will raise the tone of national character in the estimation of surrounding countries , and connect the remembrance of our pacific achievements with the gratitude and attachment of millions for whose weal they legislate , and whose prosperity is inseparably combined with our own ; the Petitioners are aware that an appeal to the feelings of sensibility , or the power of imagination , would be incongruous , but they humbly solicit the attention of the House to higher and more definite principles ; and that before the evils which now press so severely on the various classes of society are extended and multiplied beyond the possibility of endurance , the Petitioners beseech the House to investigate their causes , to ascertain the effectual means of counteraction , and , from motives of policy , patriotism , and justice , to administer the appropriate remedies . '' requested that the noble lord who had the conduct of the measure , would put off the second reading until Monday , in order to give an opportunity for a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Sheri- 97 dan ) who was indisposed , to be present at the discussion . replied , that he did not feel authorised to postpone the second reading of the Bill , and must therefore move that the Bill be now read a second time . rose to give his decided negative to the motion . He was fully prepared to say , that no adequate ground whatever had been laid for the proposition now submitted . It had been said , that the population was greatly increased , but it could be proved ( hat the enlargement of the theatres had more than corresponded with the real increase in the number of play-going people . An account of the receipts and disbursements would even shew that this number of late had diminished , while on the contrary the expences of representation had greatly augmented . But there were other objections to the Bill , inasmuch as it went to supersede the royal prerogative of granting licences for dramatic exnibition . The patents now existing had been granted for national purposes , and ought to be defended against the encroachments of those who , on the plea of an increased population , were only seeking their own private advantage . He concluded by moving , That the Bill be read a second time that day six months . supported the Bill in a speech of considerable length , but in a tone of voice altogether inaudible . opposed the Bill , as ill-timed , when Drury-lane was rising like a phœnix from its ashes . The delay mentioned in the amendment , could not go the length of rejecting totally the principle of the Bill , but would give the House time to see , whether or no the public would be well accommodated at Drury-lane ; and in case that establishment did not answer the expectations which had been formed , then he firmly believed , that the Bill would not want support . He had no objection to new speculations in theatres , or any thing else ; but , it should be recollected , that the framers of the Bill had grounded their first application on the improbability of Drury-lane being ever rebuilt , but now the progress in the re-construction had surpassed the most sanguine expectations . He should , in consequence , vote for the amendment . maintained that the inhabitants of this vast metropolis had a right to be amply provided with