as subversive of their Church . Is it wisdom utterly to disregard such feelings ? Is it justice to trample on the opinions of a whole community ? Does consistency require that he who advises a measure when approved by both , the parties whom he wishes to conciliate , shall pertinaciously insist on it when decidedly opposed by one of them ? Or does the learned lord in the consideration of any question in the British parliament , regard it as indifferent whether it tends to the union or the separation of our empire ? The learned lord then read to you a paragraph , in which I speak of extensive and complicated arrangements , '' as necessary to be made on the subject of Ireland . These he would wish you to believe must have reference to the same measure of the Veto , or to some other connected with it ; and he calls upon me , in consistency with my opinion , to detail all these arrangements to your lordships in this debate ; and this he does in the very moment when he is exhorting you to refuse yourselves to all consideration of the subject ! You will judge which of us is most consistent with himself . But he has , in truth , misrepresented the purpose of this passage . Look at the context which he supposes , and you will see that I am there speaking , not merely of the inviolable maintenance of our religious and civil establishments , ( though this is a duty 698 which I never will abandon , ) but that I use the words in a sense still more enlarged . I am there combating an opinion falsely , sometimes maliciously , ascribed to the supporters of this cause , that the repeal of these disabilities is of itself sufficient for the good government and happiness of Ireland . And I declare my own conviction , that much more is wanting for that purpose . Do the King 's ministers doubt it ? Ill , indeed , are they informed of the condition of that country , if they are ignorant that it demands from the British government a different attention from any which they have hitherto bestowed upon it . I will not accept his invitation to enter on that subject now . Let him ask the noble Secretary of State , his colleague , what that question is which the noble earl fears to encounter , and staves off by the notable expedient of interposing another grievance ? I believe the answer will alone be sufficient to satisfy him that there are , indeed , extensive and complicated questions to be considered by any men who wish to perform their duty to that portion of the empire in a different manner from that in which the learned lord and his colleagues have hitherto discharged it . I speak not of occasional and temporary attention to occasional and temporary difficulties ; of such attention as the noble lords themselves have sometimes been compelled to give to the concerns of Ireland : I speak of a uniform and consistent policy , of a vigilant and anxious solicitude for her welfare , such as is due from every government and legislature to those whose interest it professes to administer . I will detain you no longer . There is no colour for the learned lord 's charges of inconsistency against me . The policy which I now advise I have always advised . The neglect which I now condemn I have always condemned . Its consequences are at this hour pressing on all our resources , weighing down all our exertions ; aggravating every difficulty of the empire , alarming all its friends , and encouraging all its enemies . And it would much better become the authors of all this evil to acknowledge and lament the effects of their own misconduct , than to bring groundless accusations against those who have laboured , but laboured in vain , to arrest the progress of those infatuated counsels , and to save their country from the calamities ,