country , had never been fulfilled . At the time when the Bank restrictions commenced in 1797 , many persons had indeed spoken in very strong terms , as men were apt to do , of the utter ruin attendant on such a course . For his part he had never used this strong language—but there were many intermediate stages between the injury and titter ruin of a country . In his opinion , all the predictions since 1797 , in opposition to that of the right hon . gentleman , had been substantially fulfilled . The supporters of the measure bad declared their belief , that the Bank would soon open again , and resume its payments in specie . This had been denied , and the contrary affirmed , viz . That the Bank would never pay in gold so long as this law lasted . Which of these predictions had been verified ? Some years ago , when the price of gold rose so high , and the course of exchange became so unfavourable , owing to the excessive issue of paper , it was said , on , the one hand , that this mischief would be still worse ; which , on the other hand , was denied . Whose prediction , in this case , he would again ask the right hon . gentleman , had been proved right ? Their difficulties had increased . They were in a worse condition last year than ever they had been before . How , then , were their predictions falsified ? The right hon . gentleman had told them , that no issues in other countries had ever resembled those of this . He agreed with 209 him on this point—none had ever exactly resembled It was therefore , that the progress of the mischief had been and would be slower in this country than in any other . But its progress was , nevertheless , inevitable , and in the nature of things . It was true , if our foreign expenditure was much decreased—if our issues from the Bank were more provident and wise than they had been , the evil might be deferred ; it might even disappear ; but then , it mast be a cessation of that system which the right hon . gentleman held to be necessary for the safety of the country . But though there was no exact resemblance between the paper currency of other countries , and that of Britain , there was , in many points , an agreement . There was an agreement in principle . The excessive issues from the Bank had rendered that company unable to fulfil its engagements to government and to the country . The Bank was , thereupon , compelled to put paper into issue to such a degree , as in its connection with government , caused that paper to become a government paper , and a forced government paper too ! —It had nothing to pay its dividends with , but this forced government paper . The good sense of the country , the attention of parliament , and the good management of the directors of the Bank , might also add to those causes , which would retard the progress of the evil that had been predicted ; but still , in principle , it resembled other countries , and the consequences were unavoidable . With regard to the extension of the mea sure to Ireland , there were one or two circumstances to which he begged leave to call the attention of the House . Ire land being much poorer than this country , and having a less capital , it might be sup posed that when the bank of England could no longer make its payments in gold , the bank of Ireland must have been in a similar state . But the direct reverse was , to his own knowledge , the fact ; Al the time the bank of England suspended its payments in specie , the bank of Ireland was as competent , ready , and willing to pay in gold as