yet succeeded in rendering subservient to injustice . But then , he tells us , if the present Pope should die who knows what successor may follow ? My lords , I know not , nor can any man predict . But if there be danger in that uncertainty , avail yourselves of the interval . Do you think the mischief will be obviated by waiting for it in listless inactivity ? By deferring , till that very exigency shall arise , this long expected act of conciliation which might best provide , against it ? Never can you believe , that by irritating your people against their own government , that by teaching them to despair of justice from Great Britain , you will detach them from foreign influence . Treat them as brothers , not as aliens , and they will cling to the constitution which protects them . Persuade yourselves , it is the surest method of persuading them , that the duties of a good Catholic and a good subject are perfectly compatible . Respect 672 they will respect themselves ; secure to them under their own government , the full enjoyment of religious freedom , and you may then hope that they will reject with scorn , the claims of any Pontiff imposed upon their Church by the public enemy of their country . But if you delay all healing measures , the wound may rankle till it becomes incurable . The danger which you fear is remote ; that which you incur is imminent . This protracted intolerance weakens all our measures of defence ; it paves the way for the long meditated enter prize of our enemy against that quarter of our empire , where all men know we are most vulnerable . Should he be successful there , be will not , even then , I hope , deprive us of the spirit to defend ourselves , but he will render that defence extremely problematical . The noble earl then flies to his last resource , the hacknied plea of every oppressor , the stale apology for all injustice . If you yield to these Petitions , he says , will the Catholics engage to ask from you nothing more ? Take your stand here ; if you once give way , where will you find the limits of concession ? I answer , you will find them wherever truth and justice have established them . If this request be fit to be conceded , concede it if more can with equal justice be demanded , give it with equal alacrity ; if the principle of the concession stops here , here also let your stand be taken . I had hoped indeed , that by the lessons of the last twenty years this sorry argument had for ever been exploded . In that short period we have reaped the experience of centuries , but it has all been lost upon us , if we have not yet learnt to distinguish between the improvidence of extorted submission and the wisdom of timely conciliation . The noble earl enquires from us the limits of the concession which we recommend : I ask him in return , where would the mischief of his principle be limited ? He advises you to deny justice through the fear of farther importunity ; to refuse a rightful claim lest it should encourage a groundless pretension . My lords , this is to sap the very foundations of all government . It is to violate the original compact of the British constitution . You have no right to require , none even to receive from the subjects of this realm , a promise to withhold their wishes or their interests from your consideration parliament 673 must important functions before it can thus stipulate with any class of the community . For what purposes are you invested with the powers of legislation ? Is this a right to be exercised for your advantage , or a trust to be discharged for the benefit of your country ? But to your lordships , all illustration of this principle is superfluous