oath before he came amongst us ? — ( Cries of Order ! Order ! from the Chair , and from the House . ) —Mr . Speaker ; whatever that hon . member can say , shall not rouse me to the use of any unparliamentary language . Where the hon . member got his information respecting me , I can not possible imagine ; but who ever told him that I come here retained for the Dissenters , told him a gross falshood . As to my being at the head of the dissenting body , and my having smallowed the test which he mentions , the hon . gentleman , as he takes so much interest respecting me , will be glad , perhaps , to hear , that I was educated in the Established Church ; that I have always attended places of religious worship according to the rites of the Established Church ; and that I do not recollect that I have ever been even out of curiosity in a Dissenting meeting house . .—I am much obliged to the hon . and learned baronet for his explanation ; and I can not but compliment him on the extraordinary feeling which he has shewn on this occasion . , —Sir ; at this late hour I shall detain the House but for a very few minutes , for not being myself a member of the Established Church , I can scarcely expect to be heard on this question without some distrust . My non . and learned friend who has just sat down , has told the House that he never to his knowledge attended public worship nor even entered the doors of a Dissenters ' meeting house . Now , Sir , I am not ashamed to say that I am in the constant habit of attending divine service in a house of that description , and I must inform the hon . gentleman over the way , ( Mr. Fuller ) for his comfort , that I stand here without having `` swallowed '' any 948 test , or taken any oath repugnant to my conscience . I am , Sir , one of the few Dissenters not precluded by scruples to certain oaths from entering within these walls ; but . Sir , although there are no impediments thrown in my way from entering here such as preclude the Roman Catholics , yet I am equally precluded with them under my religious sentiments , from holding any office of trust or emolument under the state . For although those sentiments do not render me ineligible to a seat in parliament , yet I can not avoid thinking that a strange anomaly in the law , which while it renders a man eligible to a seat in this House , and to aid in the making laws for the government of the realm , yet declare him unfit to sit as a magistrate in administering those laws even in the case of a turnpike road , or acting as an exciseman . Such , however , Sir , is my case and that of all those who think religiously with me ; and therefore in pleading the cause of the Roman Catholics I am contending also for my own . `` Nam tua res agitur paries cum proximus ardet . '' Sir , I believe there is no man in this House whose religious opinions differ more widely from those of the Roman Catholics than mine : but I feel that no just reason why they should on that account be precluded from enjoying the same civil rights and privileges under the same government with myself , to the support of which they as equally and as loyally contributed , and in the maintenance and security of which they must be equally interested . Sir , the vexatious and injurious nature of these incapacities have been justly , and I think not too forcibly stated by ray hon . and learned friend . They are precisely of the same nature with those inflicted for certain crimes to which the law has affixed the