. He conceived that if any minister should give such a pledge to the crown , it would be a high crime and misdemeanour in such a minister to give it , and that the house would neglect its duty , and betray its trust , if it did not impeach such a minister for giving such a pledge . He could not help thinking that this was a matter of more importance to the king , in another point of view , than to any of his subjects ; for if his counsellors were to pledge themselves not to advise his majesty upon any particular subject , when it might happen that it was their duty to offer him advice ; the most alarming effects might be produced from that pledge . A question more important to the crown than the present was hardly possible to be conceived : indeed , the doctrine he had heard that night led him , from the great respect he had for the 328 understandings of the gentlemen who maintained it , to suspect that all he had for merly heard concerning the proper privileges of a member of parliament , all he had heard of he duties of a confidential adviser of the crown , all he had read , and all he had hitherto been thinking of the principles of the constitution , and ail he had read on constitutional authorities , had been entirely wrong ; for he had always understood the doctrine to be , that the king could do no wrong ; and he had understood that maxim to be one in which the security of the public , and that of the honour and dignity of the crown , were united , and a maxim on which both these points materially depended ; for , by this sort of pledge , the whole nature of the responsibility of state affairs would be taken away ; there would be no security against the most traitorous intentions of irresponsible advisers ; for ministers would not be answerable , and could not be answerable , for any advice which they did not give ; and they could not give that which they stood pledged to withhold . This matter was the more alarming , when he learnt from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that he thought there were cases wherein his majesty acted without any advice whatever . Now , without meaning to involve his majesty in any kind of censure , this doctrine went to charge his majesty with the greatest censure . But the right hon . gent . said that the present motion went to bring his majesty to the bar of that house.— [ Hear ! hear ! ] There was no desire whatever to include his majesty in any censure tom what had been done ; nor had this motion any such tendency ; on the contrary , it bad a direct tendency to protect the king , and to support the maxim that he could do no wrong ; which could never be done by allowing any of his ministers to enter into a pledge not to offer him advice upon any given subject . Indeed , he could not help thinking there was much novelty in the doctrine of the right hon . gent. , who had taken on himself to say that there were acts in which his majesty exercised his prerogative without any advice whatsoever ; and this he appeared to speak from certain knowledge on some particular points . The words of the right hon . gent . were `` that to the best of his knowledge and belief , the king had no adviser upon that point of requesting the pledge—that he did not believe the king had had any adviser ; and that he did not think the country would believe the king had any adviser upon that point . `` —Now , he had always understood that there was no 329 exercise of the prerogative whatever , in which the king had not some adviser ; that even in calling certain persons