support given to them by a right hon . member ( Mr. Grattan ) , whom he should not attempt to panegyrize . That right hon . gent . possessed the confidence of his countrymen , and he approved of those ministers . With respect to the state of Ireland generally , he was sorry to observe , that a total ignorance of it existed in England . He regretted to see , like wise , that an apathy prevailed which might lead to the worst consequences . He was aware that this topic was unpalatable to many , and indifferent to more . For this , and other reasons , he did not wish to dwell upon the subject , but he could not dismiss it without asking whether it was of any importance to this country to have the support of 4 or 5 millions of people to co-operate in the present struggle against the common enemy ? [ A cry of hear ! hear ! ] Engaged as Great Britain was against the most enterprising and dangerous enemy , she had ever contended with , it must be of the utmost consequence to her to receive the support of such numbers in the moment of difficulty . The enemy was menacing the world with his numbers , and always boasting of his population : was it , then , at such a moment and under these circumstances , consistent with sound policy to damp the ardour , and repress the generous feelings , of as brave and determined a people as any in the world ? He left it his duty , to submit these considerations to the house , however unpleasant they might be to any one in or out of if , from th 307 firmest conviction that the principles of exclusion would be attended with the worst effects in Ireland . On all these grounds , he heartily supported the original motion . stated , that the original proposal of ministers went no farther than to make the act of 1793 valid in England . When they departed from this intention , it was their duty to explain it to his majesty ; but did they do so ? Did the noble lord explain those sweeping alterations , the tendency of which was to repeal the Test laws , as far as they regarded the army and navy ? As to ministers claiming any merit for having abandoned the measure , he thought they would be more entitled to the praise of consistency and the support of the house , had they persevered in it . As it was , it looked as if they meant to claim for themselves all the merit of having introduced the measure , and of casting upon their sovereign the obloquy of its rejection . What , in fact , was the nature of the pledge , as it was called , required from them ? They stipulate with their sovereign , that they shall be allowed to express their sentiments fully and freely upon a particular measure , when it shall come under consideration . To this he assents , but requires , at the same time , that he shall be no more importuned on a subject which is disagreeable to him . He says , in fact , 'You may do this , —but , when you have done so , let me hear no more about it . ' An allusion had been made to the conduct of king William , on a particular occasion . If the hon . gent . who made it , had carried his researches a little further , he would have found , that that great prince had been so teazed by his ministers , that he actually meditated the abdication of the throne . Gentlemen who made appeals to the house and the country , would also do well to say something in favour of the prerogative . Several allusions had been made , in the course of the debate , to the system pursued by the late ministers with respect to Ireland . Did it follow