house was made for the purpose of conducting the debates with decency and decorum ; and therefore , that the name of a member of that house was not allowed to be mentioned in the discussion of any subject under consideration . If that was the case , he looked upon it as much more disorderly to mention the name of a member of the other house , as it might be the means of creating animosities between the two branches of the legislature . He thought , therefore , he was strictly justified in calling upon the hon . and learned doctor to name the noble lord he had alluded to ; for such was his high respect for that noble personage , that he could not sit still , and hear such a charge made , without taking the notice of it he had done . conceived that the question of order had been decided by the chair , and that whatever imprudence there might be in the expression , it was not so disorderly as to authorize the call which had been made for the name of the noble lord alluded to . said , it was impossible for him to believe , till he heard it from the chair , that the hon . and learned gent. , after the charge he had made against a peer of the realm , should not be obliged to name that noble lord to whom he had alluded , that he might be proceeded against as the nature of his offence required . said , that being now called upon to declare his opinion , he would state it according to the best of his ability . As he understood the order of that house , it was not allowable to mention the name of any member , as it might tend to create altercation , and to interrupt the harmony and decorum of debate . He always understood , however , that it was competent to any member of that house , in the course of his speech , to allude 327 to the transactions and conduct of any public minister of this country , so as he did it in decent terms ; and that in so doing he was not obliged to name the party , nor did he thereby commit any technical violation of the orders of the house . admitted that he had spoken with too much warmth on the subject ; but if he had used any harsh expression , he was sorry for it . As well as he recollected , he had used the words , `` a noble lord not in this house . '' Now it would be recollected that there were many noble lords who were not members of either house . Having made this apology , he should not occupy the time of the house any longer . said , he should leave to the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) to state to the house , what had been promised to the Catholics of Ireland , and to assign , if he was able to do so , his reasons for now abandoning them : he had no desire to revive any animosities on account of religious differences of opinion . The question now before the house was one which involved most important constitutional doctrines : it was highly interesting to the people at large , and as interesting to the sovereign himself as to any of his subjects . It was , however , a question which , although it contained an abstract proposition , was necessary to be brought before the house , because it referred to a principle which had been recently acted upon . The true question before the house was , whether or not it was constitutionally justifyable , or rather whether it was not a high crime and misdemeanour , in any minister in the confidence of his majesty , to subscribe to a pledge that he would not offer any advice to his majesty which might appear to him to be essential to the interest of the empire