be less able to resist the application , and may not on the sudden be able to form a ministry , then we will advise you to do what you have declared in your conscience you never can do . What sort of policy did these ministers call this ? For these reasons the noble lord did not see the unreasonableness of the pledge demanded by his majesty from his late ministers . As to the secret advisers who had been talked of , all he had to say was , that no such existed : if the late ministers knew of such a person existing , let them bring forward proof of it . With regard to the difference of opinion which had subsisted between the present ministry on former occasions , he could only say there was nothing among them that was irreconcileable . But who were they who charged the present administration with disagreement upon public matters of opinion ? Why , truly , those who never agreed on any thing until they united to form an administration . Some of them had differed from each other on the treaty of Amiens . many more of them on the subject of the French revolution , and that most substantially and radically , and had treated each other with remarkable acrimony and asperity ; and therefore he owned his astonishment when he heard , from such a quarter , objections to an administration on account of its being composed of men who had formerly differed from each other upon matters of public policy . As to the principles of the present administration , the best thing he could say of them was , that they were founded upon pre-uniform and common feeling of regard and veneration for that great and illustrious man ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose loss was so much and so justly deplored , and whose principles of policy were models which the present administration had the ambition to imitate . What was the conduct of that illustrious statesman on this very question ? did he come forward in parliament to do what was now attempted to be done by the late administration ? No ; he abstained from it altogether . The noble lord then said , that he never had so much confidence in any other person as he had in that right hon . gentleman . All the praise the present administration could ever hope to 411 meet was from acting on his principles , and imitating him as much as possible ; for which reason , when out of power , they had never entered into any captious opposition . His lordship concluded with saying , that he hoped the present motion would not only meet the negative , but the reprobation of their lordships , pointed as it was against the sacred character of majesty itself . lamented that Ireland was always made the scene of faction and discord , by holding out and encouraging expectations that could not be gratified while the resolution of his majesty on the Catholic question was so decidedly fixed . He expressed considerable disapprobation of the conduct of the duke of Bedford , in permitting the disturbances in the west of Ireland to spread from one district to another , till at last seven different counties were involved in disorder and tumult , and this before any means were adopted for the purpose of suppressing them . At length the judges had been sent on a circuit through that part of the country ; but had they brought back the misguided men to a state of order and quiet ? If his information was correct , the case was very different . He said that many of the Irish Catholics were at present disaffected , and he would wish to give them a speedy and a positive denial , as to the indulgences which they claimed , that they should no further have hopes , that they should not hereafter have any ground for complaining of hopes deferred . There had lately been upon a northern circuit some persons convicted of riotous conduct ,