which the measure was to be carried . But this was not all ; even the Irish secretary had his doubts about it , and under these circumstances it was quite clear , that his majesty had only the act of 1793 in contemplation . Here therefore , he would close the first period , having established this , that his majesty was certainty not apprised of the extent to which the measure was intended to be carried . The next period was that in which the bill assumed the form in which it was brought into the house , when a reluctant assent was understood to have been given to it . And here when the Irish dispatch was received , it was ascertained that the design of the Catholic petition had not been abandoned on account of this measure . It was ascertained how the demands of the Catholics grew out of the relaxation of the laws respecting them . It was supposed that this would content them ; but it was understood from the Irish chancellor , that it would not , and that there were two or three other particulars which they required . They wanted to be sheriffs , to be admitted to corporations , and to be king 's council . This being the case , in the communications with his majesty , a proper explanation was not given , and though there was no intention to deceive , yet there was a highly blameable negligence on the part of ministers . His majesty , however , being averse to the bill , they attempted to amend it , and then agreed to withdraw it . And here commenced the third period . It appeared to him , that those who objected to a general pledge , overlooked the violation of the constitution on the part of ministers . They had recommended the measure as indispensable ; they said that not an hour was to be lost , and yet they agreed to withdraw it , and this they called `` a sacrifice of private feelings to public duty . '' It was the oddest sacrifice of private feelings to public duty he had ever heard of , to abandon a measure winch they had represented as indispensable that they might not be obliged to abandon their , places . How did the crown and ministers stand on that occasion ? they introduced a measure which they considered as essential to the welfare of the state , and then consented to withdraw it . Who was to be responsible for that ? If the minister was compelled to act contrary to his judgment , this brought in the sovereign as the responsible person . The king never stood in such a situation . Ministers stated that they would declare on the Catholic question that their sentiments remained the same as ever , and this threw the responsibility on the sovereign . Was that constitutional ? However , as to 319 this , the sovereign only expressed his regret—but ministers further stated , that they would from time to time bring the subject before him . They were to do this , though they knew that this was not a common opinion , which he might change , but a rooted principle , which he would never abandon . He was perfectly ready to admit , that ministers ought not to advise his majesty contrary to their judgment , but their duty was not to fetter the prerogative . Ministers need not have made these statements to his majesty , for they might have acted upon the principle without them . But this was , in fact , requiring a practical pledge from the sovereign , that he would not dismiss them for urging this measure upon them , and therefore it was necessary for him to have a pledge that they would not harass him . He accordingly exacted it , and they refused , for the reasons stated in the minute of council . Now , in what situation would this pledge have placed them ? They could go on till circumstances occurred