Augmentation on the Duties of Cus- toms upon Vinegar , Dye-Stuffs , and a few other articles 10,000 Together with other Items , amounting to 20,000 — Making altogether £300,000 Though the Sugar Duty imposed last session had failed to produce , the other duties had amply supplied the deficiency . The hon . bart . here enumerated the proportion in which each duty had exceeded in produce the amount calculated . Of the arrears and balances due of dead or removed collectors , £17,600 had been recovered within the last year ; but this sum was considerably less than would be recovered in future years , if the measures should be persevered in for two or three years . The sum of the arrears appeared greater this year than last year , in consequence of an arrear that had accrued in the hands of the Collector of Maryborough ; before he had been himself in office to the amount of £20,000 , orders had been issued 191 to the Board of Excise , to reduce the balances in the hands of Collectors under £100 . From this statement , he trusted , it would be manifest to the committee , that the Irish government had not abused the confidence that had been placed in it . They had a vote of credit for £400,000 , and they had issued but £76,000 . Measures had been taken for the reduction of 38 offices in the customs , and for carrying into effect the suggestions of the Committee of Inquiry . The trade of Ireland had improved in the last year , though there appeared a diminution in its exports . The value of the Imports for 1805 , was £5,982,000 Ditto for 1806 5,605,000 — Being a decrease of 377,000 — The Exports for 1805 8,436,933 Ditto for 1806 9,314,800 — Being an increase of £877,867 Which , added to the decrease in the Imports , made the improvement in the Trade of Ireland within the last year considerably above a million . The Trade to America had increased one third . The shipping of Ireland had increased in number 1–6 , in tonnage 1–9 , in seamen 1–3 ; the British shipping trading with Ireland had also increased 1–12 , whilst the foreign shipping bad decreased 1–10 , a circumstance which shewed , that the advantage of the whole increase of the trade remained within the empire . The Exchange had also fallen to 9½ per cent . a rate much lower than had been known for many years . With those proofs of the growing prosperity of that country he should conclude his statement , The hon . bart . then moved his resolutions , which were agreed to . wished to call the attention of the house to a subject of the greatest importance , and for that purpose rose to ask some questions of the president of the board of controul , or of the person who had lately filled that situation . On the subject to which he alluded , he could speak , perhaps , with more knowledge than any Who had heard him . It related to the state of India . He was not so vain nor so ill instructed by experience , as to imagine that any thing he could say would make any very strong impression on the house , or rouse them to give a more than ordinary attention to the subject which it was his object to press upon 192 their most serious consideration . But though experience had almost deprived him of hope on this point , yet there were some duties that survived even hope , and this was one of them . The questions which he was about to ask , were merely with a view to procure information , and it would depend on the answers , whether he should think it necessary to render them the grounds of any subsequent motion . The first question , then , was , why the accounts on which the East India Budget must be founded , were not as yet on the table , for the