the people of Ireland , and to the truth of such a principle he required no stronger testimony than that of the hon . gent . who had just sat down . As to the bill in its original form , he could not conceive what objection could be urged against doing that in those times , when the idea of a Popish ascendancy was laughed at , which was done when such a motion was really formidable . He could not for his part understand the distinction which had been attempted to be set up between the subjects of the king of these realms . His majesty , no doubt , expected allegiance from each and every of his subjects ; it was but reasonable that each of those subjects 455 should expect their due share of constitutional privileges . As to its great impolicy in taking from the national strength , it had been argued , by a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) upon a former night , that if the army and navy were so crowded with Catholics , the service did not suffer by reason of their political disabilities e but was it no discouragement to a set of men in any profession , to know that they were for ever prohibited from acquiring the ordinary rewards of perseverance , ability , and zeal ? As to the present ministry , he could not give them his confidence . Had they never been tried , he should object to them on the principles upon which they had succeeded to power . It had been asked , why condemn men before they have been tried ? He thought they had been tried , and tried sufficiently ; they had been `` tried in the balance , and found wanting . '' In the debate on the grant of the duchy of Lancaster , some comparisons had been made between the present and the late chancellor of the exchequer ; there was no point of view in which the contrast appeared to him to be stronger , than in the disinterestedness of the noble lord , and in the very interested manner in which the right hon . gent . appeared to him to have been seduced into the hazard of supporting the new administration . Much , had been said about the alledged impropriety of introducing the king 's name into a discussion of this kind : if this was a crime , it was in his mind , attributable solely to his majesty 's present ministers ; for what did they say—they admit the pledge to be unconstitutional—they admit , first , that it was wrong to demand such a pledge , and then they contend that in demanding that pledge , the king acted for himself , and without any advisers whatever : this certainly appeared to him to be a very curious way of defending their royal master . rose and spoke to the following effect : —it was my intention , Mr. speaker , to have immediately replied to the observations of the hon . gent . who spoke last but one . I felt anxious to have commented on some statements which fell from him , with a view of answering those charges which he attempted to insinuate against the late servants of the crown . If upon those charges I shall be able to do what I think I shall , then do I trust for his vote , then do I call upon him to support those very measures , the supposed non-performance of which he has , this night , stated to be the 456 causes of his objection to the late administration . Certain that I shall be able fully to convince him on these points , I now feel it my duty to call him back to that opinion , which , to my knowledge , he entertained within the last month , with respect to the national services performed by the late servants of the crown , and to the probable and practical benefits which would result from their administration .