say where they went to . '' Examined by the House . `` From what part of Ireland do you come , and what are your family ? My family are from the county of Westmeath , in Ireland.—Are you any relation to the bishop of Killala ? I am a nephew to the bishop of Killala.—Were you present in the room at Somerset House during all the time , during which Mr. S. and Drake were there ? I was.—Did you hear all that passed between Mr. S. and Drake ? I did.—Were you so situate as to be able to hear every thing that passed between Mr. S. and Drake ? was , I was nearer to Mr. S. than Drake was ; there was no low tone of voice made use of by the company , and it was impossible for Mr. S to have made any offer to Mr. Drake or Mr. Weatherhead , that evening.—You are certain nothing then passed which you did not hear ? Positively.—And you are certain nothing passed between them on the subject of money ? Certainly not.—What were the circumstances that induced you to think it desirable that Mr. Drake should be carried before Mr. Graham ? From the substance of the examinations that were taken before Mr. Graham.—How came you acquainted with those examinations ? I was present when the examinations were taken before Mr. Graham.—What induced you to be present ? Mr. S. requested that I would go down with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Harris , who was a Jew ( we had a letter to Mr. Graham ) , and see that his examination was taken.—You not having been employed during the election , what led you particularly to be employed on this occasion ? Nothing , but as a particular friend of Mr. S.—Did Mr. Harris produce the letter ? I marked it.—What is become of that letter ? It is in the possession of Harris , I believe.—Was not one of the objects of the examination , that the letter should be delivered to Mr. Graham , sealed up ? Mr. Graham gave the letter back to the Jew ; he said he had been 45 served with an order to produce it , and he would produce it.—Did Mr. S. make any promise to Drake , of giving him a place of profit , at that meeting at Somerset House ? No.—Did you state to Mr. Graham , the magistrate , Mr. S. 's request , that the letter should be sealed up , and preserved ? I am not certain whether I did or not ; I think Mr. Johnson did ; and Mr. Graham said , he did not think himself authorized to keep the letter , as there had been an order served on Harris to produce the letter.—Mr . S. has stated , that he gave express directions to you to convey it to the magistrate , that he might seal up the letter ? He expressed the wish equally to Mr. Johnson and me.—Did you deliver that message to the magistrate ? I am not certain that I did ; Mr. Johnson was the principal person ; he attended the next day , and I did not ; I know Mr. S , requested it , but I will not say that I delivered it.—If you did not deliver the message yourself , did you hear it delivered to Mr. Graham in your presence ? I do not remember that I did ; but Mr. Graham kept the letter that day , and I understand it was returned the next day.—Do you recollect the day when Harris gave the letter to Mr. Graham ? Yes ; Monday , the 9th of Feb.—What was the evening on which Drake came to your house , and when there is said to have been the conversation about this letter ? The next evening.—Did Harris make any difficulty in giving the letter into the hands of Mr. Graham ? Harris parted with the letter rather reluctantly , until Mr. Graham assured him it should be safe , and it should be returned the