not an unprecedented one . He maintained that there was no difference between the present case and that of lord Ashburton , although it had been attempted to set up some kind of distinction . There had much been said during a late debate , as to the economy of the late administration with respect to the grant of reversions ; he had since inquired into it , and had found , that three reversions only fell within the power of the late administration , and that of those three they had already granted two [ here several members of the late administration distinctly said , `` state them , state them . '' ] Perhaps , upon recollection , he was not quite warranted in the conclusion he had drawn ; one of the two he had alluded to was , he believed , upon 204 consideration , not the grant of a reversion . He had also understood from the noble lord ( H. Petty ) that lord Ashburton was to keep the place in question for life , besides that of Chief Justice of the Court of the King 's Bench ( a general cry of no ! no ! ) ; perhaps he was mistaken , he might have misunderstood the noble lord ; but if he did not misunderstand him in another point , he could not abstain from expressing his surprise as to that point . The noble lord had talked of the committee of finance , as entitled to inquire into the state and utility of the office now in question . The noble lord ought to have known , that that office belonged to his majesty 's privy purse , and therefore could not possibly come under the cognizance of that committee . Before he sat down he could not help expressing his surprize , that the noble lord ( Howick ) had fixed upon to-morrow for a certain important explanation , when that noble lord must have been aware , that the leading persons most interested in the discussion , and who had their story to tell , must by that time have vacated their seats by accepting the new appointments . said , that if he were to judge from the specimen just given to the house , he should not expect that the new administration would be good at making convincing speeches . He could not help seriously expressing his surprise at the assertion of the hon gent . who spoke last , that there was no difference between the present case and that of lord Ashburton . It was painful to him to enter into any personal comparison , bat he hoped the house would acquit him of any invidious motive . Mr. Dunning was indisputably at the head of his profession . He was shut out from the great emoluments of such a situation , by being advanced to the upper house . As to the right hon . gent . in question ; the least he could say , was that that right hon . gent . certainly was not at the head of his profession . He ( Mr. Sharpe ) had repeatedly in the course of not a very short life , discharged the duties of a juror , and yet it had been his great misfortune never once to have had his understanding enlightened by the professional exertions of the right hon . gent . He would go farther , for the truth was , that the abilities of the right hon . gent . were not known until he had got into an official situation . It might be asked , why did he enter into this unpleasant comparison ? because it was of importance to that house and to the country , to know what was the real extent of the pro 205 fessional sacrifices made by the right hon . gent . He had the honour to be a member of the finance committee above stairs so often alluded to ; and when he saw that one of the first steps of the new administration was to grasp at so