not interfere with his royal prerogative . The first instance in which it had been granted for life , was in 1717 , when it had been granted to lord Lechmere who had for a long time filled the office of attorney general . He should establish the difference between the cases . In that instance , the person had been raised to the peerage when all the avenues to his profession were shut against him , and it was thought right to give him some provision for life in reward of his services . The next instance was in 1782 , when the place of chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster had been granted for life to lord Ashburton . He was anxious to state all that he had been able to find on the subject . Gentlemen must not suppose him ignorant of the cases that bore upon his motion . But under what circumstances had that noble lord received this office ? He had filled the office of solicitor general ; had been long at the head of his profession ; and had distinguished himself in that house as much as the learned gent . opposite , but in a far different manner . He had distinguished himself in the support of the rights of the people , and of the authority of parliament , in which way he had never heard of the learned gent . having distinguished himself . That noble lord having got a peerage , when all the law offices were full , it had been thought right by the persons with whom he had acted in parliament , to give him the chancellorship of the Duchy of Lancaster for life . But it had not been granted to him to induce him to accept another office of honour and emolument . It was granted for services already performed . These were all the cases that he could find of such a grant ; and , therefore , the motion for an address to his majesty , to make the grant in the usual manner , could not interfere with the prerogative ; and there was a precedent of an address , the same in substance , though not in form , with that which he proposed to move . That address had been voted on the 23d of December 1783 , on the occasion of a rumour that it was in his majesty 's contemplation to grant this place for life , or for any other term than during pleasure , up to a particular period . He was aware of the difference between that resolution and the motion he intended to make , but at that time a report was expected from the committee of offices and acounts , which might recommend the aboii- 196 tion or modification of the office . He was not , however , so wedded to the words of his motion , as not to consent to modify it in any manner that the house might think proper . He did not know whether the committee at present inquiring into what offices ought to be abolished or regulated , might not be of the same opinion as Mr. Burke , that this office ought to be altogether abolished . But he did think that it would become a question in that committee , how far the grant of places for life was a grievance . For his part he looked upon such grants as equally grievances with the grants in reversion , and was of opinion , that no person should grant places except during his own life , unless for distinguished services . In such cases , he would admit the propriety of grants for life , as a remuneration for the services performed . But the hon . and learned gent . was to have another situation , which was in itself a place of great honour and emolument , and therefore could have no claim to the grant for life of such an office as that of the chancellorship of the duchy of Lancaster . Were the gentlemen who were to become his