no great difference in regard to the alledged innovation . It was a crime of the highest magnitude to bequeath an estate to an heir , when a testator knew it to be greatly burdened . This , he thought , ought undoubtedly to be prevented by law from occurring . It might happen that a person of integrity and honesty , intending to make his estate liable for his debt , might , through negligence or other circumstances , be prevented from doing so . This bill would , therefore , tend to remedy these evils . Entailed estates were not to be affected , nor were copy hold estates . He hoped , however , to see this bill followed by another , to make landed property liable for specialty debts . As to this bill making an inroad upon the customs of our ancestors , that was no argument at all ; as it was the very purpose for which the house met , to rectify the laws in every particular , however long they may have existed . declared himself in favour of the bill , and did not apprehend those evil consequences would result from this measure , which the hon . gent . was of opinion would be the case . declared , he saw no sufficient ground for this innovation in the law ; nor did he know , nor had he ever heard of any instances of landed proprietors availing themselves of the law as it now stood , in order to cheat their creditors . He was unwilling , without a clear case of necessity being made out , to remove the old legal land marks of the constitution . assured the hon . gent . that instances had occurred , which pointed out the necessity of remedying the law , as it now stood . He particularly instanced the case of a person , a considerable land-owner , who had a number of natural children , for whom he wished to provide , who had made over his real estates to trustees , and to divide the produce amongst the children . The surviving trustee had sold the whole of the landed estate , and purchased others , without charging them with any provision for these children ; in this state he died ; and the family in question were left in a state of abject poverty . There were other instances of as crying a nature . The present measure was not an attempt to get rid of any legal institution , but rather to afford a remedy for an existing defect . said , he did not wish to provoke a debate , in the present stage of the bill ; at the same time , he could not but feel surprised at the consequences 83 imputed to this measure , the object of which was to compel justice to be done , by obliging the rich debtor to pay the poor creditor . He denied that this bill would have any injurious effect upon the aristocracy ; for no representative of an ancient family could be supposed to die without leaving assets sufficient to pay his debts . No innovation was hereby intended . Did the friends of the aristocracy mean to insinuate ; that the landed proprietors alone should not pay their debts ? And was there not as powerful an aristocracy in Scotland , although the English law , on this subject , had no place ? He declared he knew various instances of landed proprietors availing themselves of the law , as it now stood , to cheat their creditors . He knew the owner of an estate worth £4000 a year , whose predecessor 's funeral expences and apothecary 's bill remained unpaid . Another , who left debts to the amount of £40,000 , and not above 2s . 6d . in the pound had been paid , although the successor to the estate came into possession of £4000 a year . There were many small traders , who had been unable to pay their own debts , and some had been