them the same rank as the English officers , except the appointments on the staff . He maintained that the cry of `` no popery '' had been raised and encouraged by persons in high situations , and even by protestant clergymen , whose religion might have taught them more liberality . And yet ministers said that the whole was the effect of popular feeling left to itself ! They then boasted of having the people with them , but they certainly were not the sensible part of them . But when they talked of the mob , they ought to recollect that nearly a third part of the population of the empire were catholics . And one of the great mischiefs with which this conduct was attended was , that it separated the British , from the Irish populace . If such a storm as this was raised ; if you held out the principle that the protestants and catholics could so little coalesce , that they could not serve together in your fleets and armies , it would be in reality a disunion between England and Ireland , and one which no legislative measure could remove . To produce this disunion , however , was certainly the tendency of the conduct of ministers . The noble lord then came to the clamour about the shipping interest , which was followed up with the same spirit as the clamour of no popery . The assertions on the other side would go to maintain that the late ministers were enemies not only to the shipping interest , but even 531 to the fleets of the nation . He contended , however , that the late ministers were the true friends of the navy , by encouraging all those interests which formed its foundation , instead of favouring , in a particular and partial manner , the shipping interest , which formed but a very small part of them . But the clamours of ministers might perhaps be intended , in some measure , for electioneering purposes . When some person talked to Wilkes about taking the sense of his constituents , Wilkes replied , that he would give him all the sense of his constituents , if he would give him ( Wilkes ) all their nonsense . Ministers were , therefore , perhaps , applying to the nonsense of the people ; but while these things were going on , it became the house to consider the situation in which the country stood . Notwithstanding the superiority over the other countries of Europe with which we were disposed to flatter ourselves , he could safely affirm that there was no country in Europe , catholic or protestant , that was not astonished at our conduct in not availing ourselves of our catholic population . Our navy had increased , not in consequence of the restrictions imposed , but in spite of them , and because , on the whole , we had fewer restrictions than what had prevailed in other countries.—Then we had the opinion of ministers as to the new system of finance . Their objection to it was , that it was too vast , and embraced too great a number of years . But , however , they had acted on this plan for this year , which they were under no necessity of doing if it was a bad one , since so many better plans , in their opinion , had been proposed by some of themselves . If the plan was a bad one , it ought not to be continued for a year , if it was a wise one , then its embracing a number of years , in the manner actually done , was no objection . The amendment must have been introduced for one of two objects , either to overthrow the plan , or to gratify the ship-owners . If the latter was the object , why did they not for this purpose repeal the late West India act ? This was in fact governed by the same principles as the rest of their conduct . The object