no agreement existed at the late election , and declared upon his honour , after every inquiry he could make , that no such agreement existed at that election . argued from the evidence , to shew , that the report of the committee was fully borne out by it . He did not think it just or fair , that the hon . baronet , because he had secured his seat for another place , should be in a different situation from others under similar circumstances , because so far as Penryn was concerned , he was no longer a member of that house . contended that the house had delegated its powers to the committee , and that it had then only to determine what proceeding it should adopt upon the report . One fact was certain , that the hon . baronet had agreed to give 24 guineas to each voter , and the gentlemen who had read the minutes would agree that this was one of the grossest instances of barefaced bribery that had ever been brought under the consideration of parliament . explained the reasons that governed his conduct , both in the committee and since . He considered the evidence with reference to the criminal law of the country . The proceedings upon that evidence might be for the expulsion of the hon . baronet , or for a criminal prosecution , and before they should determine upon either , he thought the house ought to consider whether the evidence was such as to bear it out . The evidence of Stona and Moon was contradictory , and if he were to decide , he should say , that neither was to be believed ; concluding therefrom that no agreement existed . He had no knowledge of the hon . baronet until after the report of the committee , when in a conversation he had with him , that hon . baronet had declared to him upon his honour , that no agreement was ever entered into by him . said , that whatever sir C. Hawkins might deny , still , as his agent ( who must be considered as an unwilling witness , ) had admitted it upon his oath , he could not but believe that there was such an 512 agreement . If the agreement was of a different nature , and not for giving twenty-four guineas a man to the voters , why did not sir C. or his agents produce that agreement which had taken place ? Mr. Stona said he burnt those papers ; but it was easy to guess what sort of papers those were that people were so eager to burn . He trusted , therefore , that the house acting upon the principle , that he who bought his seat would be most likely to sell his vote , would , with a view to purify itself , adopt the same course that had been pursued in the Cricklade , Shoreham , and lately in the Aylesbury case , and throw open the borough of Penryn , with a view to prevent similar bribery in future . said , that he knew nothing more of the present matter than what he had heard and read in the course of this evening 's discussion . He thought that too much had been said on the subject of purifying the house in the estimation of the country . We ought always to be actuated by such a motive , but the great object should be first to know our duty , and then to pursue it . Such language seemed rather to suggest , that some victim should be sacrificed for the reputation of the rest . He lamented that the house had not seen reason to hear the indirect evidence which an hon . member had proposed to introduce . He wished then to lay aside all extrinsic considerations ; and concluded with saying , that he would not vote at all on the question , not feeling competent to decide upon it . professed , that he was not in the same situation with