that it was necessary , that the house should express its approbation of the conduct of the late ministers , and he thought it the more necessary , as they had been assailed by the most gross and libellous misrepresentations , by minutes committed to venal journalists by perjured counsellors , for the very purposes , as appeared , of misrepresentation , and by a cry about religion , excited from one end of the kingdom to the other , serving to kindle religious animosity , and to awaken the furies of bigotry and fanaticism , to the manifest injury of all true religion . For this cry , he was sorry to say , the chancellor of the exchequer had given the watch-word , and he was almost ashamed of the credulity and blindness of his countrymen , when he saw that there were any with whom such 435 attempts could succeed . He could not conclude without one remark on the threat which had been held out , of a dissolution of parliament , by a right honourable secretary ( Mr. Canning ) , in case the house did not accede to whatever he chose to propose to it , or rather to impose upon it . How often were the members to be sent to their constituents ? Was it whenever ministers thought it right to dissolve them upon any pretence , however unreasonable ? He was not sent there to cabal , nor to endeavour to impose on his sovereign , even when in opposition to ministers . He would go boldly to his constituents , and call upon them to sanction the vote he had given . Unless they did this , he would at all events only have resigned a trust which it would be dishonourable to hold ; but he had no doubt they would sanction it , and ministers , in his opinion , would gain little by a dissolution . If the present resolution was rejected , the house must be considered as only the instrument of the minister of the day . He was not the servile adherent of any man or set of men , and only offered this resolution to the house , because he thought that such a resolution ought to stand on the journals . He concluded by moving , `` That this house , considering a firm and efficient administration , as indispensably necessary , in the present important crisis of public affairs , has seen , with the deepest regret , the late change in his majesty 's councils . '' to second the motion . Although he had , in the measure regarding the slave trade , uniformly opposed the late administration , yet he was happy in now giving them a proof of his sincere approbation of their general conduct . His hon . friend had given a comprehensive view of the grounds on which the resolution was founded . He presumed that whatever difference of opinion there might be on some subjects , there was no disagreement as to the state of alarm in the present crisis of public affairs . To assert such a proposition , was to procure immediate conviction of its truth . A noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) had said , that the late ministers ascended a bed of roses when they entered into power ; but he did no think , now they occupied the same place themselves , they would persevere in that sentiment . If now they should be incommoded by fewer thorns , it would be because some had been extracted by the diligence of the late administration . These were 436 not times in which the public service would admit of trifling : the reins of the state must be held by a firm hand , or the most painful consequences were to be apprehended . An opening for peace presented itself , which , according to the opinion of the people of England , was not to be neglected ; they made the proper advances , and the attempt , however unsuccessful , was meritorious .