moment at which our great northern ally was looking towards us for support and confidence ; it was a juncture at which the eyes of Europe were turned to our situation Under these circumstances , what was so necessary as that we should be all united heart and hand , in the great cause we had undertaken ? What more desirable than a firm , determined , efficient government , capable of calling forth our resources , and directing them against the enemy ? The late ministers had done all in their power to promote the interest , and maintain the honour of the country . felt it to be his duty , as belonging to that part of the empire where the dismissal of the late ministry was a subject of deep and universal regret , to state his opinion on the question before the house . In whatever light he viewed the conduct of that administration during the short time 452 they were in power , it was entitled to his approbation . Whether he considered their economy in the public expenditure , their probity in the arrangement of the finances , their firmness , vigour , and decision in the conduct of the war , the general rectitude of their conduct in every other branch of administration , he found that they were titled to his unqualified approbation . They had , it was true , been but a short time in power , but it was long enough to deserve the thanks and gratitude of the nation . They had governed long enough for their own glory , but , unfortunately , not long enough to promote and confirm the advantages of their country . They continued in power , `` satis sibi , sed non patriæ Considering the principle upon which the present ministers came in , it was impossible he could give them his support . For what was that principle ? Most certainly , it was either upon an express or implied pledge not to stir a great constitutional question . If they did not come in under a written pledge , assuredly they did under a virtual pledge , not to advise his majesty upon the Catholic question . Accepting office upon these terms , what confidence could they hope from the people of Ireland ? It was well known that hopes were held out to the Catholics of Ireland previous to the Union , that whenever that great measure should be effected , their claims would be heard and discussed with temper here . Were it not for these promises , the union would never have been carried , In order to procure the concurrence of the Catholics , the bishops were made the instruments of influencing the priests , and the priests were bribed to cajole the people . The present administration brought with them into power , all the odious parts of Mr. Pitt 's principles with regard to Ireland , and super-added the principle of eternal exclusion to the Catholics , Ireland , at present , might be considered as a paralized member of the political body . It affected the whole frame ; but , let it be restored to life and vigour , and the cripple would throw away his crutch , and grasp the sword in defence of his benefactor . As to concessions to Catholics , he was astonished at the inconsistency which prevailed with regard to them . He was at a loss to discover why principles , which were admitted in framing the constitution of Canada , should be considered as subversive of the constitution in Ireland . He was happy in the opportunity of expressing his approbation of the conduct of the 453 late ministers , and of condemning the principles upon which the present administration came into power . said that when the hon . gent . attacked the measure of the union between the two countries , he seemed to overlook the consideration , that the noble lord ( Grenville ) Who was at the head of the late government , was one of the persons most forward in