though that he ought to have been somewhat more liberal . If the allegation it was at least a 39 pitiful prevarication . He moved that Frerick Homan be called in . A long conversation then took place with respect to the propriety of examining Mr. Homan , he being implicated by the allegations of the petition . However , on the motion of Mr. Perceval , it was carried , that the allegations against Mr. Homan were not well grounded ; and he was , therefore , admitted as a comperent witness . Mr. Frederick Homan examined by the House `` Were you present at a meeting between Mr. Sheridan and Mr. Drake , on the 9th or 10th of Feb. ? The 19th I was present.—At a meeting at Somerset Place ? Yes.—Did Mr. Drake come upon any request of Mr. S. , or did Mr. Drake apply to you ? Mr. Drake called upon me on the 19th Of Feb. in the evening . He told me , he had returned from the country that evening with Mr. Weatherhead ; that he had been in a chaise to Hampshire ; that he was going to set off at 4 the next morning , to take possession of a cottage be had purchased in Hampshire , and wished to see Mr. S. that night ; I told him , I was to dine with Mr. S. , and should engage he should see Mr. S. at 7 or 8 o'clock . I went to Mr. S 's . to see him ; after I had been there some time , he came in with Mr. Weatherhead , whom he introduced as a clergyman . Mr. Weatherhead and I , and Mr. Ward , sat in the parlour at Mr. S 's . for some time ; we had general conversation ; at length Mr.S . came in from , I believe , the house of commons , about 8 o'clock . When Mr S. came into the room to be saluted , Mr , Drake and . Mr. Weatherhead were sitting at some distance from him , and Mr. S. took a chair , and sat at a considerable distance from Mr. Drake ; there was room for More than 2 or 3 chairs between the chair on which Mr. S. sat and Mr. Drake . There was a general conversation alter Mr. S. came in , on some motion he had Made in the house that night , or that he had given notice of a motion . Mr Drake told Mr. S. , he had been in the country , in Hampshire , and had been hunting there with Mr. Cobbett . I staid there the whole time ; there was no conversation could have taken place without my hearing it , and Mr. Ward , who was present , Some time after Mr. Drake came in or Mr. S. came in , he asked who that gentleman was in the corner ; Mr. Drake said he was a particular friend of his , a shipmate of his , Mr. Weatherhead ; I replied , he is a clergyman ; Oh ! said Mr. S. , you served as chaplain , I 40 suppose , along with Mr. Drake ; no , sir , says he , not as chaplain ! Oh ! Oh ! says Drake , immediately correcting himself , it is his brother is a clergyman , this is not a clergyman . Mr. S. certainly made no offer ; there could have been no offer made to Mr. Drake that evening , as stated in the petition . On the 19th of Feb. , I remained in the room with Mr. S. till Mr. Drake and Mr. Weatherhead left the house . On going up stairs to Mr. S 's dining-room , he said he believed that Drake was a very great liar ; that he did not suppose that he had been hunting with Mr. Cobbett , for that he believed that Mr. Cobbett would not take notice of such a fellow , and that he would not be concerned in