and shortly after , eight of the witnesses were murdered . Afterwards , there were great enormities committed in Sligo , as if they meant to dare the government . What ! would you give up to faction and clamour what you refuse to loyal representation ? There were two cases which he could instance , where two of the most loyal gentlemen in Ireland were prosecuted ; they were certainly honourably acquitted , but the judges themselves observed that they had never seen such a scandalous conspiracy against any man , as that against them was ; their loyalty was supposed to be their only crime . It was a strange remedy to think of removing the discontents of the lower classes of the Catholics , by promoting the higher ranks to the top of the army . From the known fact that two regiments lately raised by gentlemen of high Catholic connection , were raised by ordinary recruiting , he 412 concluded that very little facility of recruiting the army would be gained by passing the Catholic Officers ' bill . The proceedings that had been taken by the authors of that bill were calculated to make the Catholics think the English the enemies of themselves and their religion . He reprobated the versatility of system pursued with respect to Ireland ; a system at one time maintaining high Protestant ascendancy , and at another time conceding all to the Catholics . Either concede every thing , or come to a firm resolution to concede no more . He reprobated the practice of governing Ireland by a faction ; and recommended not to discourage loyalty , nor to practise on the people for party purposes . It would be unbecoming the dignity of parliament to grant any indulgence to men who were in the temper that the Catholics of Ireland at present were in . expressed great surprise at the language which the noble earl who had just sat down had held respecting the government of Ireland and the conduct of the duke of Bedford , a lieutenant who had endeared himself to every class of his majesty 's subjects in that part of the empire , and whose departure was the subject of universal regret , as his administration had been the subject of universal approbation . Though he had not the local information of the noble lord , and was connected with no factions and no factious families in Ireland , he would venture to assert that the duke of Bedford 's vice-royalty was looked upon in a very different light from that in which the noble lord had placed it . And , after all , what was the amount of the charge against the duke of Bedford , and the anecdote which had been alluded to , but that the lord lieutenant had refused to listen to those , who pressed for violent and extraordinary measures to put down some disturbances which unhappily had prevailed , and persisted in employing the vigour of the law alone in maintaining and restoring the public tranquillity ? Indeed , respecting the state of Ireland , different noble lords had given different views . One said that Ireland was quiet , and to bring forward any question about the Catholics was unnecessary . The noble lord who spoke last , however , said that disturbances prevailed ; and seemed to censure the duke of Bedford 's administration on that account . If any thing , however , more than another , recommended the conduct of the duke of Bedford to the people of Ireland and to the lovers of 413 the constitution , it was that he claimed no extraordinary powers , and had put in execution no measures of severity . These topics , and several others , seemed to have been introduced with little application to the immediate question before the house , which consisted of two parts . The motion expressed two things , regret at the change which had taken place at this time in his majesty 's government , and asserted that it would be unconstitutional for any minister to give any pledge