vigourously repelled by a roman catholic captain and crew , as by a protestant captain and crew . These were considerations which ought to excite the jealousy and apprehension of the house and of the country ; but he was not so anxious to call their attention to the particular measure now proposed as to the principle of innovation which was 12 gradually increasing ; and was much more formidable , thus stealing on by degrees , than if it were , fairly exposed in all the magnitude to which it seemed intended that it should arrive . In that case , the notice of parliament would be strongly attracted to the subject ; it Would take it up in an extensive point of view ; it would determine upon it deliberately , and he trusted wisely . The consequences of a storm he should not be apprehensive about ; but these gradual approaches were dangerous , because each by itself was not deemed worthy of notice . It should be considered , however , that even if they were little in themselves , their consequences were not so . For his own part , he . was satisfied that if parliament allowed their accumulation , it would ultimately have that extorted from its weakness , which its wisdom would be desirous to withhold . said , that he considered it a misfortune to have heard the speech that had been delivered by the hon . and learned gent . who had just sat down : he could not help saying , that it appeared to him to savour much of opinions long since obsolete , and to breathe a kind of spirit fitter for the darker ages , than for the liberal and enlightened times in which we at present lived . Was it necessary at this time of day to go into formal proof of the impolicy , the madness of intolerance ? Was it necessary now to prove , that it ever defeated its own end , and contributed to establish what it had conspired to overthrow ? He hoped that it was not , and yet the speech of the hon . and learned gent . Would lead the house to suppose , that that gentleman himself entertained doubts of a truth , he might say , universally assented to , and confirmed by the successive experience of ages . He would ask the hon . and learned gent . if it were wise , just or politic , to exclude the brave fellows who made up a considerable portion of our navy and army , from the advantages and the glory of the service , when they shared in all its dangers ? It was not usual in so early a stage of a bill to go into all its merits , and he should not now do so ; he could not however abstain from entering his solemn protest against the revival of all those intolerant bigotries , which had in all times been productive of the most mischievous effects . The hon . and learned gent . had insinuated gloomy predictions in case of the enemy affecting a landing in Ireland . Upon what were these .apprehensions founded , but the evils which the proposed bill purposed to 13 remove ; by removing the evil , the discontent so much dreaded by the learned gent would no longer exist . It had been said too , that if so much was given to the catholics ; they would requite all ; they would not stop here , nor be satisfied till the establishes church of Ireland was a roman catholic one . But to this argument he considered it a sufficient answer to say , that all that was asked in the present instance was a boon of a limited extent ; and that was only in case of more being asked , or being attempted to be granted , that the hon . and learned gent 's , argument would have its effect . In short , the whole question reduced itself to this , whether the exact boon now asked ,