concession after concession would conciliate the affections , or ensure the obedience of the Irish catholics . He foresaw considerable danger from these concessions , as they tended to prepossess the minds of the catholics with expectations of still farther concessions . He was averse to innovations , unless an existing evil could be proved , which could not be remedied but by law ; but in the present instance , he was not aware that any such practical inconvenience existed . Unless the house was prepared to go the length of saying , that every office in the united kingdom was to be open to persons of all religions , he could see no good argument for advancing catholics to the highest appointments in the army . He should , however , have no objection to put all the roman catholics in the united kingdom upon the same footing as the Irish 18 catholics now were . The Irish roman Catholics had at present every thing which they could reasonably wish for : their property was secure ; provision was made for the education of their priests ; the military and legal professions were opened to them ; in short , they had every thing-they could wish for , excepting political power . Ought they ; then , to be insensible of the blessings they enjoyed , or ungrateful for the benefits they possess under the best of sovereigns , merely because they did not possess political power ? It had been the wisdom of our ancestors to restrain the executive power from conferring the highest offices upon roman catholics , .and we ought to revere their memories , and . also to do justice to posterity , by maintaining the fences which our anoestors had erected . in reply , said , he had hoped that his motion for introducing the bill would have passed without any discussion . He wished this question to be treated on its own merits . He did not consider it as standing upon the ground , of toleration ; but that it rested on the footing , that , in consequence of what had formerly passed in the Irish parliament , it was necessary , to make the laws in the two countries consistent with themselves , and not to suffer the catholics to be in that anomalous situation in which no people were ever placed before . He saw no reason for that alarm which some hon . gentlemen had endeavoured to create ; for , as to this measure , it could , be attended no danger to the religion or establishment of the country . He could not concur opinion with the hon . and learned gent , that if a person in the army was called out in obedience to the order of his superior , and at the , peril of his that therefore he could not incur any penalty under possible circumstances ; . he could not subscribe to the hon . and learned gent 's exposition of the law , particularly on the subject of compulsory service , and more especially when he recollected the opinion which that hon . and learned gent . had formerly given on the subject of the volunteers . The Irish act of Parliament could only regulate the army of Ireland ; and if an Irish regiment removed to England , it was then upon the English establishment , to which the acts of the Irish parliament could not extend , and consequently its officers were subject to all the penalties which a British legislature had enacted . But , from the moment of the union taking place between the two countries , and when there was no longer an Irish army , but the army of the United Kingdom , 19 and to which the acts of the united parliament can alone extend , he doubted whether the Irish catholic could receive any commission in the army . He acknowledged , that , de fucto , the catholics did hold commissions , but it was contrary to existing laws ; and although no advantage bad been taken of this