the former . He shewed , from a comparison of the returns , that the produce of the regular recruiting , under the former system , was to the present only in the proportion of 214 men a week to 509 . The desertions were under the former system ; in the last six months of the year 1805 , as 1 to 157 ; in the last six months of 1806 , the proportion was as 1 to 268 . The improvement in both these great points continued to increase to the present hour ; and in proportion as the new measures began to be better understood , their operation would be more extensive . Their influence was founded on the fixed principles of human nature . It was not by affording the present means of debauchery that he sought to fill the army , but by holding out prospective rewards , to which it was desirable that the minds of the people should be fixed ; and , therefore , the amendment of the noble lord was to be deprecated , as going to undermine and unsettle the root they had already taken . stated , that calculating the expense of recruiting parties , coupled with the bounty of 18l . it made every man cost the country 38l . by the time they joined . Calculating the increased expense of Chelsea , the expense was not less than 65l . a man . The expense of Chelsea , on the present system , would amount , in time of peace , to between 700,000l . and 1,000,000l . a year . from his experience in his own regiment , assured the house that recruits were obtained in greater numbers and of better quality ; not the debauched outcasts of the manufacturing towns , but the sons of the yeomanry , sent by their fathers to devote a part of their youth to the promotion of the glory of their country , in a war which was maintained for the preservation of the rights of mankind . bore testimony to the same satisfactory operation of the new measures with respect to his own regiment . repeated his former arguments against discharging men in the middle of a war . Great mischief would arise from that principle in the colonies , and with all our naval superiority , it would be found extremely difficult to transport the men backwards and forwards , as often as it would be necessary ; he thought it unfair to institute a comparison between the ordinary recruiting now , and what it was while the Additional Force act subsisted . It would appear , on examination , that as great a proportion of recruits deserted now as under the former system . amidst a very general call for the question . If he had not been warned to be brief by the lateness of the hour , ha should not be so stupid as not to take the hint gentlemen were so kind as to give him . ( a laugh ) . He was against the amendment , as it went to mix limited and unlimited service . The very objection the gentlemen opposite urged formerly against his right hon . friend 's plan was , that it would have this effect ; and yet they now brought forward as an amendment a principle which would have the same effect permanently , and in a much greater degree . His right hon . friend 's plan had been stigmatized as visionary , theoretic , and quixotic . Its theory was , that by accomodating the service to the feelings and principles of human nature , more men would be obtained , and of a better quality . The theory of the noble lord was , that by making the situation of the soldier worse , and binding him to it for life , he would enter into it more readily , and remain in it more contented . The regiment he had the honour to command had been twice filled up so as to exceed its compliment under the present plan , thought