In his own profession it must be great discouragement to a catholic lawyer , to know that he could not be made a judge or a chancellor . ( hear ! ) He saw that some of the gentlemen opposite were prepared to go the utmost extent , and to say , that in every profession and every employment there onght to be no distinction between the catholic and the protestant . Did those gentlemen perceive that their reasoning extended even to the succession to the crown ? He had thrown out these observations to provoke this expression of sentiment from the gentlemen opposite , and to shew that they thought the road to the highest honours in the state should be opened to persons of every description , without any disqualification whatever . Taking it on this ground , the question would become narrowed ; it would not be , whether you would allow catholic officers superior rank , but whether you would allow those arguments to be well founded by which that proposition was maintained , whether you would tranquillize Ireland by feeding its insatiable appetite with the hope of getting all that it demanded . If this were to be the policy of this country , there was but one line of wisdom to be pursued : —to do every thing ; to transfer the church of Ireland to the catholics ; for unless that were done , little progress would be made in tranquillizing Ireland . Partially to redress grievances , would only have the effect of making those that remained more severely felt , or 11 at least more loudly complained of . Why , then , the question was simply this , whether the legislature would give up the protestant ascendancy in , Ireland , or whether they would make a stand , and say , `` We have already done every thing that toleration requires and that the catholics have a right to demand ? '' Undoubtedly , such a declaration would be the dictate of sound policy and discretion . In one of his . statements the noble lord had palpably contradicted himself ; for , in the first place , he endeavoured to make the house believe , that the army and navy were crowded with catholics , and then he recommended that they should have a free admission . With respect to the proposition for the free exercise of religion , it was unnecessary ; for if it were thought proper , his majesty might introduce such a regulation in the articles of war . But if it were to be made the subject of a legislative . provision , the utmost confusion must ensue . One soldier would go to a methodist 's chapel , another to a presbyterian conventicle , a third to a roman catholic church ; in short to every place of worship but a protestant one ; for it was curious enough , that there was to be no legislative provision for the protestants to go to the church of England . But , if all this confusion would take place in the army , what must happen in the navy ? The noble lord had declared that he apprehended no inconvenience from this unprecedented toleration in the navy . No inconvenience ! Suppose the captain and crew of a man of war were roman catholics , they must have a roman catholic clergyman— ( A cry of no ! no ! ) —Why , as a captain of a man of war had a right to appoint his chaplain , if he were a roman catholic , he would scarcely appoint a protestant clergyman . Perhaps it was intended that this should be determined by the admiralty board . But it would be difficult for that board accurately to ascertain the proportion in a crew between the catholics and the protestants . This too he would maintain , that , in case of any invasion of Ireland by a French force , the commander of which should issue a proclamation in support of the roman catholic religion , that invasion would not be so