. The usual course on the capture of any enemy 's settlement was to appoint a provisional governor , until his majesty 's pleasure should be taken upon the subject , and a governor appointed under the sign manual . Captain Brisbane had been appointed the temporary governor , as sir David Baird had at the Cape , and as had been the case at the capture of the Cape , last war , for certainly lord Macartney had not been the conqueror of the Cape . If the hon . colonel should ask why captain Brisbane had not been continued in the government , he had only to answer , because another had been appointed . It would be for the house to determine , whether the hon . gentleman 's motion should be entertained on this ground , and after what they had heard lately of interference with the king 's prerogative , he did not think the house would go into an inquiry , why his majesty had thought proper to appoint this or that person governor of that Island . If the person who had been appointed , was not qualified for the office , either by his profession or his services , the house might inquire . It would be a bad rule in general that the person who conquered an Island should be continued in the government of it . The man who made a musical instrument was not always the best to play upon it . There was , however , another question to be considered , whether Captain Brisbane himself would have liked that office ? as an active command was thought generally preferable to the government of an Island . But it was for the house to decide whether the motion should be agreed to , or not . felt himself involved in considerable difficulty by the motion of the hon . Colonel . The house would be sensible that there was no instance of the exercise of the royal prerogative in which they ought so little to interfere , as the appointment of his officers by his Majesty . Many of the officers who had achieved conquests , had attracted particularly the attention of the crown , and were continued in the government of the settlements they conquered . But that was not a general or an absolute rule . As , therefore , the hon . colonel had not stated as the ground of his motion , that the per- 509 son who had been appointed was unfit for the office , he hoped he would save the house the delicacy of deciding upon a question , for which he neither had made out , nor professed to make out any case , by withdrawing his motion , especially as any discussion upon such a question , would rather detract from , than enhance the high and distinguished character of that gallant officer , who was the particular object of the motion . said , he had brought forward his motion only in defence of the rights of a gallant officer , who had great claims upon his country . He did not mean in the smallest degree to object to the gentleman who had been appointed ; but as it appeared to be the sense of the house , that the motion should not be entertained , he had no difficulty in withdrawing it , at the same time observing , that it would be more for the interest of the country , that ministers should appoint persons of high claims to such offices , rather than provide for their own connections . and , in allusion to a notice which he had given upon a former day , of a motion on the subject of the Third Report of the Commissioners of Military Enquiry , respecting the case of Mr. Alexander Davison , he now begged to ask the right honourable the chancellor of the exchequer , whether any proceedings had yet been taken by government , in consequence of that part of the report ? or whether it was the intention of his majesty 's present