persons , whose presence some may think requisite , to watch the accuracy of my statement . I am sure the hon . gent . ( Mr. Sturges Bourne ) who made some observations to this effect last night , will not charge me with intending to state any thing to the house which I do not myself believe to be strictly correct ; the hon . gent . might , without any injurious suspicion of me , be of opinion , that the natural partiality with which men are apt to view their own conduct , required the presence of other persons , possessed of all the facts , and capable of correcting any unintentional errors , which this cause might produce . I am as anxious as any man that these persons should be present upon such an occasion , and I hope that this matter will yet be discussed at some future time , upon some motion proposed to this house , which may give an opportunity of making a restatement , if restatement should be necessary , but at all events of examining and sifting every part of the details which I am this day about to lay before you.—Sir , it is neither in my nature nor in my habits to shrink from the examination of any man : but I felt myself reduced to this alternative , either to submit to have the public mind prejudiced by false reports and misrepresentations , supported by partial extracts from confidential papers ; or in the absence of the persons alluded to to take this early opportunity of entering into the discussion . I am convinced that a fair , candid , and correct statement is the only antidote to such wilful misrepresentation ; and that this is the only mode , consistent with my character , 263 and with my duty as a member of parliament , in which I could lay before the public a fair exposition of every part of my conduct . Under such circumstances it was impossible for me , in justice to myself and my colleagues—nay , in justice to the public itself , which might be misled by such deception , it was impossible for me to suffer so long a period of time to elapse as might intervene before the new ministers could resume their seats in the house . Sir , in doing so however , upon the present occasion , their absence will have this effect , that I shall as much as possible confine myself to a mere statement of the facts , and abstain as far as I can from every thing that can provoke discussion ; I shall state only what I conceive to be necessary for my own vindication , avoiding every thing like argument , and leaving all such points to that future discussion , which at an early day , after the holidays , I trust will take place ; when an opportunity will be afforded of stating to the house every thing that may be material upon the subject.—Sir , having premised thus much , I shall proceed to lay before the house the statement which I have promised . When the late administration was formed , there were included in it many members whose opinions and principles , with respect to what is called the Catholic Question , were generally known ; they had been very recently manifested to the public , in the most authentic of all ways , by their speeches and their votes in parliament . I am sure there did not exist in any quarter an expectation or suspicion that those persons , whose characters were so well known , could be induced , for the sake of office or emolument , to abandon any of the opinions and principles which they had so solemnly expressed and avowed . In point of fact , no condition inconsistent with the freest exercise of their judgment was proposed to them , nor did they come into the government subject to any such stipulation , which if it had been exacted from them , they would have found