introducing his majesty 's name and personal character into the debate , rested with those who went out of their way to make formal statement to the house , which was by no means called for . Before that statement , his majesty 's late ministers , or some of them , gave the minutes of the cabinet to persons who were not of the cabinet nor even of the privy council . This appeared to him a high crime and misdemeanour . The present ministers were therefore obliged to apply the antidote to the bane . As 468 to secret advisers , his majesty had expressly told his late ministers , that he had never communicated with any body on this subject except with his secretary , to whom he dictated the communications that were sent in his name . He did not know any practical good that could follow from the motion , and he thought it hardly fair and manly for the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) to talk of dismissing the present ministers without wishing that the late ministers should come in , in their places . He should ask what third party did then exist , out of which his majesty could have formed an unexceptionable administration ? It was not surprising , that when his majesty , in the exercise of his royal prerogative , thought proper to dismiss one party , he should choose his ministers from the other . He thought his majesty 's late ministers were not justified in bringing forward the measure against the determined and conscientious scruples of his majesty ; but when they had brought it forward , he could not conceive upon what principle they should have abandoned it , unless on the principle of throwing all the odium of the measure upon the king . His majesty must have seen that the giving it up was a mere concession of temporary convenience ; but that the greater part of his then ministers were determined to support the Catholic claims when they should be brought forward , if not to agitate the question themselves . His majesty had therefore a right , after informing them that his mind was unalterably made up upon this point , to demand an assurance from them that they would not harass or disturb him any more upon the subject . Was it possible that he could have confidence in his late ministers ceasing to harass him upon this subject , when he was expressly informed that many of them would vote in favour of the Catholic petition whenever it should be brought forward . If his majesty had not dismissed his ministers upon their refusing to give such assurance , the crown would have been subservient to a party in that house . It must be also considered , that although his majesty retained all the energy of his mind , and the decision of his character , yet he was now advanced in years , and subject to infirmity . It was a very serious thing for him at present to be obliged to quarrel with his government and dismiss his ministers . If he were still to live ten or twelve years longer , it would be a most melancholy consideration to think that he 469 was to be perpetually exposed to such a painful circumstance , when it was well known that his mind was irrevocably made up on the subject , not from political considerations , but from a paramount religious feeling . In the conduct of the late ministers , which led to their dismissal , he saw nothing of `` All the Talents '' which they were said to unite . Their dispatch was not only misunderstood by his majesty , but by some of their colleagues , and by their friends in Ireland . They had also omitted to summon three members of the cabinet , who differed from them , to the council . The withholding the summonses in this instance appeared to him a crime , which almost deserved impeachment . Lord Erskine , who was one of