bill did extend to the navy . The bill , however , which the late ministers introduced , was one which did not afford the slightest reason for that cry which had been raised against it ; on the contrary , it was , in his opinion , a highly beneficial measure . The bill , however , was given up out of respect to his majesty 's feelings upon the subject ; and then a pledge was demanded from the late ministers , which he could not but consider as highly unconstitutional . He lamented the change that had taken place in his majesty 's councils . Conceiving the late ministers to be much more adequate to the task of managing 355 public affairs , at a crisis like this , than the present ; and agreeing also in the unconstitutional nature of the pledge demanded , he should on these grounds support the motion . and said : My lords , the particular situation in which I was placed in his majesty 's late councils , as it regards the subject now under consideration , and the many public references which have been made in various places to my office and to my opinions respecting it , make it not unfit , I hope , that I should seek the earliest opportunity , consistently with the forms of the house , of delivering my opinion to your lordships.—The opinions of men , my lords , upon this , as upon most other subjects , must be expected materially to differ ; but there is one thing in which I am persuaded all men of honour must agree , i. e. that the case should be fairly stated , and that the question to be presented to the understandings of those who are to judge of any matter , be it what it may , should not be disguised or misrepresented . Many triumphs in large assemblies , and still more amongst large communities , have been obtained by artifice and imposture , but besides that they are most contemptible , they can not possibly be lasting . Fact and reason must for ever prevail in the end.—The circumstances which have given rise to this extraordinary conjuncture , though involved and complicated in their details , may be brought within a very narrow compass ; within , I should think , ten minutes by your clock : yet without omitting any thing upon which a difference in the argument could ultimately be taken by any can did or reasonable man . I will state the matter to your lordships as I understand it ; and as I was no party to the transaction , as nothing blameable , if there be blame any where , can possibly attach upon myself , I may at least be expected to be an impartial historian , and an historian too near the scene , to have gross ignorance or error reasonably imputed to me.—My lords , it has been the fashion to represent the introduction of the bill into the house of commons , which led to the dissolution of the late administration as an extravagant act of political suicide ; as a rash , useless , and wanton proposition , dictated by no expediency , and opposed by insurmountable obstacles , within the knowledge of those who introduced it . Nay , my lords , charges much more serious have been made . It has been more than insinuated , that , to overcome these obstacles , recourse was had to the 356 most unworthy deception and deceit . Nothing is more easy , my lords , for those who have an interest in such misrepresentations , to invent and propagate them ; but it is not so easy to obtain credit for them in such a country and age as we live in . It is not easy to obtain belief ( except in the surprise of the moment ) , that persons of acknowledged skill and ability as statesmen , should suddenly conduct themselves so absurdly , or that distinguished and characteristic integrity should suddenly give place to dishonour