Indies , was rather a singular sort of proceeding . But , at the same time , the negroes must have learnt from these that the sentiments concerning the inhumanity , injustice , & c. of the measure were only those of the minority in this country . He recommended conciliatory measures , and observed , that whatever bad effects might result from the mode of proceeding in this business , he had nothing to do with them . He disapproved of the trade itself , but had objections to the manner of abolishing it . observed , that the opinions which he formerly maintained on this subject were much weakened ; still , however , doubted the policy of the measure , but at the same time could not help paying his tribute of approbation to the moderation of the noble lord . also approved of the amendment ; but still contended that the measure would in the first instance occasion a separation of interests and opinions between this country and the colonies , and ultimately occasion an entire separation , unless the 66 law passed in 1807 should be repealed in 1808. proposed a clause to prevent the late regulations for limited service extending to the negroes . The negroes , therefore , are still to be inlisted in the first instance , his Majesty having the power to make such regulations respecting them as he may hereafter judge proper . The object of this was to prevent any apprehensions of their becoming chargeable to the islands . This clause was received and added to the bill.—The amendment in the preamble , and the amendments in the committee were then agreed to , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time on Wednesday . to move for certain accounts , previous to the introduction of the subject , for the consideration of which their lordships were then particularly summoned . He had , on a former occasion , when he proposed to the house his intention of bringing in a bill for the regulation of the Courts of Justice in Scotland , adverted to the great inconvenience which the house had already suffered , and which it was likely yet to suffer , in consequence of the great number of appeal causes submitted to its judicial consideration . He should therefore at present trouble their lordships with two motions ; first , that an account be presented to the house of the number of Scotch Appeals , from the year 1794 to 1801 ; and next ; an Account of the number of Scotch and Irish Appeals , from 1801 to the present year 1807.—Ordered accordingly . having quitted the woolsack , observed , that he was induced to call the attention of their lordships to a communication made to him from the president and senators of the College of Justice in Scotland , for the purpose of being guided by the wisdom and decision of the house , on a subject in which he was unwilling to trust to his own private judgment and opinion . He had received from that body a memorial , adverting to the bill at present before the house , for the better regulation of the Courts of Justice in Scotland ; but , as it contained no distinct prayer , nor complained of any specific grievance , he did not feel himself justified by any precedent in the Parliamentary History of the country , to present it to their lordships . He found , from a reference to a marginal note in the 67 memorial , that the Court of Session grounded the present communication on two precedents ; the first , when , in the year 1659 , the Court of Session made an application in a similar manner to the parliament of Scotland . ; and the other , that , in the year 1717 , by the Act of Sederunt , the Court of Session did apply to certain lords , part of their own body , but who were also lords of parliament , communicating to them their opinion on certain legislative measures then