produce the most dreadful dissensions ? and if , my lords , the system acted upon in Ireland by the noble duke who represents his majesty in that country , or the noble lord in the blue ribbon ( the earl of Hardwicke ) his predecessor , is to be reversed , and a system of persecution , coercion and restraint to be substituted , no human being can foresee the incalculable mischiefs that will result from such a system . When we know that our enemy has fixed upon one point of the British dominions where he thinks invasion practicable , and that that point is Ireland , surely it requires more than ordinary care , more than ordinary measures , to remove the causes of all those unhappy dissensions which have given rise to this hope of the enemy , and which have given rise in that country to those insurrections which have produced such dreadful effects . If they do not consider the state of Ireland with these views , the greatest danger may result to the interests of the empire . expressed his regret that 245 any thing should have occurred that should render it necessary to state these transactions and , as it were , raise an issue between the sovereign and his servants . But the necessity having occurred , and garbled and fallacious statements having been made , nothing remained but to request his majesty to allow them to state the whole affair exactly as it took place . This permission had been given , and his noble friend near him had done his duty , in placing the matter in its proper light . But , what he was most particularly anxious to press upon the house , was this that there was a real misunderstanding on this business from the beginning , because many persons might be disposed to think it rather extraordinary that there could have been such a misunderstanding . The noble viscount proceeded to state , that from the discussions which took place on this subject , at which he himself had been present , he had understood that there was no intention to extend the measure further than it was carried by the Irish act of 1793 . It appeared to him absurd that an officer in the army in Ireland should be liable to a penalty , if holding the same office in this country . Another step followed , which was , that if the privileges of the act of 1793 , were to be extended in this country to the Irish catholics , the British catholics Ought to be included . But others , however , understood it otherwise . Lord Howick and his noble friend understood it otherwise , and Mr. Elliot had his doubts , and declined giving any answer to Mr. O'Conner , one of the Irish catholics , who questioned him on that subject , till the doubt should be removed . He then put the question to his noble friend , and learned that it was intended to enable the catholics to become major-generalson the staff , or commanders in chief . That was not , however , the principle of the Irish act of 1793 . The dispatch sent to his majesty did not contain any thing that must necessarily imply that the measure would go beyond that of 1793 . For though it contained the words , `` any military commissions whatsoever ; '' yet these might not be understood as covering the staff appointments ; and what might further tend to lead his majesty to think so was , that these alterations were to be introduced as clauses in the mutiny bill . And what serves further to shew , that the words `` military commissions might readily be understood as not including the staff appointments , was that the wards `` and appointments '' were consider- 246 ed as necessary in the bill . Their lordships would feel , therefore , that the misconception might very naturally have arisen . At a subsequent period dispatches had been sent to his majesty , and ministers had