the circumstance to which the hon . gent . had just adverted . This he could do with the most perfect correctness , as he had been a member of the Irish Committee . The question asked was , `` what value the great body of the Catholics attached to what was 502 called emancipation ? '' The answer was , as the hon . gent . had stated , that they did not understand it , and that they would not give the value of the ink in the pen with which the clerk was writing for it . This was , perhaps , true ; but then this question was followed by another , viz . `` what he thought would have been the effects of granting this emancipation ? '' The reply was , that there was nothing the rebel leaders dreaded so much ; as it would have taken the peasantry out of their hands entirely , and completely destroyed their hopes of establishing a republic in Ireland . This was the real state of the case . The hon . gent . then proceeded to state , that in Voting for the Union , he had combatted his earliest prejudices and feelings , and supported it with a view to the security of all establishments , and the restoration of a firm and lasting tranquillity to Ireland . He had done so under direct pledges on this subject sanctioned by the greatest names , and he never would have concurred in it on any other terms . But now , when he saw the evils aggravated , and none of the expected good effects produced , he , speaking for himself only , declared , that the Union was barren and nominal , and that no great benefit could result from continuing it.—The motion was then put and carried . rose , to call the attention of the house to certain observations and erroneous reports that had been sent abroad respecting a deficiency in the quantum of ammunition with which the troops were furnished in the attack on Monte Video . Nothing could be more cruel and mischievous than the dissemination of such rumours , without any concomitant explanation to account for the circumstance they alluded to . What must the soldiers feel , if they were taught to believe that they were sent into the field to encounter all its dangers , and expose their lives , without being provided with the usual and adequate means that might render their valour efficacious , and give them an equality of chance with the enemy ? So far from that being the case , he believed he might venture to assert , that so far from the troops being left without a due proportion of ammunition , he was pretty certain , that a some-what greater proportion of ammunition than what had been allotted to a similar service ( the capture of the Cape of Good Hope ) , 503 had been furnished to the troops who stormed Monte Video , but who were not destined for that service . Indeed , the difference of the nature of the two expeditions would shew , that the proportion of ammunition was larger on the part of those who were not destined for an expected attack . But these matters would be placed in their proper light by the return to the motion which he should now have the honour of submitting to their lordships . The noble earl then concluded with moving an humble address to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order , `` That there be laid before the house an account of the quantity of ammunition shipped on board the expedition , under the command of sir S. Auchmuty , and of the quantity usually furnished for similar expeditions '' . conceived himself to be somewhat the cause of the observations thrown out by the noble lord who spoke last . It was true , that he had animadverted on the deficiency of ammunition under which the brave troops laboured who had so gallantly stormed Monte Video . In