of this country , if the doctrines now broached should be established ? The country and the parliament might say to themselves , that his majesty 's ministers were carrying on their measures for reasons known to them , but which they could not divulge consistently with their oaths as privy councillors What , however , would be the fact ? ministers might be doing that which they knew to be wrong , and omitting that which they knew to be right , because , by their pledge , they would have tied up their hands and their tongues , and not be in possession of the means of fulfilling their duty , or complying with their oaths . On this ground he supported the resolution . If such a doctrine as that of the pledge required were to be allowed to pass , or to be sanctioned , the constitution would be at an end . ministers might be men of rank and talents , but by signing such a pledge , they would resign their duty as honest counsellors of the crown ; and if the house were to sit silent on such a question , it would abandon that constitution which it was its pride , its duty , and its glory to maintain , to preserve , and to defend . said , I rise , sir , with all that diffidence which a person naturally feels when he offers himself for the first time to the notice of so august an assembly as this , and that diffidence is extremely increased by a consciousness of my inability to do justice to a subject of such importance as that now before the house . But , sir , on this most momentous occasion , it is impossible for me to give a silent vote ; and I am particularly desirous of explaining the motives which lead me now to differ from his majesty 's late ministers with whom I used to act , and for many of whom I have long entertained the highest respect and esteem . I flatter myself , therefore , sir , that I shall experience that indulgence which the house is in the habit of extending with so much liberality to new speakers , and I will make the only return in my power , by trespassing as little on their time as possible . The present motion , sir , differs most widely from the notice that was given of it , and it contains an abstract proposition which can not be discussed to any useful purpose , separately from its application ; it has arisen immediately out of the late change in his majesty 's councils . Though quite abstract in appearance , it has undoubtedly a retrospective view in this instance , and we must take it back to its source , and couple it with the causes that led to the removal of his majesty 's late ministers from office , before we can properly entertain the discussion ; we must not be led sway by an abstract theory from the real , though disguised object of the present motion . It is not my intention , sir , to enter upon the catholic question in general . I feel myself quite unequal to the discussion of a subject of such magnitude ; I leave it therefore , in the hands of those who are far more able to do justice to it , and duly to appreciate its merits than I am , and I shall confine myself strictly to the motion before the house , and to the consideration of that part of the conduct of his majesty 's late ministers , which immediately occasioned their removal from office , and which I hold to be so closely connected with that motion , as not to admit of separation . Before I enter upon this consideration , I must beg leave , sir , to make one or two preliminary observations , from which I think there can be but few dissentient voices ; namely , that adverting to the deep-rooted and most conscientious scruples