withdraw the motion for a bill to abolish slavery , or to concur in the previous question , which he felt it to be his duty to move . said , that in all great and important questions time was given for the parties , whose interests were affected , to petition against the measure . The present motion was precipitate , and precluded the parties from that opportunity . He would also ask , was the noble lord or any one else prepared to offer any remuneration to the colonists , if they should be deprived of the services of the slaves and their children ? This was a measure which would be fraught with ruin to the colonists , and should therefore have his decided opposition . while he deprecated the motion as fraught with the most dangerous consequences , said , he rejoiced that it had been brought forward thus early , because it shewed the cloven foot , which had been attempted to be concealed : he believed that this was one main object in view by the abolitionists . It was fraught with much evil , and he trusted it would open the eyes of the public , to the intentions of the promoters of those measures . had the motion proceeded from a less respectable quarter , would have been as glad as the hon . baronet that it had been made , because it would shew that he ( Mr. W. ) , and those who thought with him , made the distinction between the abolition of the trade and the emancipation of the slaves , and not only abstained from proposing the latter , but were ready to reject such a proposition when made by others . How much soever he looked forward with anxious expectation to the period when the negroes might with safety be liberated ; he knew too well the effect which the long continuance of abject slavery produced upon the human mind , to think of their immediate emancipation ; a measure , which , at the present moment , would be injurious to them , and ruinous to the colonies . He , and those who acted with him , were satisfied 144 with having gained an object which was safely attainable ; they had always declared what he now repeated , that the sole point which they had in view was , the abolition of the slave trade , and not of the emancipation of the slaves . The enemies of the abolition had always confounded these two objects ; the friends of the abolition had always distinguished them . deprecated any discussion on this subject . If a hope remained that the colonies might be saved , the only mode of realizing that hope , would be by shewing that the house would not for a moment admit the proposal for emancipation . after the anxious expectation which he had last night expressed , that the bill then passed was but the preamble of the ultimate measure of emancipation , thought that he should be guilty of the grossest inconsistency in giving a silent vote on the present question . With these sentiments he need scarcely say , that the noble earl had his thanks for having directed the attention of the house to this important subject , even at that early period . The noble earl 's statement had been misrepresented . He had never proposed to enfranchise the living negroes ; his measure , as he understood him , was to commence with infants born after a period , which would remain a matter of future parliamentary discussion . The planters were entitled to fair dealing on this subject . If the house meant to say , that by abolishing the slave trade they had done all that duty demanded , and that they would leave the emancipation of the slaves to the hazard of fortuitous circumstances , let them be explicit , and say so ; but if there lurked in any man 's mind a secret desire to proceed in that business , a secret conviction that more ought to be