, the combining of voluntary contributions , according to the different circumstances of places , and the means of instruction which each might possess ; and , therefore , he approved of the house going into a committee . The encouraging a desire in the lower orders of the people to better their situation , did not appear to him an objectionable part of the bill ; because , it was natural that hope should exist in the breast of every one , to push himself forward in the scale of human beings , As far , however , as he had been able to observe the disposition of the country , as to this bill , it had not been received so favourably as he could have wished . He himself had received various representations against it , principally on account of its having been precipitately introduced . Although he was for going into the committee , he was not for pressing it forward afterwards till such time as parliament could be informed more particularly of the real sentiments of the country regarding it . He agreed in regard to what had been said of Scotland , and ascribed a good deal of that order and moral conduct , industry , and rectitude , which prevailed in that part of the country , to their general system of education . It would be important that the system now to be adopted here , should be combined with all those advantages which made men valuable members of society , and accustomed them to be obedient under command and controul . He approved highly of the plan which had been suggested that night by a right . hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) as to combining it with the institution at maritime schools . He professed himself to be a friend to the bill in general , although he was convinced it was susceptible of various important improvements He trusted he should have to congratulate the hon . gent . who had introduced it , in having thus laid the foundation of a system which would yet be attended with the most beneficial effects upon society . after paying some very handsome compliments to the hon . mover for his good intentions in the formation of the bill then before the house , observed , that this was a subject which most particularly required deliberate consideration . It was impossible , of all others , that this subject could be decided uno flatu . It was an 547 object that humanity and justice long required ; but had the maturity of time now come to such a state of fulness that it was impossible for us to wait another session ? That the diffusion of knowledge was proper might be supported by many good arguments ; but he confessed that he was himself a sceptic on this point . It was said , look at the state of the savage when compared to ours . A savage among savages was very well , and the difference was only perceived when he came to be introduced into civilized society . That state of each society was known best by comparing one with another , and that was found to be the best which had the greatest variety of employments for its members . A knowledge of many of the fine arts , and of the mechanic arts , was very useful , but we were not all to be artists or mechanics ; how awkward should we be situated if we were a nation of shoemakers , or carpenters , or taylors ? If , on the other hand , all men were clerks , what should we do for labourers ? This was a false idea ; it was only giving the means of knowledge , without being certain that those means would be rightly made use of . His friend , Dr. Johnson , was of opinion that it was not right to teach reading beyond a certain extent in society . The danger was , that if the teachers of the good and the propagators of bad