meant , that as all government was originally founded for the good of the people , and as ours had been fortunately so kept up a long while , the people had a right to say , when any mischief was done in government , there was a fault somewhere ; and it was convenient to fix it on some other person or persons than the king ; and as the king followed advice in his acts , it was said that the king can do no wrong ; but , whenever any thing was amiss in his government , it was considered , not as the act of the king but the act of his advisers . That adviser was responsible to the people ; and it was upon this principle that the maxim that the king can do no wrong , was founded . Hence the present resolution became necessary to support that maxim , because the present ministers had come into office in direct violation of the fundamental principles of the constitution ; and unless the house marked that act with its disapprobation , part of that constitution would be lost . For these reasons , the present resolution had his most hearty concurrence . observed , that notwithstanding the violent epithets used by the noble lord who had preceded him , he should discuss this question coolly on its own grounds . He contended that a resolution like the present was not to be found in any part of our Parliamentary History . He reminded their lordships of what took place in 1783 , when an administration was removed ; we saw then what we see now , an administration discharged , greatly dissatisfied on account of its removal . Opposition carried with it great talents , but with as little discretion as marked its conduct on the subject which was the cause of its removal : but not then as now , did such a resolution appear ; nor was the king 's name used so freely then as on the present occasion ; and here he could not help reminding their lordships of the established rule , by which it was held disorderly to mention the king 's name in a house of parliament to influence a debate . 408 He thought that the late ministers had been putted up by silly and idle flattery , as if they possessed All the Talents of this country , and it made them think they could dictate to the crown ; but this was not to be done by them , nor by any set of men in this kingdom . It was said , that the course they were now pursuing had been rendered necessary by the conduct of their sovereign ; but that was not so , they were not put upon their defence , although they were pleased to say so . Their sovereign made no charge against them ; but under the idea of making their defence , when they were not charged with any thing , they thought themselves at liberty to say something by which they ought to impute something to the conduct of somebody whom nobody knows , whom they call the adviser of the king , in a case in which it is manifest his majesty could not have had any adviser ; and , as far as his own individual feelings went , he must say that he felt considerable doubt of the propriety of making the disclosures which had been made in this case . The oath of a privy counsellor had been much insisted on ; but that did not call on them for their own justification in a case wherein there was no charge made against them , to bring forward resolutions in parliament indirectly tending to reflect on the conduct of his majesty . The substance of the measure before the house was , whether his majesty did not from the first signify his discontent to the measure which was proposed by the late ministers in favour of the Catholics . There was no question but that his majesty gave his reluctant and