can , find a want of precision in this clear and distinct explanation , how did it appear to those who were most conversant and most deeply interested in every part of the transaction ? To the king , to whom it was proposed ; to those ministers who were consulted upon it , or by whom it was advised ; to those , through whom it was communicated to the Catholics ? That it was not understood by the king , we have his majesty 's own authority , as stated by the noble baron lately at the head of his ministry . That it was not understood by the cabinet , we have the authority of a noble viscount , and , as I am informed , that of two other members of the cabinet , who , if they had understood the measure , would , as well as himself , have dissented from it , and who , when they did understand it , took no part in the further proceedings . That it was not understood by the noble lord himself , who brought it forward in another place , we have his own authority , collected from his own notice , and from the manner in which his clauses were to be introduced . We are further told by that noble lord himself , that he had not sufficiently attended to the distinction between his own measure and the Irish act . The candour of this admission does honour to the noble lord ; but it removes all our wonder , that others should not have understood what those who proposed it did not understand themselves ; it removes also some of our regret , that the proposal of great measures is no longer vested in the same hands ; it removes also much of our surprise , that in an intercourse of a confidential nature between the king and his servants , some precautions should have been thought absolutely necessary to prevent future misunderstandings . To the measure , however , thus stated , and thus understood , the king , after repeated instances , gave a reluctant consent , adverting , however , particularly to what had passed in 1793 . Did he not also add , in precise and positive terms , that he thought it necessary to declare , that he would not go one step farther ? If this can not be denied , is it not a fact which ought to have been brought forward by those , who , in the defence of their own conduct , have forced us to discuss an accusation against the king ? 370 Whatever difference of opinion there may be as to the line they should have followed after this declaration , this at least will be conceded , that it imposed upon them not only the duty of stating with the utmost distinctness what was the nature and the extent of the further steps which he was required to take , but of ascertaining , with the same distinctness , the nature and the extent of the consent of his majesty . Did the ministers perform this duty ? Was it sufficient to rest such a point upon the understanding of a conversation , in which the king believed that he had signified his perseverance in refusal , but which the noble secretary of state understood as a reluctant consent , or , as he candidly admits , rather as not withdrawing the consent which had been originally given . The ministers being in possession of the written opinion of his majesty , giving a reluctant consent to a measure evidently limited , with a declaration that he could not go one step further , his consent to an unlimited measure is implied , from what ? From the expression of his decided disapprobation . It ought not to be forgotten , that immediately after this conversation , an opportunity was offered , by the audience of the leading member of government , to clear up the doubt , while it was yet time . We understand from that noble