a prince of the house of Bourbon ; yet the queen and her ministers made peace very soon afterwards , and the resolution of the house was so much waste paper , and no more . He was ready to absolve the late ministers from the imputation which had been charged upon them , of having attempted to force on the king any measure that militated against his feelings or his conscience ; but he could not absolve them from negligence and inattention in the mode in which they had conducted themselves . He adverted particularly to the uncertainty and ambiguity contained in the Irish dispatch , and thought them blameable in endeavouring to obtain his majesty 's opinion through the medium of a draft of a dispatch . He thought if the noble lord at the head of the late administration had openly and candidly communicated directly with his majesty on this important and delicate subject , the late misunderstanding could not have happened . As to the pledge , about which so much had been said , he would ask , whether , under all the circumstances which had been stated , it was very extraordinary the king should require such a security to his peace of mind , 386 and to the dictates of his conscience , after the representation which had been given in by the late ministers ; and that , after a refusal of such pledge , his majesty should be desirous and anxious to look for other servants who would not treat him in a similar manner . What did the late ministers say respecting this pledge ? Why , that it was not fit to be given ; they introduced therefore the reservation , as a sort of counterpoise , and by so doing made it in some degree incumbent upon his majesty to call to his councils other men , with whom he could act more in unison . It had been more than insinuated that this change had been brought about by secret advisers . It did not , however , appear by the statement made by the noble lord ( Grenville ) before the recess , that even the smallest insinuation could ever be made that the king had acted in this matter by the advice of any person whatever . Much had been said as to the effects this would have on the Roman Catholics of Ireland : he hoped , however , that when that body of men reflected on the many disabilities which had been removed by the gracious favour and condescension of his present majesty , who had , from the commencement of his reign , shewn himself desirous to act as far as possible for their relief , they would remember his gracious regard to their situation , and would not be angry when they saw their complaints were not set aside from any cabal , but that they would accordingly conform themselves in such a manner , as to evince they had a true sense of their own case , and were convinced that no intention remains in his majesty but to maintain the oath he had taken at his coronation . Feeling that the motion included a personal inculpation of the king for the exercise of an undoubted prerogative , he could by no means assent to it , and would therefore conclude by moving , that the house do now adjourn.—The question having being read from the woolsack , said , he was both surprised and sorry to hear the sentiments expressed in the noble lord 's speech , but more particularly the latter part of it , in which he said that the Catholics would not be angry when they saw their complaints were not attended to from any intrigue or cabal , but that they must solely attribute it to the will of his majesty . This , he thought , was not the happiest way of reconciling that large body of men to the opposition made to their claims , or of conciliating their affections , which had been weakened by repeated disappointments . The noble lord had