competition was left where it was found . The petitioners are equally inaccurate in asserting that injury had resulted to them from the encouragement given to the trade of neutral nations . It would be an untruth on their part to say that any encouragement had been given by the late government to neutral trade , beyond what the law of nations , as declared by the court of admiralty , had allowed ; or beyond what is necessary to the export of our manufactures , the interests of which would otherwise be sacrificed , without doing any good to what is called `` the shipping interest . '' Parliament had heard much of this same `` shipping interest , '' and through the same agency , in the last session . And it had been made the watch-word against the American intercourse bill , the effects of which bill , he was prepared to prove , had been peculiarly beneficial to British shipping . He had no doubt , that if amidst the debates on that bill , the late ministry had , then been removed , the whole nation would have been stunned with the same senseless and unjust cry about the `` shipping interest , '' which is raised at the present day respecting a more serious subject . The words `` shipping interest , '' and `` the protestant church , '' vibrate forcibly on a British ear . He reprobated the misuse of such senseless appeals , and was not afraid to reprobate them , because no individual in either house of parliament had shewn himself more openly , more zealously , or more uniformly , attentive to the interests of British navigation , or to the more essential of all public objects , the safety of the church of England . He must lament the political depravity of those who raised such cries , and the folly of those who were misled by them . Little minds have in all ages availed themselves of these occasional perversions of popular opinion ; great minds have always been apt to disregard and undervalue them . War-whoops of this description had been made the chief engines in the dissolution of the French monarchy ; and the mere word `` aristocrat '' had brought to the guillotine thousands and tens of thousands of the nobility and magistracy . His lordship concluded his speech with stating several details 521 of the flourishing state of commerce and revenue as exhibited in the printed accounts which he had laid before the house . Through the whole struggle of the last fourteen years , our progressive means had kept pace with our progressive expenditure : and the finance measure as prepared by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) , and as explained with such eloquence by the late chancellor of the exchequer , had taught the country to place a well-founded confidence in its own energies , and to look without dismay to the difficulties and dangers of the war , to whatever length it may be carried , by our powerful and implacable enemy . thought it necessary to say but a very few words upon the subject . He had nothing to do with any cry that had been raised against the late ministers , and he should therefore confine himself to the amendment in the bill to which the noble lord objected . It was well known to those acquainted with the subject , that during a period of war a great quantity of tonnage was employed by government , and that on a peace taking place all this tonnage being thrown out of this employ , there was for 2 or 3 years a greater quantity of tonnage than could find a market . It was therefore of great importance to release the tonnage at a period of peace from the war duty , and it was with this view that it had been taken out of the pledge as originally contained in the bill . The security left to the public creditor was amply sufficient in the duties which remained pledged , and therefore he did