lord , that nothing passed upon the subject . That the king should not have repeated his dissent , was perfectly natural . His determination not to advance one step beyond his former concessions , had been declared in writing ; his dissent from the new step proposed , had , as he thought , been distinctly expressed to the person , whose immediate duty it was to conduct the measure : and he might well think it unnecessary to repeat it . But it would have been fortunate ( and that it did not so happen must now be regretted by himself ) , if the noble person who had the second audience had felt that necessity for clearing up all doubts upon so delicate a point , which the very information he received at the door of the closet would to most minds have naturally suggested . Undoubtedly , however , it may be supposed that the information received by government from Ireland , placed the necessity of the measure every day in a stronger light , and afforded greater and greater hopes of quieting the Catholics . Will the ministers state this as a ground for enlarging the measure , or even for persisting in it ? What hopes could be entertained of quieting the Catholics by a 371 limited measure , supported upon principles which required one unlimited , which made what was granted no favour , and left what was refused injustice and oppression ? Did the Irish government give hopes that these concessions would keep back the petition ? Was it not known , that , exclusive of the claims which that petition would bring forward , the previous requests , a compliance with which could alone give even a chance of keeping it back , were such as neither the Irish nor the English government were disposed to admit ? Was not the meeting of the Irish Catholics , at which the petition was decided , a sufficient proof of the inefficacy of these concessions , even if the declarations of some leading orators had not spurned at their nullity ? What then had happened ? The clear and precise dispatch to the Irish government had been so well understood , that Mr. Elliott , though answering in the words of that dispatch , had given a doubtful answer ; and that the Catholics , as was natural , were disposed to explain this doubt in their own favour . This favourable explanation was confirmed by the dispatch of the 3d of March , to which the consent of the king was implied , from the circumstance of his having returned without observation a draft which was sent to him without observation ; and upon his consent , equally implied from the conversation above stated , in which the difference was explained , the measure in its new and extended form was pressed on in the house of commons . At length it became evident that the whole business had been involved in misconception . On the 13th of March , the majority of the cabinet , convinced that the king was immovable in his determination , communicated to him , through the medium of that noble lord , their resolution to modify the bill , so as to bring it within the limits of the act of 1793 . With this resolution it appears that his majesty was satisfied . Why then was the whole bill abandoned ? It would , it seems , have been difficult to find arguments to justify an adherence to the exact letter of the Irish act . Was there no difficulty then in finding arguments to justify the voluntary and entire relinquishment of a measure , stated by themselves to be indispensably necessary , and which they should be deeply criminal if they neglected to propose ? If it could be done in the latter case ( as the noble lord in another place has stated that it might ) without committing his majesty , why not in the former ? If it was necessary to com- 372 mit his majesty , was it not better