how stood the matter ? Why , that from one set of men a pledge was demanded , and from another not , so that the king had it in his 465 power to apply partially and not generally a test , which must operate to exclude all honourable men from the service of their country . And this system was patronized , too , by one of those ( Mr. Canning ) who was , beyond all others , vociferous and incessant in calling for administrations that , to use his own phrase , should combine all the talents of the country . The hon . gent . who spoke last , was of opinion that the Catholic question ought to have been settled in Ireland before the Union . That , however , even Mr. Pitt found to be impracticable . The hon . gent . said too that Mr Pitt had , before his last entrance into administration , given satisfaction to the royal mind , that he never would agitate the Catholic question . If this be true , by what means did Mr. Pitt communicate such a satisfaction or pledge ? If he did communicate by any member of the administration of that day any thing to that effect , it would confirm a suspicion he then and now entertained , that the administration in question , with which he himself was connected , had fallen the victims of secret intrigues , and that the principal intriguer was the same in both instances . He had for upwards of a month before the fall of that administration , thought that things were not going well , but he was now perfectly satisfied that the same secret advisers had been at work in both cases . With respect to the satisfaction given by Mr. Pitt , he was convinced it must have related to the Catholic question as a whole , for he knew for certain that about a year before Mr. Pitt died , he had it in view to adopt some measure for conciliating the Catholics , and if this was denied , he could show the proofs . It was dear therefore that Mr. Pitt could have given no pledge upon any thing connected with the Catholics . As to the motion before the house , he could not conceive the house of commons so limited and stinted in its functions , that it ought not to presume to ask for any satisfaction respecting the extraordinary and regretted change which had taken place . The king could undoubtedly appoint whom he pleased his ministers , as he could remove them , by his prerogative . But the house of commons had its privileges too ; and it ought to express its opinions upon an event so intimately affecting the public welfare . But it was said , to represent the necessity of a permanent and efficient administration , and to express regret at the change , would tend to remove the new and force back the old ministers . As to the first , it was clear , in- 466 deed , that if a permanent and efficient administration was necessary , the new ministers could not remain ; it did not follow , however , that the late ministers were to be forced back . It was asked too , would the house stultify the new ministers ? That was needless , they had stultified themselves ; for on the death of Mr. Pitt they publicly proclaimed their own imbecility , and threw up the government . What had happened since , but that they were thirteen months older , and had placed the duke of Portland at their head ? Was the duke of Portland to supply the place of Mr. Pitt , without whom the administration fell of itself ? It could not be credited by any one that the duke of Portland , old and infirm as he was , could be the real minister . No one believed it . The performers were all the same , but their parts were to be new cast . Last year