which was shut out at present from every side of the coast . This measure would place both Africa and the West Indies in a better condition , and have the effect of putting an end to the wars , crimes , and kidnappings , which were resorted to in Africa to obtain slaves . Of all the slaves that were brought from that country , not one was taken upon just grounds ; but the instances were numberless of those taken by fraud and criminal artifices . He considered the trade as a crime , and in abolishing it , the house was performing a primary duty ; the first duty of parliament being to provide for the freedom of the subject , and that no man should receive injury from another . After a few observations on the Sierra Leone establishment , the hon . member concluded by giving his hearty support to the bill . thought the measure fraught with ruin to the colonies and the commercial prosperity of the country . He complained of the style of declamation and common-place expressions of justice and humanity , generally delivered with munch eloquence , with which this measure had been supported . It was foolish , if not blasphemous , for them to graft on their theories the character of the dispensations of Divine Providence . They ought to consider the good that this measure might do to Africa , and the evil it might do to ourselves , and , having 135 compared the quantity of good and evil that might result from it , if the former should preponderate , to consider whether this was a moment at which they could afford to encounter so much evil . If this country were to withdraw its capital from the slave trade , our enemies would be enabled to carry it on upon better terms , because the price of the slave would be lower on the coast . But the Trans-Atlantic market was but a small part of the slave market . The empire of Morocco , and tile great empires in the interior of Africa , took off the greatest portion of them . If he thought that there existed the cruelties alledged in the treatment of the slaves , he should not oppose the measure . But he had been in all our West India colonies , in all the islands belonging to other nations , and he thought the condition of the labourers in the West Indies as happy as that of the peasantry in any nation of Europe . The sway of the whites was mild , but the tyranny of the blacks was really a whip of scorpions . If this bill were to be passed , the emancipation would follow . He had been in the empire of Hayti , and conversed with all classes from the field negro to the field officer , and he could assert , that they had not wished for liberty when it was offered to them , but preferred the mild government of the whites to the severe oppression of the blacks . was as much an advocate for liberty as any man , but thought it very dangerous to propagate such an idea among the unenlightened negroes . It war to be recollected how much Great Britain bad already lost in her colonial strength , by the discussion of these abstract principles ; to that she owed the revolt and loss of her American colonies , and it behoved her to be aware of propagating notions of political right among a people so unintelligent and so easily provoked to revolt as the negroes . With regard to the supply of negroes to the colonies , as it appeared on all hands at least questionable point , that the negro population could be kept up without any farther importation , he recommended rather a suspension of the trade than a total abolition , in order that an experiment might be fairly made upon this important question . said , that the total time of labour was only ten hours . The whip of driver was