most incalculable evils . The new administration seemed to emulate the giants , who , when they were overthrown and touched the earth , recovered their strength : for it was not long since they had doubted their power to carry on the government of the country , and since that time their attempts at opposition had been repeatedly defeated . contended , that this was just a question between one set of ministers and another . As to the pledge demanded by his majesty , if any minister had advised the abrogation of the Bill of Rights , or the dissolution of Magna Charta , he should like to know whether the king would not have been justified in demanding from them a promise to refrain from such advice in future , and , if their word was not to be trusted , to demand that promise in writing ? Forty years ago , such advice as had been given to his majesty , would have been impeachable . He remembered the time , not 30 years since , when lord North gave up this point , and sent to Ireland 70,000 stand of arms , which had since been used in rebellion against this country . Some people said , that the late ministry had done great things . He thought the great family of which it was chiefly composed , had been always very full of theories , and no family had been better paid for their theories . By the first theory we lost America ; by the second , the election act , a most contemptible court had been produced ; and by the last and most fatal , the slave trade had been abolished . He 310 insisted on it , that the Americans acquire by that measure the traffic in 170,000 hogsheads of sugar annually , 170,000 hogsheads of sugar would be annually lost to this country . He knew that the king and all the royal family almost were adverse to this measure . [ Here the cry of order ! order ! increased considerably , and the Speaker reminded the hon . gent . that this subject had been already disposed of , and had not the least connection with the question then before the house . ] The hon . member then proceeded : Very well , sir ; I may not perhaps be perfectly in order ; but this much I will say , that I entirely disagree with the hon . member who has made the motion now before you , and disapprove of all that has since then been urged in support of it . considered this question as important in the abstract ; but tenfold more imperious when viewed in connection with the late measure which was supposed to lead to the dismissal of his majesty 's servants . The hon . baronet ( sir T. Turton ) , who had spoken , had asserted , that the resolution went to attach blame to his majesty . He was most anxious to deliver himself , and those who concurred in opinion with him , from such an imputation ; for he had , the highest respect for his majesty , and believed him to be utterly incapable of doing any thing of himself which was not called for by the interests of his people ; and , therefore , those who had secretly advised him , had done a double injury ; first , in inducing his majesty to believe that he was acting contrary to the interests of his people ; and next , in persuading him to demand an unconstitutional pledge . Those who had led the Father of his People to believe that such a pledge was proper to be demanded , and who persuaded him that the Protestant establishment was in danger , had taken upon themselves the responsibility . The house had yet to learn how the Protestant establishment was endangered . He would keep that point in view in what he had to say , for as he was firmly persuaded that the safety of the empire depended on our