of the king were distinctly known , it evidently became impossible to prosecute the measure with any prospect of advantage , as it would certainly be unjustifiable for the servants of the crown to carry on any measure as a measure of government , contrary to his wishes . But , it was complained too that they insisted on renewing the subject ; whereas they did no more than remind his majesty that circumstances might render it necessary to submit measures connected with the Catholics to his consideration ; so that if it had been necessary to do so , they might not be charged with agitating points which it was supposed they had given up . As to the pledge , he was fully satisfied that such an unconstitutional and so unnecessary a demand never could have entered the king 's head , if he had not been wrought upon by the most pernicious suggestions of secret advisers . By the pledge the king could gain nothing , for he could dismiss his ministers at any time ; but his secret advisers had every thing to gain , by forcing into action this unconstitutional pledge on the ministers they wished to supplant . The secret advisers by this had to gain the exclusion of that association of talents , property , and consideration , which composed the ministry as nothing else 464 but the exclusion of that ministry could enable them to remain in power . The secret advisers , therefore , gained every thing ; the king nothing . It was an object , therefore , to shut out by such an artifice , all the talents which composed the late ministry . `` All the Talents , '' he said , was a phrase which gave offence to the other side , but it should be recollected that the right hon . gent . over the way was himself the person who first had employed this very phrase when he used to argue so strenuously some years ago for the formation of a ministry , combining all the talents of the country , in which combination , however , the talents of no one person in the present ministry , except his own , did he ( Mr. Canning ) propose to include . It was said , however , that the new ministry were to act towards Ireland with a mixture of firmness and conciliation . As to firmness , it was easy to guess what was meant but with regard to conciliation , which supposed mutual giving and receiving , he could not conceive what kind of conciliation that was by which the new ministers pledged themselves to take every thing from the people of Ireland , and give them nothing in return . Besides , was it not absolutely insulting to the people of Ireland , that a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was to be a principal member of an administration founded upon avowed hostility to the Catholic claims ? That noble lord had written to the Irish Catholics in his own name and in that of Mr. Pitt , telling them to conduct themselves with propriety , and trust to this disposition to promote their cause . Good God ! trust to the noble lord ! and what had been the consequences ? Had not the Irish Catholics for the list six years , conducted themselves with the most unimpeached loyalty ? Were they to come to the noble lord and say , `` We have fulfilled our engagements ; we have followed your counsels ; now do you fulfil the engagements you contracted to us . '' What could the noble lord say , but that `` all you say is true ; you have been quiet and loyal ; you have trusted to me , and in return I have pledged myself never to mention your names ? '' What sort of conduct was this ? and could the gentlemen on the other side deny that they were virtually pledged never to mention to the king any question connected with the Catholics ? If they had given no pledge ,