their masters and their country , should be deprived of all employment , and be turned loose upon society , as burthens to the charity , or freebooters upon the property of their neighbourhood ? He never was a proselyte to the doctrines of Adam Smith upon this subject . It was the wisest policy of a nation to provide employment for the matured vigour of its population ; and those manfacturers , who derived immense fortunes by the early industry of those journeymen , would ill deserve the encouragement of the legislature and of the state , if they were ready to sacrifice the comforts of their men to their own avarice , and consign them to beggary the moment they became entitled to receive the wages of journeymen . He instanced one particular house , which entertained above 50 apprentices , and only 2 journeymen ; and he begged to ask how many thousands of artisans must be devoted to famine , if this system was to become general . His hon . and learned friend had compared the state of the bar to that of the calico-printers , and said , what might be very true , that many of the members of that learned profession were much distressed . It might be so , and was to be lamented . But , if it were possible , by the operations of that machinery , philosophy , or chemistry , which had been so learnedly spoken of that night , so to simplify the business of the bar , as to render it practicable to little boys and girls at 12 or 14 , he believed there would be more clamour from the gentlemen of the long robe in Westminster Hall , than from all the combining manufacturers of Lancashire put together . The right hon . gent . mentioned some other instances of oppression from the masters to their apprentices , and their illegal modes of securing their services , sometimes for 9 or 10 years , by a 537 bond from the parent instead of a stamped indenture . He concluded by supporting the bill , and declaring , at the same time , that he disclaimed all countenance to combination ; that he should belie the uniform tenor of his whole political life , if , while he had a seat in that house , the cause of the weak should want an advocate against the strong , who revelled in wealth and luxury upon the fruits of their hard industry . opposed the bill as did Mr. Dent ; and the question being put for the second reading this day 3 months , it was carried without a division . moved the order of the day for the recommitment of the first of the four bills , into which , at the suggestion of the house , he had divided his general bill . The bill now to be committed , was that for establishing a Plan for the Education of the Poor . The order of the day being read , and the question being put that the Speaker do now leave the chair , Mr. Whitbread rose to state the nature and object of this bill . It was not meant , he said , to supersede any parish schools for the education of the poor , already established ; it was not meant to increase unnecessarily the , charge upon any district , where parish schools were already instituted for the education of the poor , by establishing therein additional schools ; his object was , that in every parish where there was a number of poor who could not afford to pay for the education of their children , there should be a school established for their instruction . But , as he proposed the education of the poor to be the incipient principle and grand foundation of all the benefits to be derived in future from the measures of reform in the Poor Laws , he thought this bill , which went peculiarly to that object , should be first established . If , therefore any hon .