the hon gent . as holding places of considerable profit , did the hon . gent . mean to assert that the holding places of profit by public men was inconsistent with the purity of public character ? If the hon . gent . did mean that , such a sentiment must be heard with peculiar surprise from such a quarter , after the panegyric which the hon . gent . had thought proper to pronounce upon the public spirit and patriotism of his right hon . friend . For that hon . gent . must know that one of the highest places of profit in the country was granted in reversion to a person of the name of Perceval ; and again in reversion to another person of the same name . The hon . gent . expressed his heartfelt approbation of the measure , which the motion before the house had in view , and in concurrence with the hon . member , his regret that such a measure had not been introduced forty years ago In alluding to the hon . mover , he could not help expressing his surprise , that any man who had the least opportunity of appreciating the character of that hon . gent . could suppose him capable of binding himself to the purposes of any party . The house indeed must have heard with astonishment the imputation which an hon . gent . on the other side had thought proper to throw out . The hon . member concluded with declaring his cordial concurrence in the motion before the house , against which he had not heard a single argument , and his anxious wish for the success of the motion of which his hon . friend ( Mr. Martin ) had given notice for the next day . in explanation stated , that he did not mean to assert a complete analogy between the case of the noble lord alluded to ( lord Grenville ) and that which appeared to be so much in view in the present discussion . Probably he merely meant to infer from the former case , that in the contemplation of ministerial arrangements , the nature of an office might be changed by connecting it with one with which it was previously deemed altogether incompatible . To be sure in one case the change could be effected only by the sanction of parliament , whereas in the other it was quite subject to the will of the king . thought that it behoved the house to take peculiar care upon a question of this nature . For , understanding that a 187 noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was likely to hold a leading situation in the new administration , whose conduct in Ireland could not escape his recollection , he was fully convinced of the necessity of vigilant precaution . He ( Mr. Parnell ) had had the honour of a seat in the house of commons in Ireland during the discussions upon the Union , and he remembered that in the first session , when that measure was proposed and lost , two families of some parliamentary influence stood neuter . But in the following session , under this noble lord 's management of reversions , these two families were brought into action , and by such means the union was voted by a small majority . A son of one of these families was , to his knowledge , secured in the reversion of the clerkship of the pells in Ireland , and to a son of the other family he imagined that a reversion of a more serious nature was promised , for the first bishopric that became vacant was assigned to him . With these facts in his recollection , and with the prospect now before the house , he thought that every practicable guard against corruption ought to be established . disclaimed any intention to assert any thing so absurd , as that the holding of a public place of profit was incompatible with the purity of public character . He only meant to say , that it afforded him