in favour of India ; it is therefore highly important to probe the question , which relates to the cultivation and importation of such an article as sugar from the East , to the bottom . The value of every rupee invested in sugar , and imported from the East , is an additional rupee to the balance of trade against the mother country . Some able and well-intentioned persons have made it a question , whether sugar may not be supplied from India to almost an indefinite amount ; but they are not aware that the success , or , in other words , the benefit of India , in this instance , would prove the destruction of the mother country , which could not exist under the immense drain of bullion that must follow . If the East was in the same predicament with the West Indies , when the cost of the sugar was either spent in Great Britain and Ireland , or paid for in manufactures and stores , it would be consistent with the soundest principles of political arithmetic to encourage the importation by every possible means . '' The house would observe that this was not the opinion of a committee of West India planters and merchants , but was signed with the respectable names of the East India directors , C. Mills , J. Roberts , F. Baring , J. Bosanquet , H. Inglis , J . Cotton , A. Robarts , and E. Parry . The evil attending the St. Domingo revo- 96 lution , however , did not stop here ; the scarcity of colonial produce which it occasioned , suggested to the British ministry the delusive project of making foreigners pay a part of our heavy duty on sugar . It was said that we had the whole colonial trade under our command—that foreigners must take their sugar from us , and that we might therefore safely deny a proportion of our drawbacks and bounties on the re-export . This expedient was brought forward in 1796 , was approved by parliament , and in that year 4s . were taken from the drawback on the raw sugar , and 7s . from the bounty on refined . This he considered as a most impolitic measure , a mere expedient of the moment to get over the difficulties of the year ; and he was sorry to say , that , in the whole course of his mercantile experience and intercourse with ministers on commercial subjects , he had too often found that the expedient of the year was the chief object , and that others , perhaps eventually more important , must give way to that . Like greedy and improvident farmers , it was the year 's crop we looked to , one white crop perhaps after another , and stimulated most likely by alkalis and forcers of all sorts ; regardless whether we were or were not reducing the soil to a caput mortuum but let the soil be once reduced to a caput mortuum , and then neither the farmer nor the financier will find their crops stack or thresh out well.—In 1799 , this pernicious measure received new force , by a further reduction of the drawbacks and bounties , on the same alledged principle as before ; but the delusion did not last long ; for in that year , a Report from the West India merchants was made to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , affording the most irrefragable evidence that Great Britain did not in fact command the colonial trade , or the supply of Europe with colonial produce : that report states , that there entered at the port of Hamburgh , between the 8th March and 10th Sept. 1799 , chiefly laded with sugar and coffee—146 ships from America , 3 from the Havannah , 7 from the East Indies , with sugar , 18 from the neutral West Indies , 56 from Lisbon and Oporto ; in all 230 ; and that , from all the British ports , there had only arrived , in that time , 211 ships