by the pre-eminent minister of that day , to the principle of raising a considerable portion of the war-supplies within the year . That principle was pursued in the convoy-duties , the treble-assessed taxes , and the income tax . In 1802 , on the return of peace , Mr. Addington ( now lord Sidmouth ) found the income tax charged with 56 millions , and an unfunded debt of 40 millions . The noble lord took the bold resolution to fund the whole 96 millions , and to provide permanent taxes to pay the interest . It was a resolution dictated by a judicious , provident , and energetic policy . When the war broke out again in the following year , the noble lord reverted to Mr. Pitt 's system of raising a large proportion of the war-expenditure 519 within the year , and accordingly proposed the property-tax , and various war-duties on excise and customs . Subsequent additions had been made to those several modes of supply , and particularly in the last session , when the late chancellor of the exchequer had raised the property-tax from 6¼ to 10 per cent . In the result , the whole annual produce of the war-taxes is now estimated at 21 millions ; of which 11½ are furnished by the property-tax , and 9½ by the excise and customs . Lord Grenville 's ministry , in adjusting their plan of finance , had determined at all events not to burthen the country with the property-tax beyond the duration of the war , and had therefore pledged only the war-duties of customs and excise for the liquidation of such war-loans as might remain unredeemed on the return of peace . This eventual restriction had been censured and resisted by their opponents as unnecessary and unwise . But what was the line now adopted ? Those who contended that the whole consideration Should have been left open and unfettered to the return of peace , have still further restricted the pledge in question , and have confined it to the war duties of excise . In objecting to this restriction , he ( lord Auckland ) did not mean to argue that the pledge was insufficient , though certainly it was a violation of the engagements made with the contractors for the loan . But he strongly censured the selection made , and thought it the worst that could have been adopted . The war duties of excise , so far as they affect the malt , can not be continued after the war without injury to the landed property ; so far as tobacco , spirits , and tea , are concerned , those duties can not exist after the return of peace , with safety to fair trade and to the revenue . The war duties on customs , which were at all events set free by the change made in the bill , consisted of duties on imports and exports , and on the tonnage of shipping . He could not hesitate to assert , that some of those duties were the least exceptionable of any of the war duties , to be continued on the return of peace . It appeared , however , in the votes of the house of commons , that a petition against the finance measure had been presented by certain persons , on the part of what they called `` the shipping interest ; '' and that petition was understood to have occasioned the selection to which he objected ; He had reason to believe that the petition was signed by very few of the respectable men who possess the shipping property of the British empire ; but at any rate it was founded in 520 a total misconception or misrepresentation of the subject . The tonnage duty in question and its produce wore so inconsiderable , that they could not have any perceptible effect , even if exclusively levied on British ships ; but , in fact , the duty is imposed on the ships of all nations , and , therefore , so far as it may operate , the