him , as one of the sitting members for that town , charging him with bribery and corruption , and loading him with all those epithets which petitions of that description usually contain . It was , however , permitted to drop , but not until he had been put to very considerable trouble and some expence , in preparations to resist it ; in doing which he discovered , that five of the persons petitioning against him were not at Lancaster ; and he found that there was not the smallest chance of even obtaining that redress which the law of this country gives in cases of forfeited recognizances , as the party so entering into such recognizances on this occasion did not appear to be worth sixpence . He further discovered that warrants , as from the speaker , to attend the committee in town , had been served on several persons , five or six of whom were in attendance then in the lobby , but that all these warrants had been forged ; that a person well known to a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) appeared as the solicitor conducting his petition , and the ostensible agent of the petitioners ; that the warrants were discovered to be forged , on application at the office of the speaker 's secretary ; that they were dated the 26th of Feb. , whereas none were issued from that depart- 178 ment until the 4th of March ; and that Mr. John Alcock , of the Borough , was the person to whom he alluded as the ostensible agent of the petitioners.—Here the hon . member was proceeding to submit a motion on the subject , when suggested the propriety of merely mentioning a future day for taking the matter into consideration , and at present moving , that the offending parties be upon that day ordered to attend . then observed , that to-morrow would equally answer the ends of justice . did not rise to oppose any enquiry which the house might make upon the business , but merely to say , that he thought to-morrow would be too soon , as it might not be possible for Mr. Alcock , in so short a time , to have an opportunity of justifying himself . He certainly could not , and would not disavow his knowledge of that gentleman , and since he was thus publicly noticed as having such knowledge of him , he would add , that he believed him an upright and honest man.—After some desultory remarks from other members , it was at last ordered , that Mr John Alcock do attend the house to-morrow together with other persons named in the order . said he was not aware that the motion he was about to offer was liable to any objection . It came recommended , not by his individual authority , but by the sanction of the committee of the house appointed `` to examine and consider what regulations and checks have been established , in order to controul the several branches of the public expenditure in Great Britain and Ireland , and how far the same have been effectual , and what further measures can be adopted for reducing any part of the said expenditure , or diminishing the amount of salaries end emoluments without detriment to the public service '' It occurred to the committee , in furtherance of the object committed to its care , that grants of offices in reversion , though not exceeding the grants that had been made in former times , ought to be restricted , and put a stop to . In Ireland , which had lately become united with this country , and was equally entitled to attention , the practice of granting reversions prevailed to an infinitely greater extent . The practice was an abuse , so far as it prevailed , and it was an abuse likely to be extended , if some timely check was not imposed upon it . He was therefore 179 directed by the committee , as its chairman , to