unnecessary to petition the house on that particular point , as it had been already done . The judge advocate general was deprived of that power of which he had complained , and which he certainly would have made the subject of a motion , had not the Situation to which he was appointed afforded him an opportunity of putting an end to the practice . He begged pardon for trespassing on the house , but he thought it necessary to refute the idle and mischievous reports , the calumnies , he might say , which had been circulated respecting his conduct in this business . could not subscribe to the doctrine of the hon gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) that every petition was to be presented if couched in respectful terms . The petition had been put into his hands , and he had certainly declined presenting it , because he could nor conceive how this house could interfere so as to give the redress solicited . Mr. Whitbread declared , that he did not constitute himself judge to determine what petitions ought to be presented and what not . All that he had to do was to take care that they Were couched in proper and respectful terms . Whether they were to be received 78 or not was matter for the consideration of the house . stated , that he was in the same predicament with the hon . members who had spoken ; but he united in the opinion of the hon . gent . who had presented the petition , as to its being the duty of every member to present any petition to the house , when couched in proper terms . He therefore rose merely for the purpose of seconding the motion which had been made.—The motion was then put and carried . chairman of the Yarmouth election committee , reported that the sitting members , Messrs. Harbord and Lushington , were duly elected , and that the petition against them was not frivolous or vexatious.—On the motion of Mr. Tierney , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house a monthly return of desertions from the army , from the 1st of January to the latest period ; also a return of the effective strength of the army , from which the said desertions had taken place at the same periods ; also a weekly account of the number of recruits raised in the same period , distinguishing Ireland from Great Britain.—On the motion of Mr. Kenrick , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house , an account of the number of causes tried by the court of exchequer in Scotland during the last 15 years.—Mr . Herbert , after commenting briefly on the important question now before the house , touching the expulsion of one of its members , and observing that it was desirable , in addition to the report of the committee of precedents , to have every other information calculated to give a full and fair view of all parts of the case , moved , that the Proceedings of the Court Martial for the Trial of John Fenton Cawthorne , esq . colonel of the Westminster militia , laid before the house , April 8 , 1796 , and ordered to be printed , be now reprinted . Mr. Tierney objected to the motion on the ground of the expence , trouble , and delay of printing a voluminous mass of papers , when the question before the 79 house was not whether the expulsion had justly taken place , but whether the member expelled could legally sit again . Mr. Bankes thought the papers ought to be printed , in order to afford a full view of the case . Mr. Sturges Bourne , Mr. Hurst , Mr. Simeon , Mr. Osborne , and Mr. Fuller , argued to the same effect . Mr. C. Wynne wished this question to be reserved for future discussion . The Speaker thought it right to observe , that when this business had been first before the house , it had been