to be contrary to his ; upon which his opinion had not only been repeatedly and decidedly declared , but had been acted upon by him under the most trying circumstances , and was founded not upon any arguments of political expediency , but upon a religious regard to the sacred obligation of his oath . If measures of concession to the Catholics had been consented to by the king , upon former occasions , with evident reluctance , arising from a conscientious fear lest they should pass the hallowed line , how deeply was it incumbent upon those , who proposed advancing but a single step within that limit , to define with the utmost precision the extent of that single step ? Can we , who have heard little upon this subject , except the voluntary defence of ministers , can even they , who made it , now say , even to themselves , either that this caution was not necessary , or that 368 it was not neglected ? Can they say , that in the first proposal to his majesty to extend the privileges of the Roman Catholics , the limits of that extension were accurately stated to him ? were perhaps even accurately defined in their own minds . The measure was first proposed to be introduced by clauses in the mutiny bill . Could this by possibility go beyond the army , or include the navy ? The notice of the intended motion referred , as I am informed , to the Irish act of 1793 , and professed to admit Catholics to certain commissions . Could this be supposed to include the admission of all dissenters to all commissions and appointments ? But what was the reasoning by which this proposal was supported , when addressed to his majesty ? Am I misinformed , when I hear that he was told , that it was the earnest wish of ministers , to avoid every discussion , which could in the remotest degree be painful to any feelings , or repugnant to any opinion of his majesty ? That this object they hoped they had attained by the measure then suggested : and why was it supposed to be attained ? Because , so far from being repugnant to any known opinion of his majesty , it was perfectly conformable in principle to that concession which he had consented to in 1793 ; because it was only fulfilling the engagement which had been entered into under his majesty 's authority at that time . Was it not stated , that the Irish act enabled the king 's subjects in Ireland to hold commissions in the army , with no other restriction than is there pointed out ? and that if a similar provision be refused with respect to this part of the united kingdom , it would ( amongst orher arguments ) bear an appearance of a conduct not consistent with openness and good faith ? If this was the manner in which the proposal was represented , ( and if it was not , I shall be contradicted , ) can any man wonder at the impression made upon his majesty 's mind ? I will not argue against the cavil which may be made upon the reference to the principle of the act of 1793 . It is answered at once by the proposal , after referring to the restrictions in that act , of a similar provision for England . Besides , what is the principle of an act ? Is it not to be found equally in what it withholds , and what it grants ? If it allows certain privileges for the relief of his Catholic subjects , does it not impose certain restrictions for the security of his Protestant establishment ? Is it fair to argue , that the only 369 object of a legislative measure is to annihilate all distinctions between different sects , when it is an equally prominent object of the same measure to preserve a part of them ? But , if we , who are left to collect our information as we