rendered liable to the greatest difficulties and severest disabilities . They were compelled to go to church , and prohibited from attending mass , by which we made the Protestant religion the tormentor of the Roman Catholic soldier and his own religion the engine of his punishment . For his own part , he was free to own he did not possess that agonizing foresight which could see the ruin or the church in our having a Roman Catholic staff-officer ; and he feared , if we continued to proceed on that idea , we might avoid dangers that were only imaginary , but should certainly 321 incur those that were real . The bill , was part of the national defence , and the question was , whether they should continue to impose disabilities , which operated not merely on the Roman Catholics , but greatly to the disadvantage of the whole empire . The objections stated by the right hon . gent . were stronger as to the principle of the bill , than to the bill itself . He seemed to think that the principle of the bill tended to subvert and overturn the established church . In this he differed with him altogether , for he considered the principle of the bill as calculated to soften and mitigate the asperity of religious prejudices , to amalgamate and blend the jarring opinions of men professing different religious persuasions , and to unite them all in one common bond of union , so that they might act together freely and heartily in the defence of the whole empire . To effect this would , in his opinion , secure the established church on the most permanent foundation , by a union of all men of all religious opinions , without which he feared the empire could not be long preserved . The principle of the bill went to give the Catholics of Ireland a participation in the defence of the country , by enabling them to enjoy commissions in the army and navy , and to shew them that they were in future to be placed on a more liberal footing with regard to the law . The right hon . gent . had argued , that it was not in human nature for the Roman Catholics to be contented with what was granted them by the bill ; but the fact was , the right hon . gent . mistook human nature , substituted for it a casuistical argument , and then debased human nature to make it subservient to his own casuistry . The right hon . gent . had talked of the Roman Catholics wanting to establish high ranks in the orders of their religion , and to have magnificent bishops . How they were to do this he could not tell , unless they were to get the French to make Irish bishops rich , who had already made French bishops poor . The right hon . gent . and others had said , that the Roman Catholics in Ireland were dissatisfied . As to that , he would not deny that they might be so at particular periods of time . He had known them to be sometimes satisfied , and sometimes the contrary . They where satisfied , he said , when the administration was such as pursued a system of lenity , and did not harass them with disabilities ; they were dissatisfied when a contrary conduct was observed towards them . In 1793 , they were highly satisfied with what was done in their behalf . He would not say they were so at another period , when they had been 322 persecuted for no greater offence than the great and mighty crime of presenting a petition . There was an instance on record , where two men in the county of Wexford were , for the crime of presenting a petition , indicted and brought to trial ; and when the witnesses came to be heard against them , the judge declared from the bench that every one of them ought to be prosecuted . If they were to