noble friend , late at the head of his majesty 's councils , on that subject . But , if he were disposed to retaliate on this point , he might appeal to the duke of Portland , and claim his aid against lord Grenville . He was not disposed , however , to do so ; he was content with the situation in which those noble lords stood in this matter . But there really was no inconsistency whatever in his noble friend on this occasion . In 1784 , he might think that there was no occasion to advise his majesty ; but at present having no confidence in ministers , he might consider it proper and seasonable for parliament to advise his majesty . But surely in every respect things were now different from what they were in 1784 , when parliament was dissolved . Yet now it was unconstitutionally threatened that parliament should be dissolved if it would not support ministers . In 1784 , we were at peace ; now we were engaged in a most difficult and dangerous war . Then , Mr. Pitt had recently come forward in public life , supported by the immense reputation of his father , and himself affording the highest promise to many . Now , the duke of Portland was at the head of administration , and in all respects different . It would be cruel to push the comparison . But could the present administration , composed of such materials , expect to make any impression on the country by affecting the love , and following the example of Mr. Pitt ? It was a degradation of parliament ; it was a degradation of the country to suppose it . Often it had been remarked that breaches in free governments were made by men of splendid talents , and that they had paved the way for followers of the lowest character . Cæesar made way for Catiline and the duke of Portland imitated Mr. Pitt in establishing himself in power against the constitution . But if any thing could more thoroughly paint the ill effects of the success of Mr. Pitt in 1784 , it would be the attempts now made to imitate him , and no small evil of that success would be , the country being brought to endure the present proceedings . But it was madness in the new ministers , the dregs , the lees , the rincings of all former administrations , to think that they could excite that fervour , 417 or kindle that enthusiasm , which supported Mr. Pitt . If they attempted to procure addresses filled with the bigotry which some of them seemed to indulge , and that religious animosity they were so eager to excite , they would only be throwing a slur on Mr. Pitt , and stigmatising those opinions which he entertained . As to the late administration , he would say no more than was necessary to defend them against the reflections cast on them . He took a view of their economical regulations , their plans for auditing the public accounts , their military system , and various other points , and concluded with observing , that it was one of the evils of the new administration that they united no great portion of the people , or considerable interests in their favour , while they came into power with a pledge against four millions of their fellow subjects . contended that the pledge had only been demanded in consequence of the previous pledges that had been required of his majesty by the ministers . The late ministers had given a great many promises , but had done very little . They had done nothing of any consequence , either with respect to our army , our navy , our finances , or any thing else . He maintained that the system acted upon by himself and his colleagues , on all occasions , with respect to Ireland , had been one of conciliation and mercy . The late ministry , though they united `` All the Talents '' of the country