and prosperous , unfettered by that eternal restriction which this bill will impose . A hurricane , and consequent famine , carried off , in Jamaica alone , 15,000 black inhabitants . Epidemics have occasionally prevailed , that have proved nearly as fatal ; and , independantly of such accidents , there exists the inequality of sexes , bearing more or less hardly on individuals , and the impe- 122 diments which a laborious manufacture always opposes to population . The house has heard the result of the experience of an hon . gent . near me ( Mr. Barham ) , whose humane endeavours to support his own numbers have hitherto proved ineffectual . My hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) , who spoke so ably on this question a few nights ago— so ably , that this house must wish that he would more frequently take part in its debates—and whose conviction on the subject I pretend not to say results from any partial view of the case , alluded to an estate which did support its numbers : that estate , sir , is most favourably circumstanced ; it is insulated among the high lands of that district where it is placed , and the negroes can not , without the utmost difficulty , indulge that rambling propensity which they bring with them from Africa , where polygamy is the law of the land . I could tell my hon . friend , that those who have constantly had the care and superintendance of that estate , have had also the care of others in the neighbourhood , to which they have extended exactly the same humane management ; and that in no other instance have they found it possible to maintain the numbers without purchase—I am enabled to state a case of peculiar hardship , in respect to an estate called Dean 's Valley , in the parish of Westmoreland , Jamaica , which , from 329 negroes which it possessed in the year 1783 , ill assorted as to sex , has sustained a gradual decay of its numbers , until , by the last return in the year 1806 , the numbers were reduced to 166 . This estate , for upwards of 20 years past , has been in a trust under will of the proprietor , who died in 1783 ; . and the trustees have not been at liberty to purchase a negro . As to the treatment of the negroes in this interval , those who know any thing of that island will rest satisfied , that there has been nothing wanting in humanity or provident care , when I state , that Mr. Mure has had the management of it , having , at the same time , the charge of Mr. Dehany 's estates in that neigbourhood , where the numbers have been maintained , and the condition of the negroes generally cited as among the happiest in Jamaica . Sir , other cases of hardship may be stated , if necessary—cases of minors and lessors of estates , who will take back their properties wholly or nearly destitute of labourers , and consequently incapable of being profitably cultivated , and to whom , even in the long interval in which this question has been under agitation , there has not been the power 123 or the ability to provide against the ruin which now awaits them . It has been said , you have had warning . Why have you not imported females and young people ? As to the warning , sir , there was not till last year any concurrent decision of the two houses of parliament on this question : and as to the preferable importation of females , has that been at the discretion of the planter ? An hon . and learned gent. , ( the Solicitor General ) , whose speech made a deep impression on the house , willing to prove that slavery prevailed in Africa in exact proportion with the demand for slaves , and that crimes were invented and forged whenever convicts were wanted , told you