his right hon . friend . He had examined the evidence with the utmost attention , and thought the case perfectly clear . But this was not the time to enter into the evidence . The committee appointed by the house had come to a decision , and the house were now to determine whether their resolution should be adopted . They were not calling for a victim , and it was material to come to a decision , for if it was not come to now , it would not come to it at all . What would the country think , should the house blink the present question , and say , in effect , that the offending member shall not be punished ? had read the report with attention , and thought the resolution of the committee well warranted by facts . He conceived the house were in the situation of a grand jury , and fully warranted by the evidence to send the matter to a special jury in a court of justice , where it would be tried with perfect impartiality . did not think the discussion ought to be deferred . thought that there were grounds for putting the hon . member on his trial , though the opinion of this house was not binding in any other court.—The previous question was then put and negatived.—A discussion then arose on the original question . thought the resolution was not founded on evidence sufficiently clear . He observed that there had been corrupt practices , but he did not think that actual bribery had been proved . He drew a distinction between agreeing to bribe , which he thought had been proved , and actual bribery which he thought had not been proved . In support of this opinion , he commented at considerable length on the evidence in the report of the committee . argued also at considerable length from the evidence , from which he drew an opposite conclusion , and considered that bribery had been made out . repeated his former arguments , and added , that giving the pound notes instead of a dinner could not be considered as bribery . declared , that he never heard of such an agreement , at the time he joined his interest with sir Christopher , and if he had believed that there was such an agreement , he would not have joined him . He would state for himself , and for 162 freemen of Penryn , who voted for him , that they knew of no such agreement , and if they had , they would not have given sir Christopher their independent votes . [ A laugh . ] He knew the town of Penryn well : they had never asked from him even a single solitary shilling , and he knew they were not corrupt . [ A laugh . ] As for the business of the one pound notes , it was this : he had always considered it necessary to follow an old custom , which , perhaps , would be `` more honoured in the breach than in the observance , '' of shewing some attention to his constituents . Instead , however , of opening public houses , he found that it was less expensive to distribute small sums of 5 or 10s . a man . When a compromise was made between his friends and those of sir Christopher , it was thought right that sir Christopher should give a dinner ; but afterwards , the one pound notes were substituted in the place of a dinner , and were certainly only meant as a mark of attention , and by no means as a bribe , as no opposition was expected in the borough , nor was there 514 a probability of an election soon taking place . thought the house must feel , that after the report of their select committee , they were bound to take some proceedings on it , and order a prosecution . It did appear to him , that there was upon the face of the report sufficient