that these salutary measures were to be abandoned ? If they were conciliating , if they tended to secure the peace and tranquillity of that country , that would be of itself a sufficient inducement to the present administration to walk in the same path . Some political prophecies had been uttered in the course of the evening . To such predictions he paid but little attention . He generally found , that those who pronounced them , meant 308 to act upon them , and that , having contributed to bring about the very evil which they affected to deprecate , they then came forward and claimed merit for their political foresight . The real question before the house was , whether the sovereign was or was not to be supported in the fair exercise of his prerogative , against an aristocracy which had the presumption to endeavour to dictate to him ? No one would be happier than himself to see all religious and political animosities subside ; but he would not , by rash and inconsiderate speculations , hazard the edifice of the constitution . He would wish to amalgamate and identify with each other the different nations of which the empire was composed , but he would not compromise the safety of the most important part of it . declared , that he was not disposed to pay any fulsome compliment to his majesty 's late ministers ; but he sincerely thought , that , for their manly , firm , and independent conduct , relative to the pledge that had been demanded of them , they were entitled to the thanks not only of that house , but of every independent Englishman , who had the least spark of British freedom in his breast ; as they had , as far as was in their power , maintained , unimpaired , a great principle in the constitution of Great Britain , namely , that the ministers of an English monarch being responsible to parliament , should not , upon any account whatever , or at any risk , agree to refrain from giving their sovereign such advice , as in their opinion was most conducive to the interest of the empire , and the liberal character of the first magistrate of an independent people . They had most virtuously resolved , that they would not tie up their own hands from doing any act , or bind their consciences against giving such advice , as , in their judgment , any future circumstances might in justice demand of them to give . If the house were not to support them in such a free and manly line of conduct , they might expect , hereafter , to have ministers who would be subservient to the nod of any monarch ; parliament might hereafter be disgraced , by becoming the instrument of the most base and wicked ministers , and the sovereign , instead of having the honour and the strength of being the king of a free people , who lived in their hearts , might , in future times , become the absolute monarch of a slavish and enervated people , who would not have 309 spirit to defend their own rights , or maintain his honour . thought that the late uncalled-for change in the council of his majesty could not fail of making a deep impression onour allies , and of raising the expectation of our enemies , and this at a period when a firm reliance had been entertained on the assistance and the co-operation of Great Britain in the common cause ; for , could any one assert that either at home or abroad , the slightest confidence could exist in the permanence of the present administration . The right which the crown possessed of appointing ministers , was undoubted , but it was necessary that the ministers appointed by the crown should possess the confidence of both the aristocracy and the democracy of the country . To what extent might not the principle of restraining ministers from proposing any one measure go ? It might be productive of the