it . For , advisers in so critical a measure his majesty most undoubtedly had , whoever those advisers might be . It was an excellent maxim of the constitution , a sacred one in his eyes , which made the person of the sovereign inviolable ; and which , by pronouncing he could do no wrong , rescued him from all responsibility for any public measure . That maxim he was confident their lordships would maintain , and upon it he would rest the necessity of adopting the motion , at least in part , which he should have the honour of concluding with . He trusted that nothing he should offer would be construed into personal disrespect to his majesty ; of that he was incapable from principles of duty , as well as from inclination and gratitude ; but his anxiety for the 352 safety of the state , and for the prosperity of the country , made him solicitous to see a more able and comprehensive administration . He would not impute to any noble lord the circulation of the misrepresentation that had gone through the country respecting the conduct of the late administration , and the actions that influenced their dismission from office ; but it was with sorrow , and indeed with some indignation he observed , that many of these misrepresentations had a tendency to stir up religious animosities and disunite several descriptions of his majesty 's subjects without any adequate cause whatever , and much to the danger and detriment of the general welfare . He next earnestly deprecated all such pernicious attempts , which could never be ventured on without hazarding the most perilous consequences to the country . Various causes had been assigned for the sudden change that has occurred in the administration , but not one of them was , in his mind , sufficient to justify those who had advised the removal of so much integrity and talent from office . He therefore felt himself justified in submitting the following motion to their lordships : `` That this house , feeling the necessity of a firm and stable government in this most important crisis of public affairs , is impressed with the deepest regret at the change which has lately taken place in his majesty 's councils , and that this regret is greatly increased by the causes to which the change has been ascribed ; it being the opinion of this house , that it is contrary to the first duties of the responsible ministers of the king to restrain themselves by any pledge , expressed or implied , from submitting to his majesty faithfully and truly , any advice , which in their judgement , the course of circumstances may render necessary for the honour of his majesty 's crown , and the welfare of his dominions . '' in reply to the noble marquis . The question now started appeared to him to involve a very serious inconvenience , inasmuch as it intimately connected itself with the personal conduct of the sovereign . That was unavoidable , however studious noble lords might be to avoid it . For though it appeared a general and abstract proposition , it was calculated , at the same time , to serve as a justification of the conduct of the late ministers ; and by justifying them , to insinuate blame in some other quarter . He could not but 353 consider the question as embracing two parties ; the late administration , and the prerogative of the crown . It went to exculpate ministers : it could not go to exculpate the crown , to which no blame could attach . Indeed , it was very difficult , from the insulated manner in which the question was brought forward , nay it was impossible , to discuss it without recurring to other circumstances , which it did not purport to comprehend . When the late ministers consented to withdraw a bill which they deemed to be indispensably necessary to the safety of the country , they hinted that , in future , they might be under the necessity