which affected him beyond expression . By their conduct it appeared as if the house were ready to recognize a principle which would vest in the crown a power clearly unconstitutional because not responsible ; a power which differed in nothing from that assumed by the Stuarts , and against which our ancestors had so strenuously and so successfully contended . Not hoping , however , that he could influence the house to change their determination on this subject , he must satisfy himself with submitting to them a resolution which had no direct application to the royal prerogative , and to which he could not but think that the house must accede , when he considered the majorities by which the measures of the late ministers had been supported . The country had seen the sudden and unexpected removal from power , of ministers apparently possessing the full confidence of the house and of the country , and carrying on the affairs of state as prosperously as the situation of Europe would admit . It would be worth while to enquire what was the actual state of Europe , and how far it was of consequence that the affairs of this country should be well conducted . Had the state of Europe been so altered within these few months , had the security of this country become so well established , that we could with safety entrust the administration of it to any set of men whatever ? or rather , was it not expedient that an humble and dutiful , but firm remonstrance , should be carried up to the throne against the removal of men , who , in the present circumstances , were the best qualified to hold the helm of state ? The ministers whom it had pleased his majesty , or , as our ancestors used to say , whom his majesty had been advised to remove , during the short period of their remaining in office , had done every thing in their power to call forth the energies of the people , and to unite all hands and hearts in the service of the country . Their conduct , considered in every point of view , entitled them to the public esteem and gratitude . In the financial department of the state , one which required such 434 careful management , they not only conducted themselves with economy and discretion , but supported and carried into effect the appointment of a committee of finance , first suggested by an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Biddulph ) , the only apparent means of probing the wounds of the country , and ascertaining the remedy which it would be necessary to apply . In their offer to negotiate with France , while they evinced a spirit of conciliation , they avoided every thing that could be deemed derogatory from the character of this country , and withdrew their ambassador the moment that a continuance in the negociation became inconsistent with the national honour . With regard to the army , they adopted a system conformable to human nature ; they had introduced the plan of limited service , which rendered the army more attractive , and which had the tendency to augment its numbers while it exalted its character ; nor did they appear at any time disposed to reject any suggestion for amelioration , from whatever quarter it came . As to their successors , we had seen but little of them ; but that little was not much to their credit . In some instances their conduct had already been highly censurable . They had called their sovereign to the bar of the house to be arraigned , and then skulked behind the throne , and interposed the royal robe between themselves and merited reproof . He was as loyal as any of them ; but by loyalty , he understood allegiance to the state and the constitution , which taught him not to compromise the person of the sovereign , whereas the tendency of their arguments was to render the sovereign himself responsible . He thought , then ,