the measure lately proposed . I 526 say farther , that the system of finance which I suspect to be about to be adopted by his majesty 's present ministers , but , above all , the clamour which is about to be introduced into this country on the subject I have alluded to , may , if not repressed , lead to the miseries which we have witnessed in France . observed , that he had never known an instance where the terms agreed to by a chancellor of the exchequer , in his private room , were held to be binding on parliament and the king . informed the noble lord that resolutions had been passed by the house of commons previous to the negotiation of the loan . still maintained that there did not exist sufficient ground for him to alter his opinion on the subject . Was not the faith of the public pledged for 20 years ? The great and comprehensive mind of his noble friend , might enable him to have a view of things which were not cognizable to persons who possessed a more moderate share of understanding ; but , from all the details of the circumstances relative to the loan , and from the application of the war taxes , it appeared clearly to him , that the measure was too extensive in its nature and effects , to be considered binding on parliament . According to this plan the sinking fund would be lowered , when other funds were raised by the general prosperity of the country . He insisted that it was imprudent to state what we should do at a time when it was impossible for us now to ascertain what contingencies might possibly arise . maintained that every possible care was taken to provide against every contingency . The public faith , in fact , was more than kept with the public creditor , whilst , at the same time , the plan was such that it secured the public , as far as any general and comprehensive system possibly could do , on the different changes in the price of the funds . said , that although he felt serious objections to this financial measure , yet he should not object to the bill 's going through parliament for the present year , trusting that it would still remain open to the future and deliberate examination of parliament , and that the opinions which other persons might be inclined to offer on the subject , would meet with due attention . From the collision of such sentiments , he trusted that they would be better able to form an opinion as to the measures most proper to be adopted . He denied that there 527 was any breach of faith with the public creditor , although the duties upon exports and imports , and upon tonnage , were excluded from those war taxes mortgaged for 20 years . The most that could be advanced was , that the contractor had a diminished security , but that remaining security was amply sufficient . He also denied , that the faith of parliament was , in any measure , pledged to abide at all events by any proposal entered into between the chancellor of the exchequer , and the contractors of the loan , so as to preclude all examination and discussion in that house of parliament . He considered that it was , in itself , a step , rash and improvident , that the duties upon tonnage , and upon exports and imports , should be mortgaged and pledged to the loan contractors . The duty upon tonnage , in particular , was originally and professedly imposed by the late Mr. Pitt , as a mere temporary war tax , in order to pay for the expenses of convoys . The ship-owners had therefore felt themselves aggrieved , when they found this war tax was to be continued after the conclusion of peace . For his own part , he approved of the system of our navigation laws , to which we were indebted for much