the Irish people to have surrendered their domestic legislature . When , therefore , the chancellor of the exchequer sounds the alarm of the church in danger , when he sends forth , amidst the people , apprehensions calculated to excite religious rancour and fanatic fury , his associates should hold his hands , and , for their own consistency , repress him . They are bound to say , `` We must resign our situations in a government which is founded on the basis of intolerance ; we must abjure a system which goes to create religious dissension , and fixes its power on dividing and inflaming all classes of the people . We will not suffer ourselves to be compromised . '' This language it is their duty to hold , because , however unable to perform their pledges to the Catholics , they should not forward that system , which ties up their own hands ; and which , under the pretext of religion , goes at once to pull down that fabric which protects both church and state . said he was a friend to the suppression of abuses , whether in Ireland or in England , and for suppressing abuses he was ready to give his thanks to the hon . 461 baronet , and his assistance in the prosecution of that object . He never had been a friend to the union with Ireland , and had , at the time the question was first agitated , publicly expressed his disapprobation of the measure . He thought the time was not yet come for so great a work , and that it could not be effected advantageously if it did not settle that very question about winch so much discussion had since arisen . Though the Union was managed by as great a man as ever sat in that house , yet he , with all his talents , was unable to carry the business in the manner necessary , and was compelled to desert the only proper course in which it could have been advantageously effected . Mr. Pitt therefore was obliged to leave the Catholic question unsettled . He regretted the present motion , because it brought this subject so much into discussion , and had forced the sovereign personally so much before the house and the public . He thought it hard that the new ministers should be accused as they had been of bringing the sovereign to the bar of the house , for after the statement of the noble lord ( Howick ) , however respectful and decorous , it was impossible that those who were acquainted with the sentiments and feelings of the party whom the noble lord 's statement involved , could abstain from giving , not contradictions of facts , but such views of the transaction as had been taken by that other party . He recollected nothing like such a statement respecting transactions in the king 's cabinet having ever been made , and he lamented it should have been given . Much had been said about the pledge demanded ; but whether that pledge was unconstitutional or not , was of little consequence , for it could not be denied that the king had the right to dismiss his ministers , and to choose others absolutely . As far as appeared , the demand of a pledge was done without any advice , and though it had been contended that the king could do nothing without advice , he could not concur in that doctrine , for then the constitution would reduce the king to something which never had existed , and never could exist . indeed , if there ever could be a case in which the king might , and must be supposed to act without advice , it was that in which , having differed with one set of ministers , he employed some person to form a new one . He could not see , therefore , on what grounds the new ministers appointed by the king , in such circumstances , could be considered 462 unconstitutionally formed . With