account is deserving of credit , the charge is fully , distinctly , and pointedly proved . It is proved in terms , in the very terms of the petition ; you have heard those 8 persons actually substantiate the charge against all the individuals who are the subjects of it ; they have distinctly told you , that in the early part ; of the month of Jan. , and particularly in the beginning of Feb. , after these witnesses and different persons had been served with a speaker 's warrant to give their attendance on the 24th of Feb. , Mr. Burgess , who was the solicitor of the sitting member , his agent and manager , proved to be such , and em- 28 ployed by him throughout the whole business—Mr . Burgess , who had actually employed a gentleman of the name of Wallis under him , and another person of the name of Gallant , three persons , one employed by the sitting member , and the two others employed by Mr. Burgess in the election business , and paid by him for what they did upon the subject of it , they are all three of them proved by these witnesses , six in number , to have been actually employed.—Mr . Burgess in his own person , and also Wallis and Gallant in aid of each other in applying to these witnesses , whom they knew to be at that time served with a speaker 's warrant to attend upon the committee , they having express notice of that , and therefore being bound in all fairness , and according to all practice , to abstain from any personal conference or examination of any of them , have proceeded actually to take down their testimony , to get an account of the evidence they were hereafter to give , and knowing perfectly well the nature of that testimony , and how fatal it would be to the cause in which they were engaged , have addressed to these several witnesses topics of argument and propositions , for the purpose of inducing them to withhold that testimony , that they did distinctly inform them of the intention to postpone the hearing of the petition ; that it was the intention to apply for that purpose , and that when that application should have been made with success , the consequence would be to leave no longer in force the several warrants with which they had been served—that one of them in particular , Mr. Wallis , possessed himself actually , of the speaker 's warrant , got it into his own possession , and represented to several of the witnesses , how truly , how justly , and how properly those whom I have the honour to address , know , without my particularly dwelling on that part of the case , but represented to them , that they were no longer under obligation to attend the future trial of the petition , but might in future absent themselves and keep out of the way , offering money for that purpose , inducements to them severally to keep out of the way , to prevent their being forthcoming at the time of the trial of the petition.—Questions were put to the witnesses , `` for what purpose were you to keep out of the way ? Were you conscious of any crime you had committed ; of any wrong you had done , that should induce you to absent yourself ? '' No ! Was that the cause of their being desired to keep out of the way , to protect 29 themselves , or to guard against the detection of any crime committed by themselves ? —Read the evidence : —the testimony they have given is , that their evidence has been taken down ; that it was discovered that they could detect what had been done during the election ; the fictitious votes which had been given ; the bribery and corruption which had been committed ; the instances in which persons had been induced to give repeated votes at the election