unconstitutional attack on the most important prerogatives of the crown , to deprive it of all power and means of rewarding great public services , by taking the best places and gifts that it was in the power of the crown to bestow , before any of those services had been performed . He thought that the crown ought not to have been advised to limit its powers and prerogatives in this manner . Upon the subject of the alienation of crown lands , it had been always observed , that in whatever proportion the crown gave away to individuals its possessions and its right , in that proportion it became weaker , and it was the same with respect to lucrative offices . If they were all given away directly or in reversion to one set of Ministers , the crown left itself without that patronage and power of rewarding great Services , which it ought to possess . A recent and very remarkable case had occurred Some years ago in corroboration of this opinion . On an arrangement that Was then proposed , this very place was offered to lord Sidmouth , who had rendered considerable service during his long and meritorious discharge of his duties as Speaker . Lord Sidmouth declined it , and said he could not bring himself to be the instrument of alienating from the crown the means of rewarding greater public services than he had as yet been able to perform . It was not as a testimony in favour of lord Sidmouth that he mentioned this , for the noble lord required no such testimony of his disinterested conduct ; but he mentioned it merely for the information of those members who were not previously acquainted with the circumstance . The principle upon which lord Sidmouth refused it applied with much greater strength to the present case ; besides , it was known , that there was a committee of the house now constituted , for the express purpose of considering what useless and sinecure offices might be abolished ; and as it was possible that the com 203 mittee might consider this to be among the number , he thought that it should not be thus disposed of , in a manner contrary to all usage , before the opinion of the committee was pronounced upon it . could not help expressing his surprise at the manner in which this motion was supported , and his astonishment at the hon . and learned quarter whence it originated . When he recollected that the hon . and learned gent . who brought forward the motion was acquainted with the talents , integrity , and disinterestedness of his right hon . friend— ( Here there was a continued cry of hear ! hear ! mixed with laughter ) —A more honourable , a more liberal , a more independent , and a more disinterested character never existed— ( hear ! hear ! ) —He would go farther , and say , that if his right hon . and learned friend accepted of both places , he would make a large sacrifice by abandoning his professional pursuits in return . He should like to know , then , whence arose the surprise of hon . gentlemen opposite , when the word disinterestedness was mentioned ? It could be from personal motives only . He was surprised that the noble lord who had lately left his majesty 's councils , should throw any embarrassment in the way of the new administration , when that embarrassment tended to impede the usual exercise of the prerogative of the crown . The value of the chancellorship of the duchy of Lancaster did not exceed 2000l . per annum ; and was this too large an equivalent for the fruits of his right hon . friend 's professional exertions ? He further contended , that the grant of the place in question for life was an usual grant ( hear ! hear ! from the opposition ) . Well , if it was not an usual grant , he was at least warranted in saying , that it was