, that the return of peace would be the proper period , in which that subject should be taken into consideration to enter his protest against the plan of the noble lord , and particularly that part of it which made the income or property tax permanent . He had received a number of letters on the subject of the income tax , and he thought that— chairman of the committee , here interrupted the hon . baronet , and told him that the property tax was not mortgaged by the present bill , and had nothing to do with it . said , that if the hon . baronet would keep his speech for 3 or 4 years , it might possibly then apply to some question relating to the property tax . said , that he had no ambition to make a speech upon the subject in three or four years . However , as he now found that the property tax was not mortgaged at present , and that the loan was to be secured on the war duties on customs and excise , he felt that he could not then offer his objections to the property tax . objected to the principle which had been proposed by the chancellor of the exchequer , of throwing generally upon the consolidated fund a loan which had been contracted for on a different security . He thought that this was not only contrary to all precedent , but to that good faith which parliament owed to the public creditor . did not think the principle so very objectionable . By the present plan , the excesses of the consolidated fund were to be applied in a manner different from their original destination , which might as well be called a breach of faith . It appeared to him that it would be giving to the public creditor an additional security . said , that the principle of the right hon . gent . was merely that the war taxes should be security for the interest of the loan , and that after the peace that security was no longer to be continued . There never was before an instance of any loan being secured merely on the future excesses of the consolidated fund . It had happened at different times last war , that there was no surplus , and that was a case which might again occur . Sometimes there was an actual deficiency , and in that case this would provide no security at all for the loan of the present year . He could not conceive any objection to letting the thing stand as it did at present , at least as far as regarded the loan of this year . would have no objection to extend the period to twelve months , after peace , instead of six ; in which case parliament must meet , and would have time to decide finally on the subject . He thought nothing could be more objectionable than the principle of the present plan , which went to pledge the house to continue 9½ millions of taxes as a security for 12 millions of money . The surplus of the consolidated fund was now 3½ millions , and he thought that was a very abundant security . It certainly would be possible to avoid the pledging the whole of the war taxes , by making permanent some of the least objectionable of them . again protested against looking to a supposed future excess of the consolidated fund as a security . It would be entirely departing from all the principles of finance which had been established in this country . The fact now stood thus : the original bargain with the contractors for the loan was , that it was to be secured on those 430 taxes , and in consequence of that bargain , the ministers received their money , and had it now in their pockets . It was , then , too much now to say , that we would neither give them that security for which they bargained , nor any other security ,