, of whom he had not the least knowledge ; but was a petition complaining of a grievance which was alleged to exist , and praying for relief : he therefore thought it his duty to present it to the house . The petition being read at the table , appeared to state a number of loyal actions performed by the petitioner in Ireland , which brought on the total ruin of his 496 family , and involved himself in the greatet difficulty . It therefore prayed the interposition of that honourable house in his behalf . Mr. Stewart bore testimony to the loyal exertions of this gentleman in Ireland during the late troublesome times . Mr. Wickham expressed himself confident that when the subject should be investigated , the earl of Hardtwicke would be found free from blame . The petition was then ordered to lie on the table . said , he thought it his duty to call the attention of the house to the late dreadful mutiny at Vellore ; a mutiny , he had every reason to think , had been occasioned by an ill-timed military measure , tending to violate some of the customs of the natives . He wished to put a question to a right hon . gent . opposite , as president of the board of controul , and , according to the answer he should receive , he should , perhaps , think it his duty to found a motion upon this subject , he wished to know whether , in consequence of the accounts received from Madras , any steps had been taken , either to remove those persons who were so obnoxious to the natives , or to attempt to conciliate those who were so much irritated ? as president of the board of controul , answered , that he could assure the hon . gent. , that the subject to which he alluded had been matter of serious consideration with the board of controul . Previous to the appointment of the present board , the court of directors did make a resolution as to the changes that were to take place in the Madras establishment . With regard to the causes of that unfortunate mutiny , he could only say , that during the very few days since the present board had been appointed , it was impossible that they could have made up their minds , or that they could ascertain that any dissatisfaction did actually still exist . The board having been so employed , no delay would take plate in adopting whatever steps might be judged necessary . said , that , as the question was one which deserved the most serious consideration , he should think it would be advisable to delay adopting any measures , till the arrival of an officer , whom he knew to be upon his passage from India to this country . The officer he alluded to was sir John Craddock , who , from his situation at Madras , had had an opportunity of investigating the whole affair ; and who , therefore , would be able to state the particulars with 497 more accuracy than could be done in any written dispatches . in rising to make a motion on this subject , observed , that the papers on the table would shew the necessity of parliamentary interference , by larger and more liberal grants for the relief of the protestant church in Ireland . In 1803 , he had laid on the table of the house a paper for the purpose of rousing their attention to this subject . Two bills were subsequently passed ; one for the loan , without interest , of a large sum from the Board of First Fruits ; the other for the advance of £50,000 by the lord lieutenant . On these bills , however , no steps had been taken . Entering into a comparative statement of the population of the two countries , he asserted , that the population of Ireland was half that of South Britain ; but that the number of parishes in South Britain exceeded