gone through some of its stages . observed , that when each bill came on , gentlemen would have an opportunity of urging what they should think necessary.—The proposition of Mr. Wilberforce was at length agreed to . Mr. Whitbread presented his four bills . The house resumed , and the whole were reported . thought the noble baron fully competent to decide , both on the manner and the matter of examining the Scotch Judges . With respect to the inconsistency and want of fairness attributed to those who supported the proposed amendments , he should only for himself say , that he never pledged himself to any further support , than a bare admission , that some alteration was necessary in the manner of administering civil justice in Scotland . Whether the present bill was rejected or not , he was not prepared to say what line of conduct he would pursue ; whether , in the first case , he would propose any new measure ; but he would certainly , if the house went into a committee , follow up his own opinion , by proposing and supporting such amendments , as to him appeared correct and advantageous . would not desert his duty and opinions , although other noble lords were careless in the performance of the one , and the recollection of the other . Whatever might be the fate of the bill which he had the honour to propose , he would continue to support its principle and provisions ; and he trusted , for the credit of the house , that it would not suffer a measure to drop , to which , scarce a month ago , it gave the most unanimous support . denied that the proposal for dividing the court of session into two chambers , instead of three , as originally proposed , was any violation of the principle of the bill , and therefore was a just and correct object for amendment . contended that the amend- 495 ment , as proposed by the noble baron , was complete alteration of the principle of the bill , which , after such uncommon industry , his noble friend had submitted to the consideration of their lordships . took a survey of the different opinions expressed respecting the merits of the bill , and contended that not only a majority , but that of the best informed men in Scotland , had given it their approbation . in explanation , said , that he would propose a motion which might bring the matter to issue . It was now his intention to move ; that the committee be deferred till Thursday next , that their lordships might have time to make up their minds upon the subject , and that then he might take the sense of the house upon it , and afterwards , if necessary , move , that the committee be postponed for three weeks , for the purpose of allowing time to prepare another bill . suggested the propriety of discharging the order for the attendance of the Scotch judges . took up the suggestion and gave notice that on Thursday next he should move , that the order for the attendance of the Scotch judges be discharged . was exceedingly surprised at this motion ; and asked , if it was thought necessary to move for the attendance of the Scotch judges , upon a bill , the whole of which had been submitted for a full year to all those persons in Scotland who were most competent to form an opinion of its merits , how much more so must it not be necessary to have the opinion of the Scotch judges upon a bill , of the nature of which nothing at all had as yet transpired ? —The proposition of the lord chancellor was then agreed to : the house resolved itself into a committee , pro forma , and it was next ordered that the committee do sit again on Thursday . presented a petition from W. C. Lindsey , esq . of the county of Tyrone , in Ireland