whose favour they had decided , it was noticed in the resolutions of last session , but he had seen no proposition upon that subject which was not liable to many objections . He objected strongly to giving an arbitrary discretion to courts upon this point . He had heard the noble lord with great surprise upon the subject of juries , and he was utterly astonished that an Englishman should , in an English house of parliament , declaim against trial by jury . in explanation , said that he had not argued against the establishment of juries , but as to the principle of unanimity . resumed , and again expressed his astonishment that the noble lord should object to that which the experience of ages had sanctioned in this country , and proved to be highly beneficial . He was not surprised , however , that to the minds to whose consideration this measure now devolved , and with the advice now likely to be taken upon the subject , that the difficulties in the way of the establishment of trial by jury , in civil cases in Scotland , should appear so insuperable . He thought a most extraordinary principle had been advanced by the noble lord , as the foundation of his opinions upon this subject ; for it amounted to this , that in remedying a great evil we should not look to any enlarged theory , but should do as little as possible . He contended that it still remained for the noble lord to state his reasons for the alteration he proposed . coincided in opinion with his noble friend , as to the division of the court of session into two chambers , because he did conceive it would fully answer the object required . With respect to the number of Scotch appeals presented to that house , he conceived the best remedy to consist in affixing large costs to those which were presented on improper and untenable grounds . The house was aware that until such a remedy was adopted , it would be impossible to check an evil which was supported by the parties who , brought forward those appeals , as well by the profit arising from the interest of money , as the benefit of possession . He fully coincided in the opinion with the late lord Mansfield , that it 487 was impossible to introduce the trial by jury into Scotland , generally . supported , the principle of the bill in all its branches , and thought it exceedingly strange , that the introduction of trial by jury , generally , into Scotland , should be matter of such extreme apprehension and caution , particularly as it was already partially known and valued in that country , as the source of all the blessings of liberty enjoyed in this . He observed an illustrious personage , on the other side of the house ( the duke of Cumberland ) smile , and he must be bold to tell him such a smile was inconsistent with the decorum with which that house was in the habit of hearing every noble lord express his sentiments ; but it was particularly indecorous and indecent in that illustrious personage to smile at a panegyric upon the trial by jury . Trial by Jury was the means of placing the present family upon the throne of England , and trial by jury had preserved our most gracious sovereign , that illustrious person 's father , throughout his long and glorious reign . Trial by jury was the best security for the freedom of that house ; and he should never cease to feel and know , that Trial by Jury enabled him to address their lordships upon equal terms with the highest man among them . coincided in opinion with his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) that the bill in its present state would be a violation of the act of union , and totally unnecessary ; but if such a measure should be found necessary , he thought it first ought to undergo the investigation of