, not merely assurances , but practical proof , that , however they might resist further concessions , they were determined to execute in a liberal manner , the laws already enacted in their favour . Such a conduct , he was persuaded , would not only be more honourable , but of more advantage to the new ministers , and tend more to promote the stability of their power , than if they should go on to encourage religious animosity , and to excite apprehension in the public mind for the safety of the ecclesiastical establishment . By raising a cry of no popery ! , they might gain the assistance of a wild and fanatical mob , but would excite the disgust and reprobation of every honest and sensible man in the kingdom.—Lord Selkirk proceeded to state , that those who , in the present circumstances , do not approve of the avowed principles or former conduct of the newly appointed ministers , are by no means reduced to the alternative of joining with the determined partisans of the late ministers in a systematic opposition ; that there is an intermediate line of conduct more honourable , more constitutional , better in every respect ; that of giving an independent but qualified support to government so long only as their measures are reconcileable with the main and essential objects of national safety . In times like the present , a systematic opposition , maintained by so powerful a party , must tend to embarrass the operations of government , and to waste , in the struggle for power , that strength which ought to be directed against the common enemy . Such proceedings may be fit for those , whose interests are involved in the re-establishment of any particular individual at the head of administration : but those who are sensible of the imminent danger of our situation and whose primary object is that national safety in which our all is involved , will not be inclined to join the violent partisans of either side of the house . If a few persons of acknowledged character , would unite in an independent line of conduct , they must gain the confidence of the people ; though their numbers might at first be small , every thing they might say would carry weight , and even a small phalanx of such men might be able to repress ebullitions of a factious spirit , whether it should ap- 385 pear on the one side of the house or on the other . said , he thought the resolution proposed was much too vague and indefinite , and as such he should , before he sat down , make a motion for the purpose of getting rid of it without coming to any resolution on the subject . The latter part of it , he thought , was a kind of surprise on the house , and he was of opinion that none of it was called for by any circumstances which could induce the house to come to any resolution . It was in his mind a proposition which their lordships ought to entertain with much caution , as it related so very nearly and particularly to the personal conduct of the king . A pledge had been required from his majesty 's late ministers , respecting the bringing forward a particular question ; and it had been assumed that the present ministers had entered into some such pledge . He believed , however , from the declaration of the noble secretary of state below him , that no such pledge had been given by the present ministers . Indeed , there could be no occasion for asking it , for they had never shewn themselves favourable to the Catholic question . He was also adverse to the proposed resolution on another ground . He did not think it would be binding on the house . Their lordships would recollect , that in the reign of queen Elizabeth , that house came to a resolution , while at war with Spain , that the country should make no peace with