that he must disapprove of the manner in which it was understood that this prerogative was now about to be applied , and therefore he would support this motion . For the sake of the king 's own interest he would support this motion ; because he did not like the idea of his majesty 's giving away places for life . On the contrary , he would advise him to keep such places subject to his disposal , for those men who served him . He would recommend to the king to keep the key of the oat-chest himself , and not give it to others ; for he might rely upon it , that if he did not retain the power of serving those men , they would not serve him . It would be much better for his majesty that all places for life were converted into places during pleasure than to allow any increase of the former . This he said with a view to the king 's own interest ; for he regarded his majesty much , for his firm attachment to the constitution . He declared , that in his opinion the names of George the Third , Nelson , and William Pitt , ought to be engraven on the hearts of all Englishmen , for the noble services they had rendered to their country ; for having in fact been the saviours of our glorious constitution . As to the right honourable gentleman to whom this motion was understood particularly to refer , he declared that he could see no reasonable objection to him , compared with those who preceded him in the office to which he was said to be appointed , especially when he considered how young the man was who held that office in the late administration . had the honour , he said , to have been very long acquainted with the principles and character of the right honourable gentleman to whom this motion was understood more immediately to refer , and he sincerely believed him a man of the highest disinterestedness and public spirit . With this impression strongly upon his mind , his opinion must be , that that right honourable gentleman himself would have come forward to render this debate unnecessary , if it were not that , from the manner in which a notice of the motion had been given , the remarks which had been made the preceding night , and other circumstances , such a proceeding might ap 215 pear the effect of intimidation , than which nothing , he was persuaded , was less likely to have effect upon the mind of that right honourable gentleman . However , the motion was such as he could not hesitate to support . having had no opportunity of inquiring fully into the merits of the general proposition which this motion involved , could not think himself justified in voting for its adoption . There were , in his opinion , a variety of topics , which ought to be fully investigated before such a motion was acceded to . There were many places held for life which ought to be converted into places during pleasure , and , vice versa , there were also many places , the tenure of which ought to be left entirely to the discretion of his majesty , and of which nature the place to which this motion was understood to refer might be one ; the house surely would not venture to decide without any enquiry or deliberation whatever . If the case were determined in the very hasty manner proposed , he was rather afraid that the public would not give the house credit for acting dispassionately , in being actuated by the motives which the advocates professed to have in view ; for it would be very naturally asked , if such motives prevailed , why should a question of this nature be brought forward in a hurry ? When the honourable gentlemen who supported this motion reprobated the practice of granting for life such a place as it particularly alluded to , did they feel