as a refusal of consent , at least not as amounting to a retractation of the original consent ? No ! most certainly not a retractation of the original consent . His majesty has too just a value for his personal honour , and that of the crown , not to adhere most strictly to his word . But to what was this original consent given ? Was it not to the correction of the anomaly arising out of the bill of 1793 not having operation in the rest of the empire , and to that alone ? Had his majesty ever consented to this new measure ? Certainly not ; and of course it does not require much force of argument to prove , that no retractation of consent can take place where no consent has been given . His majesty had agreed to make the provisions of the act of 1723 common to the whole empire . To this he adheres ; but upon the new bill opening the command of armies and fleets to the Catholics , he pronounces his most decided disapprobation . By what rule the consent obtained to the original measure can be made to apply to the new one , which is so totally different , I can not conceive . It was reserved for the noble viscount to discover that disapprobation means consent , and that the expression of all commissions whatever , means certain commissions . For him it was reserved to assimilate things that till now were considered as so dissimilar , to approach almost to the character of synonymous , terms which till now have appeared so opposite . Well , sir , the noble viscount armed with this disap- 295 proving consent , brings this famous bill into the house : and his majesty , a few days afterwards , finding that , notwithstanding the pains he took to express his unequivocal disapprobation of the intended new measure , this disapprobation , by a most strained construction , had been taken to mean consent , is reduced to the disagreeable necessity of stating positively to his ministers , that if they do not cease to countenance this bill which goes to do away in so great an extent one of the leading fundamental principles of our Constitution , to which he never had consented , and never can consent , he will be under the painful necessity of desiring them to retire from his service.—The king , I am quite convinced , did not attempt upon this occasion , nor ever has he attempted on any other , to exert his influence over his ministers , in their individual capacity as members of parliament . His majesty has too accurate a knowledge of the British constitution , and is too faithful a guardian of it , to attempt any such thing . No , sir , he only said , you must either withdraw your countenance from the bill , or yourselves from your offices . The ministers upon this determine to withdraw the bill ; and here the matter might have rested . For , notwithstanding that the king had so much reason to be dissatisfied with the conduct of his ministers in bringing forward a measure of this nature , without his consent to it being most unequivocally obtained ; still , sir , the king was desirous of retaining them in office ; and here , I say , the matter might have rested . But no , sir ! the ministers propose their sovereign stipulations , which it was impossible for him constitutionally to consent to . Yes , sir ; I do insist upon it , and I will prove it by argument , that the sovereign of this empire could not consent to these stipulations , with a due regard to the principles of our constitution . That part of the stipulations , which went to reserving to ministers a right of giving generally such advice to his majesty as the circumstances of the empire might appear to them from time to time to justify and to demand , was quite unnecessary