—so was I ; and my support to it was under the faith of those sacred engagements which I now find the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) had never even in contemplation the least intention to fulfil . I did hope that the situation of Ireland would be committed to the consideration of the British parliament ; that its interests would be impartially consulted , its grievances redressed ; that , as it had surrendered itself to the protection of an imperial parliament , its affairs would be considered of imperial importance . Had I not been deluded with those hopes , and deceived by those expectations , I would have sooner suffered my right arm to be cut off , than to have willingly surrendered those rights and advantages , which Ireland , in its independent state , did certainly enjoy . In surrendering that independence , she made a great sacrifice ; but it is an unreasonable position to assume , that , because I voted for that measure , therefore am I to submit to the violation of every engagement , to the infraction of every pledge which accompanied it in its progress , and accelerated its execution . To Ireland , I say , it was a great sacrifice ; and let this country , for a moment , suppose itself in her place . Let it reflect on what was given up , and on the manner in which that surrender has been recompensed . I unfortunately have seen an indisposition in this house to attend to the concerns of Ireland . Be assured it is a mistaken policy ; for it is that component part of the British empire , which will press itself upon British consideration . It is , I say , that component part of the British empire , deprived of whose assistance and support , England would be reduced indeed . At present I will say no more , but revert to those changes which have so lately taken place in the councils of the crown . And here I can not refrain from expressing my decided conviction , that more than a common secret influence has been exerted to work upon the benignant feelings of a most gracious monarch . Upon those who have used this unconstitutional influence , no common risk of responsibility devolves . But that principle equally extends to the ministry who have succeeded to power , after the demand of the pledge , as it does to the secret advisers of the crown . They entered upon a vacancy created by the refu- 460 sal of their predecessors to give an unconstitutional pledge . And to accept office with such a knowledge , fully commits them to the responsibility of the measures which led to their accession . Will they say , they are not really or virtually bound by that pledge ? Will the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) venture to state in his place , that he is now at liberty to fulfil his repeated promises to the Catholics of Ireland ? Could the noble duke ( the duke of Portland ) say , he had not given this , as well as innumerable pledges to the Irish Catholics ? What would the house believe , and what mast the country suppose , when they are informed , that that noble duke had actually written two letters to two officers high in rank , of the Irish brigades , wherein he promises this measure for Ireland ; and assures them , that it was determined to open the whole of the military career to the Roman Catholics ? Thus we see promises made only to be broken ; and , when we call upon the government to fulfil its engagements with the people , we are answered with calumny , and assailed with intolerant virulence . But again repeat , that if those pledges had not been most solemnly made , not all the gold of Ireland , nor the gold of England , nor the borough compensation , nor the appointment of compensation commissioners , could have prevailed on