of the credit of originality ; but surely his noble friend was entitled to the praise of having promptly adopted the suggestion for the advantage of the public , indifferent from whom it might proceed . Would that honourable gentleman , who was himself a member of that committee . [ Here lord Henry Petty suggested to Mr. Sheridan , that the honourable member ( Mr. Johnstone ) was not a member of that committee ; Mr. Sheridan answered loudly , `` I am very glad of it , '' 210 which occasioned a considerable laugh ] . He would ask , then , of that honourable gentleman who was not a member of the committee , and might be therefore more impartial , whether the late ministers were not upon this ground particularly entitled to the acknowledgments of the country ? Did it appear that there had been any shuffling , or any ministerial balloting in the formation of that committee ; was there any obtrusion of minister 's friends ? He appealed to the chairman himself of that committee , to the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Biddulph ) with whom the motion that led to the creation of that committee had originated , if such practices had been resorted to . An allusion had been made to the increase of salary in the office of first lord of the admiralty . The salary was confessed to be shamefully low . A noble lord ( Melville ) whose conduct since had been the subject of such general animadversion , on the same appointment , received , in addition , a considerable salary , levied by the illegal interception of the revenue of Scotland , which salary the noble lord still held though deprived of his place , in virtue of which he originally held it . If , therefore , the charges brought by the honourable gentleman were not to be better founded than those he had already adduced , he ( Mr. Sheridan ) wished that the honourable gentleman would secure to himself the office of charger general against the late administration and all their friends.—He desired now to pay some attention to the speech of another hon . gentleman ( Mr. Montague ) who had been pleased to charge gentlemen on his side of the house with deriding his arguments , because they could not answer them ; the hon . gentleman might , however , have had the politeness to wait a little , and try whether they were able to answer him or not , before he made the assertion . The hon . member had saved them the necessity , by offering them no arguments to answer : and as to every thing else , he had so fully answered himself throughout his speech , that it would be superfluous to answer him any farther . Some comparisons had been made between the case now under discussion , and those of lord Ashburton and lord Lechmere ; and some comparisons had also been drawn between the characters and merits of those noble lords , and the right hon . gentleman now the subject of the debate . It was not his province to go into a scrntiny upon merits , and no man more highly esteemed 211 than he did the parliamentary talents of the right hon . gentleman ; and therefore he thought the advice to his majesty , Of placing hint on the opposite bench , was wisely given . He could not enter into a comparison of the number of briefs , fees , and motions which fell to the professional lot of the right hon . gentleman , and which he was to abandon for his new office . But he ( Mr. Sheridan ) , whose lot it was to Vindicate his majesty 's new ministers from the indiscreet zeal of some of their friends , must beg to observe , that they must be strange friends indeed who could advise the right hon . gentleman to give up his certain professional emoluments of 8 or 10,000l . a year , as alledged , to accept a place of