member had any objections to the principle of the bill , this was the proper time to state them . said , that , upon the first introduction of these bills , he had , in compliance with the hon . gent . 's injunction , forborne to enter into any discussion on the merits of the plan , understanding that it was first to go forth in the shape of a proposition to the country at large , and that time would be given to gentlemen throughout 539 the kingdom fully to consider and digest , the subject , before it was finally passed into law . He hoped still this would be the case ; for it was impossible that a measure , which required so much mature consideration , and so materially interested the country at large , could , on so short a notice as the house had received , be so fully communicated to the whole kingdom , as it could be in a printed form . He therefore hoped that this bill , and the others , would not now be pushed forward into the shape of a law ; but that , after such amendments as the committee should think proper to introduce , the bills should be printed , and time given till next session for gentlemen to turn the subject in their minds , to consult their constituents , and to come forward fully prepared to discuss the merits of the bills , and render them as complete as possible . was of the same opinion ; but although he thought the hon . member who brought forward this subject entitled to the thanks of the country , yet he had his doubts , whether educating the lower orders of the people , upon the principle laid down in this bill , would have the effect either of ameliorating their condition in the degree which seemed to be hoped , or of alleviating the burthens of the poor 's rates , by that means , within such a period as should in any degree convince the country of any benefit to be derived from a measure which , for a considerable time , must go to increase those burthens . The bill proposed , that the poor children of each parish should be entitled to two years education between the age of 7 and 14 : the consequences naturally would be , that the earlier part of this period would be chosen by the parents , as that in their children 's labour would be the least profitable to them . Now , the advantages to be derived to the minds and morals of children in that class of life , from two years of education at that early part of life , did not appear to him so very considerable as the hon . gent . professed to expect ; and to carry the system of education to the labouring poor still higher , would , he feared , tend rather to raise their minds above their lot in life , and by no means strengthen their attachments to those laborious pursuits , by which they were to earn a livelihood ; pursuits to which , at present , there existed ; throughout the poor of this country , a very strong reluctance . If , therefore , care was not taken to blend with their education early habits of industry , he feared that schooling would rather injure than serve them , in 540 the result . The subject of the Poor Laws had occupied , for a series of years , much of his own earnest attention ; and of all the plans that occurred to him on the subject of education , the most feasible was , that of establishing schools in the maritime counties of this kingdom , and to which parents from the interior parts might send their children . At those schools , in addition to other instruction , they might be initiated in a naval education , and practised in fishing . They might thus draw , from the surrounding ocean , a