house had heard from an honourable member ( Mr. Sharp ) . who had afforded such an evidence of talent , in this his first essay , as held out the most flattering promise of future eminence.—With regard to the assertion , that only one reversion had fallen in since the late administration came into power , he could assure the house , that this was a mistake , for there was a very considerable reversion which fell in in an island , and another indeed in an office over which he presided , which he did not think proper to dispose of . Now , surely the disposition made by the lord chancellor of a particular reversion in that noble lord 's gift could not be cited as an instance to contradict the assertion he advanced on a former evening relative to the general conduct of the late ministers upon the subject of reversions . The fact of the reversion alluded to in the lord chancellor 's gift was not classed by the report of the committee of finance in the list of public reversions , but was always considered as a private place , subject to the sole controul of the officer by whom it had in this instance been disposed of.—Adverting to the observation of an honourable gentleman on the other side ( Mr. Sturges Bourne ) that he ought not to bring forward on the following day the explanation of which he had given notice , in the absence of those who were acquainted with and competent to answer him upon the subject of that explanation , the noble lord stated , that he was glad those gentlemen were absent ; for , said he , it is one which I should hold it to be rather indeicate to canvass . I shall confine mself to a statement of the facts , which are so much misrepresented that I should feel it to be highly 219 improper to suffer such misrepresentations to be further circulated , and particularly so to leave such misrepresentations to operate during the holidays . To this resolution I am the more determined , and the necessity of an early explanation appears the more obvious , from a letter which was shewn me in a newspaper of this morning addressed to lord Grenville and myself . In this letter some extracts from the minutes of the council are inserted , which serve to shew that the writer had seen our minutes ; but he has so garbled them as to give a false colour to the whole transaction . I will appeal then , to the candour of those who hear me whether I should allow such misrepresentation to go unanswered ; whether by postponing the answer , I should suffer the misrepresentation to do mischief ; whether it be not more becoming in me to state here , it the proper constitutional place , the real circumstances of the case ; or , whether the honourable gentleman would have me condescend to answer the writer in a newspaper ? I shall upon this explanation trust to the candour of the house , and to the justice of my country , for the vindication of that line of conduct , which in concert with my colleagues , I have felt it my duty to pursue . in explanation , said , he had expressed some surprise that the noble lord should think of bringing forward his explanation in the absence of those who alone could know on that side of the house , the circumstances to which the noble lord would have to advert . The noble lord would not suppose , surely , that he had any thing to do with the publication alluded to by the noble lord . He assured him he knew nothing of it . supported the motion . He had for many years acted with Mr. Pitt , and generally of course with the gentlemen on the other side , particularly during the last parliament , when such proceedings had taken place against a noble viscount , to whom he had the honour to be related