as those which the zeal of the hon . general this night bespoke . He hoped they were actuated by stronger motives for accession to power , than those of bargaining and buying their way into office . The hon . general 's reasonings amounted to this : `` if you attempt to carry a resolution of this sort , you will throw the strongest impediment in the way of forming a new and virtuous administration , to succeed the wicked and corrupt one just turned out of office : you will paralize the vigour of their exertions : you will cripple the magnitude of their plans , if you prevent them from taking , or granting lucrative places in reversion , or for life , in addition to those they are to hold during the king 's pleasure , in remuneration for their great services and splendid talents . '' This , however , was a doctrine to which he could not subscribe , and a kind of support from the hon . general , which 185 he believed , would not be very grateful to his friends . Some allusion had been made in the course of this discussion , to certain reversions held by a distinguished family , several branches of which formed parts of the present administration ; but he could see no analogy between the cases alluded to , and those now in contemplation of the house ; between reversions during pleasure , enjoyed for services long rendered to the state , and reversions and places for life , to be granted in the first instance before any service whatever was rendered , and given as a kind of bounty to entice a placeman to enlist for a high office , to which also a high salary was to be attached This was indeed a novel mode of recruiting an administration . But whenever the new ministers should appear in their places , he hoped the hon . general would give them a very different support from the kind of observations he had this day pointed against them . was sure that the character and principles of his hon . friend , who had brought forward the resolution , would secure him from the imputation of having been actuated by party motives . From what he had learned in conversation with other members of the committee , he was persuaded that they were all agreed that no places should be granted henceforth in reversion . As to the propriety of any arrangements with a view to induce individuals to accept of office , he believed that the first measure of the administration then in office , with a view to enable a noble lord ( Grenville ) , for whom he felt a very sincere respect , was a sufficient proof that such an arrangement was not very extraordinary . As to the new administration , he knew nothing more of it , than he was enabled to collect from the rumours afloat , and he did not believe that any arrangement had been yet submitted for the approbation of the highest authority in the state . observed , that without giving any opinion upon the merits of the case referred to by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Johnstone ) , he had no hesitation in asserting that there was a material difference between that case and the one more particularly alluded to , in the course of this debate . For in the one , the object was to enable a man to hold an office which was conferred upon him for life , in conjunction with one to which he was appointed during pleasure , and for that purpose the sanction of parliament was applied for , and obtained ; while in the other the proposition was , that an office 186 heretofore held during pleasure , should he conferred for life , and that too at the mere will of the crown , in order , as rumour stated , to induce a man to accept another office during pleasure . With regard to the noble family alluded to by