shewn his attention to the interest and happiness of his people , and his veneration for the constitution of the country ; yet the subject would be in danger of losing the best character of his loyalty , and the most important part of his honourable immunities , if he were not to be permitted to question the exercise of the royal prerogative . On a late occasion , the king 's ministers recommended a measure which had recently received much discussion ; he alluded to the concession to the Catholics in the army and navy . This was not brought forward , that gentlemen might indulge themselves in fine speeches : it was introduced to tranquillize the mind of the subject , in a particular part of the realm ; and when from opposition , either at home or abroad , that important design was to be disappointed , it was consistent with every 438 notion he could form of wisdom and duty to withdraw it . They did this , however , with the proper reservation , that their opinions should be unbiassed and unfettered , that they should be allowed to declare that they had not abandoned their former sentiments , and that when the occasion should testify it , they might be permitted again to submit to their royal master the propriety or necessity of such a measure . This appeared to him to be a fair and respectful proceeding , but they could not condescend to become time serving ministers , or to barter the interests of their country for the power and emoluments of office . It was said , that the king could dismiss his ministers at his pleasure , and that therefore there could be no ground for demanding the pledge . Into that he should not enquire , but it was perfectly clear to him that ministers could not constitutionally enter into such an engagement . They could not be restricted in the advice they should give to the crown ; they were the guardians of the country , and must respect the relation they sustained to it . He would assert yet more—that , had they acceded to time pledge , such ministers would have been the proper objects of parliamentary impeachment . The new ministers were said to be confined by no such pledge , but he would contend that they were pledged by the very act of undertaking their present situations . Supposing the concession that had been proposed to the Catholics , should be necessary to preserve the rights of the crown , and the tranquillity of the people , was it to be expected that , contrary to truth , they should come to the house and declare , that they were erroneous in their judgment ? He commended them for avowing , in an open and manly way , their sentiments ; and their withdrawing the bill was capable of complete vindication , since the contrary would have given rise to serious divisions at this critical moment . Both he and the whole nation must prefer this conduct to that of accepting office under a disguised pledge , which was made sufficiently manifest from the minute which had been laid upon the table . If nothing which had fallen from his hon . friend , or from himself , in this debate , should induce the house to declare its confidence in the late administration , he hoped , at least , it would not be prevented from this bold acknowledgment of its feelings , by the indiscreet threat of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) , to advise his majesty to dissolve the parliament . He would confidently assert , that there was no 439 example of such a menace . Was it to be considered as a specimen of the talents of the new secretary for the arduous duties of his office , in which station he had succeeded a noble lord of extraordinary powers , and who was the follower of an illustrious statesman , who , to the greatest suavity of manners , united the greatest strength and