was such as , if granted , could render the catholics , either in this country or Ireland , the objects of jealousy or distrust ? In vain would it be to expect allegiance from those , who were , at the same time , told , that they were unfit to enjoy the benefits of that allegiance ; or to look for attachment from those , who were not to receive any support from the government of the country . approved of the principle of the bill proposed , as applied to the roman catholics of England ; but it was a distinct question how far it should apply to Ireland . He did not think it fair that the roman catholics in Ireland should have any advantages over those in any other parts of the empire . His hon . and learned friend 's speech did not appear to him to have deserved the severe animadversion to which it had been subjected by the noble lord who had spoken last . The noble lord had objected to that speech as more worthy of the darker ages . No one who knew the great talents and enlightened mind of , his hon . and learned friend could suppose that any speech of his could deserve such a description . The sentiments his hon . and learned friend had uttered , were those of 1688 , and he wished to know if the noble lord thought the times that placed the house of Hanover on the throne of these realms were the darker ages . He agreed entirely with his hon . and learned friend as to the necessity of putting at length some limits to those daily innovations on the church of England establishment . He did not wish to revive unpleasant remembrances , but , at the same time , as it was impossible to forget the spirit of insurrection which prevailed amongst the Irish catholics in the year 1798 , so it must not be wondered at , if feelings of considerable jealousy were excited on the present occa- 14 sion . As to the roman catholic of this country , they had undergone the purgation of centuries , and must be considered as good am loyal subjects . He saw , no necessity for introducing the present bill , and particularly that clause which went to authorise to all persons in the army and navy , not of ail communion of the church of England , the free exercise of their religious worship ; for he had never heard any practical difficulty stated , or any real ground of complaint respecting catholic officers and men being prohibited from attending divine worship in their own way ; and he had personally known some catholic officers in the army , who had made no difficulty of going with their division to church . When the Reformation first took place the catholics made no objection to attend the worship , but only the sacraments of the church of England ; for although the protestant church expunges and rejected what it considered as erroneous , still it retained a part of the formularies made use of in the church of Rome ; he therefore saw no serious grievance existing which required to be remedied by an act of parliament ; and he really thought it was much better policy not to attempt to remedy the grievance in this way , which ought not to be resorted to without a cause of strong necessity . declared , that he considered whatever related to the protestant religion , as distinguished from the roman catholic , to be of serious importance to this country , and that the preservation of the protestant establishment was essentially requisite to maintain the peace both of this country and Ireland . Upon the subject of religion , the house had two Principles to look to ; the first was that of toleration , without which nothing could go on well in a country ; and next to this was the security of the establishment . He was afraid , from the arguments which had been adduced by