such a business with such a rascal ; and , says he , that story is like the story of the Thisbe brig which he has got : he is a damned liar.—Had the conversation , as to Mr. Drake 's having been with Mr. Cobbett in Hampshire , begun previous to Mr. S 's . coming into the room and in what way did Mr. Drake state himself to have been in Mr. Cobbett 's house ? The conversation began with Mr Drake stating himself to have been hunting in Hampshire with Mr. Cobbett , before Mr. S. came into the room , but it continued after Mr S. came into the room : Mr. Drake said , that the only way to get to Mr. Cobbett 's house was through his stables and a very dirty yard ; that he lived in a mere pig-stye.—Did you ever hear Mr Drake say that he must leave town in order to take the command of the Thisbe sloop , or the Sisbe sloop , and that be was under orders from the Admiralty ? On Tuesday the 10th of Feb. , I remember being in company with Mr. Drake . Mr. Drake told me that he was appointed to the command of the Thisbe sloop ; sometime afterwards he said that it was a brig ; and that if Mr. S. would apply to the Admiralty , he had no doubt they would permit him to stay in town a few days , if it was to serve his cause.—When Mr. Drake said he must go out of town the next day ; did Mr. S. tell Mr. Drake he must stay in town , and desire him to call at Somerset House the next ; and did not Mr. S. state that that he , Mr. Drake , must on no account be absent when the speaker 's warrant required his attendance ? Mr. S. certainly did.—Did Mr. S. ever utter one word like holding out any reward or inducement to Mr. Drake , or Mr. Weatherhead , whatever ? Never in my presence , —Were you present at the examination of Mr. Harris by Mr. Justice Grabam ? I was present , —Was Mr. Weatherhead pre- 41 sent ? No.—Did you know that when Mr. S. sent Harris to be examined by Mr. Graham , he sent a special message , by Mr. Johnston and yourself , that Mr. Graham should get possession of the letter pretended to be signed by Mr. S , have it sealed up and marked , and give notice to the speaker and Mr. Paull 's solicitor that it should be forthcoming to the house.—What was the message Mr. S. sent by you and Mr. Johnson to Mr. Graham ? Mr. S. desired Mr. Johnson to request Mr. Graham would keep the letter , seal it , and let Mr. Paull 's solicitor know that the letter was in his possession , in Mr. Graham 's possession ; after his examinations had been taken , to keep the letter , and not to let it go into the jew 's hands any more.—Did Mr. Harris shew any reluctance to accompany you and Mr. Johnson to be examined ? No , Mr. Harris went with great seeming pleasure : he wished that his character should be cleared up ; as some people said he had obtained the letter in an improper manner : he wished that every investigation should take place ; and he gave his testimony very fairly and candidly as it appeared to me , without any reserve . '' Cross-examined by Mr. Warren , on behalf of the Petitioner . `` What is your situation in life ? I am of no profession at present.—Are you a gentle man , living on your means ? I have been concerned in the flour business in Ireland , have property in Ireland ; I do not say that I am concerned in the flour business at present , but that is the only occupation I have been concerned in.—How long have you left off that business ? I left it off when I