answer to the question . He had only to state , that in the course of the examination of a Mr. Thomas , a fact had come out which the committee thought it their duty to investigate with the most scrupulous attention ; and , since the discovery alluded to , the committee had accordingly been diligently engaged upon this delicate transaction , and a member of that house , who had been formerly paymaster of the forces , had been carefully examined . What the committee meant to do on this point he did not precisely know , but it was of course to be supposed that they would not dismiss the subject without a full investigation of the matter , and making such a report as their duty and the nature of the case should seem to them to require . thanked the noble lord for the statement which he had made , and hoped that the committee would make a special report on the subject . pursuant to notice , to move for the production of the treasury minute for appointing a barrack Commission , to execute the duties of the barrack-master-general . 426 As he believed there would be no opposition to this motion , he had only to put the house in possession of his object , which would best appear from a statement of facts . Early in the last autumn , the commissioners of military enquiry thought it their duty to communicate to the commissioners of the treasury part of the 4th report , which recommended the appointment of a barrack board , to be substituted instead of a barrack-master-general . The commissioners of the treasury approved of the recommendation , and thought that such a board ought to be appointed . This was communicated to his majesty , who approved of the measure , and affixed his signature to it , and the business might have been completed before the late ministers quitted office ; but it had somehow happened that the privy seal was not affixed to the commission , and the noble lord who now held it had not thought proper to affix it . He would not now question the propriety of withholding the seal from it . His object merely was to have the intentions of the late ministry on this point before the house ; but he might at least say on this occasion , that he hoped no definitive arrangement would take place till the report of the commissioners had been fully considered . He trusted that the house would seriously consider the report and the method of preventing the recurrence of such abuses as had been found to prevail in this department . He concluded by moving , that the minute of the late commissioners of the treasury , respecting the appointment of a barrack commission , be laid before the house . said he had no objection to the motion . On coming into office , he had found the case to be exactly as the noble lord had stated it to be . But this matter required great consideration . It appeared that it had been referred to the barrack commissioners and the comptrollers of army accounts , and they had found great difficulty in the business , and therefore it became those who were to be responsible for affixing the privy seal , to be cautious how they appointed persons to offices , and adopted all the arrangements , without an opportunity of fully considering the subject . He certainly had no desire to precipitate measures , but at the same time , the observation of the noble lord did not very well apply here , when he recommended the mature consideration of the report ; for he and his colleagues had adopted the measure , before any report at all had been 427 presented . But he agreed to the production of the minute . in explanation said , that he and his colleagues had fully considered the subject on the report of the Commissioners , and there was this difference between the two cases , that the report was now