shut their eyes upon the lessons of history and experience.—I will not travel over again the ground I have trodden . I have before stated my opinion , that the little information which we can glean of the state and condition of Africa , before the resort thither of Europeans for colonial labourers , has been either kept back or misrepresented in the publications of the abolitionists ; and , when a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) alluded to what Leo Africanus relates to us concerning Negro Land , the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) who has interested himself so much in this question , appeared to me to promise us some comments upon the page of Leo . I shall not have an opportunity of observing upon what may fall from the hon . gent . on this subject , and I am not sure whether his usual ingenuity may not extract from Leo some passages which , in his opinion , favour his own views of the question ; but I challenge him to contradict this result , that from the whole tenor of Leo 's seventh book , which treats of the negro nations , it appears that before the resort of the Portuguese to the coast could have affected the condition of the interior , wars , both for dominion and plunder , originating as frequently , and from as slight provocations as they do now , were common throughout Negro Land ; that the captives taken in those wars were either condemned to slavery , to imprisonment , or to death ; that the condition of that slavery was in many instances most cruel and oppressive ; that extensive markets for slaves were then open , and that to the Moors and to the eastern countries the sale of slaves was extensive ; that in some instances the African Princes invited and even forced the Slave Trade , refusing to pay in gold for what they bought , and compelling the merchants , much against their will , to take slaves in return for their merchandize ; and that slaves were at that day so plentiful , and horses for the purposes of war so valuable , that fifteen or twenty slaves were given for one horse . This I assert to be a fair abstract of what we gather from Leo , premising , however , that I am not able to read the original Arabian , nor have I ever met with the Italian translation made by Leo himself . I have , however , compared the Latin Elzevir translation with a French translation published at Lyons , in the sixteenth century , and they correspond in all essential respects . A voyager almost contem orary with Leo , is . Cademosta , who in 120 speaking of the part of the African coast visited by him , tells us , that the negro nations are often at war , that they sell slaves to different nations , `` and some to the Christians , since they began to trade with that country , '' evidently shewing , that when the Christians entered into the commerce , they found it already established and extensive.—I build then , sir , my sentiments upon this question in part upon these authorities : and finding nothing in divine or human law which pronounces the possession , or the purchase , or the use of a slave , to be necessarily and invariably unjust , I can not see either the obligation or the policy of abolishing that share of the Slave Trade which at present exists for the supply of our own colonies . If I were now to deliberate concerning any society , whether slavery should enter into its constitution , I should say ; `` Certainly not . '' If I were laying down regulations , and framing laws for an infant political establishment , I would take into my consideration all the original and abstract rights of man , for such rights do exist , and ought to be venerated , although they can not often