great satisfaction to hear a motion of this nature so loudly applauded by men who were themselves loaded with so much of the public money . It was a good omen , and he hoped it would not prove delusive.—The resolution was then agreed to , and Mr. Bankes , Mr. Horner , and Mr. S. Bourne , were appointed to prepare and bring in a bill pursuant thereto . —The royal assent was given by commission to the Slave Trade Abolition bill , the Irish Licence bill , and the Thames Police bill , and two private bills.—Lord Grenville ( who sat with his friends on the opposition side of the house ) , gave notice , that to-morrow , on the motion of adjournment for the recess , he should state such explanations as he deemed consistent with his duty to his country and to himself , respecting the circumstances which had led to the present situation of public affairs , and of the country . moved the order of the day for a committee on the Scotch Judicature bill , — 188 The house having resolved itself into a committee , the noble lord stated his intention of moving , pursuant to the instruction of the committee , to divide the bill into two , and also of proposing several amendments in that part of it which related to the chambers of the court of session , and to the court of review . With respect to the latter court , some persons had thought that it would be an additional step in the progress of litigation , inasmuch as the unsuccessful parties would still appeal to that house , and therefore that the number of appeals to that house would not be lessened . There was one mode , however , he thought , which would materially tend to lessen the number of appeals to that house , namely , to abolish reclaiming petitions in the court of session , and to substitute , instead , appeals to the court of review . This would naturally tend to produce a more complete adjudication of causes in the chambers of the court of session , there being no opportunity , as at present , of re-examining their own decisions , whilst there was every reason to believe that that careful adjudication would render appeals less frequent . Of one part of the bill he thought an unfair advantage had been taken out of the house , as he never had an idea that the extraordinary lords to be added to the court of session should hold their places in any other manner than like the judges of England , during good behaviour . He had no objection , if it was thought necessary , to the introduction of clauses , enacting that the persons to be so appointed should have all the requisite qualifications.—After few obserservations from lord Eldon , the amendments were agreed to . In the progress of the bill , lord Grenville stated that upon further consideration , it had been thought inexpedient to prohibit , altogether , appeals from interlocutors ; and therefore he proposed to give a power to the court of review to receive appeals from interlocutors , and also on receiving an appeal from final judgment to call for all the interlocutors in the cause . An amendment was adopted to this effect , and the first part of the bill , relating to the chambers of the court of session and the , court of review , having been separated from the rest , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received the next day . moved for the appointment of a committee to inquire where the judges of the court of session should be placed during their attendance on the house , and to search for precedents , & c. His reason for moving this was , that he judges of the court of 189 session claimed the right of sitting within the bar , they having formed part of the council of parliament in Scotland.—Agreed to . reported from the Lanark committee ,