which counsel ought to confine themselves ; and certainly it would have been much more proper if the counsel , instead of pressing the matter as he did , had stood at the bar in shame and confusion at his being engaged in such a cause . He perfectly admitted the great respectability of the solicitors ; Messrs Williams and Brooks , and had heard that Mr. Williams had even thrown up the cause . He wished that Mr. Powell might stand as clear . He wished , that Mr. Paull and Mr. Powell might have been only dupes in the business . He should be glad if it should appear so . But when he examined his witnesses , there would appear , he believed , such a system of baseness , corruption , and subornation of perjury as had never before been heard of . He wished the counsel for the petitioner to hear the evidence . The learned counsel , though he remarked on the part the evidence where Drake had stated , that he had been employed by him ( Mr. S ) to get the letter from Harris , had forgot to mention that the witness had afterwards stated , that he had offered £30 of his own money to get the letter-from Mr , Paull . His own money ! He wished it 38 might not turn out to have been the money , of other people . He really pitied the poor wretches who had been called to to the bar , but wished that the charge might not be carried to a higher quarter . The counsel , too had observed upon the statements of the witness , that he saw him sign the letter , but had forgot to mention his having retracted that assertion . He had adverted to his having desired the attendance of Drake and Weatherhead the next day—he had done so certainly , with a view to carry them to Bow street . But finding , as Weatherhead had said , that they had got into suspicious company , when they saw a Bow-street officer they made off , and he had heard no more of them till they were observed on the 24th of Feb. in a hackney-coach with Mr. Paull . He was ashamed of his own credulity in having given any credit to what these persons said , but he had called at the Admiralty , and found that Weatherhead had been dismissed for scandalous conduct by captain Trollope , and that his name was marked R. M. having presented forged certificates for a lieutenancy . There was a gross false-hood in the petition , where it alledged that the consideration of the election petition stood for the 24th of Feb. , whereas it had been originally appointed for the 13th of Jan. observed , that the right hon . gent . had certainly taken the advantage over the counsel when he had spoken , of him in the manner he had done . There might have been rumours of his intention to throw up his brief ; but when so much was at stake with respect to the client who employed him , it was not for the counsel to prejudge the case , and if he had heard , that he had thrown up his brief , he certainly would not have believed it . It was impossible to misunderstand the counsel when he said that these charges were proved , for he had distinctly qualified it by referring this to the credit due to the , witnesses . There , was , therefore , no more grounds for his imputations against the counsel , than for his assertion that there was a gross falsehood in the petition . It stated , that the consideration of the election petition glad been postponed from the 24th of Feb to the 14th of April . This was true , and no intention appeared of denying that it had been in the first instance fixed for the 13th of January . said , that he had a great respect for the counsel ; but still