going to to Mr. S. s. house another gentleman who was there , and I , advised Mr. S. to have Drackeand Weatherhead both brought before Mr. Graham , the magistrate ; and to 43 try if we could not make out a conspiracy between the 3 ; and I wrote two notes to Mr. Drake 's father , to induce him to come to that meeting , in which we intended to bring him to the magistrate.—Had you any communication with Mr. S. on the subject of those letters ; did he know that they were written ? No , Mr. S. never knew that I wrote to him , or any other person , I believe , except those concerned.—Did be know of it ? I never mentioned it to him.—Did Mr. Graham know of it ? No , he did not.—At the meeting at Somerset House on the 19th of Feb. , who was present ? Mr. Drake , Mr. Weatherhead , Mr. Ward , Mr. Sheridan , and your humble servant.—Do you mean to state that you heard no conversation upon the subject of money , between Mr. S. and Mr. Drake , at that meeting ? Certainly not , and no such conversation could have taken place.—Did not Mr. S. say , I believe Mr. Drake , you are poor , and I have it now in my power to place you in such a situation as will make you comfortable ? No , nor nothing like it.—Were any other letters written to Drake 's father besides that you have mentioned ? Not by me.—Do you know of any other being written to Drake 's father ? No , I do not.—Did not you appoint a meeting between Mr. S. and Drake at his own house ? I wrote to him for that purpose.—Whom did you write to ? I wrote to Drake 's father ; I dare say you have the notes there.—I just asked whether you knew of any other letter besides the one you have mentioned ? I wrote two notes.—Besides the letter ? I wrote no letter to him.—I understood you to state , that you had written a letter to Drake 's father ? I wrote two notes to Drake 's father.—Did not Drake go from your house to Edwards 's , to meet Johnson ? I do not know where he went to from my house ; I did not accompany him.—Did not Drake go from your house with Johnson , in a hackney coach , to meet Mr. Sheridan ? I do not know.—What was the date of the last note to Drake 's father ? I can not say what the date was , but I know it was for the purpose of getting him to appoint a meeting , for the purpose of bringing them to Mr. Graham 's ; I believe there was nothing more than `` Thursday '' or `` Monday . `` —Was it not written on Saturday , the 22d of Feb. ? I do not know ; it might be.—Was it to meet Mr. Sheridan on Sunday ? I believe it was.—Where was it to meet Mr , S. ? I really do not know whether it was at my house , or Mr. S. 's ; but I advised Mr. S. not to bring them to his house , and I am not certain 44 whether it was not my house . Mr. Drake wished me to go to his house , but I did not choose to go there , and also to bring Mr. S. there , to his lodgings.—Do you know whether Mr. S. has a son of the name of Charles Sheridan ? No.—A brother ? No.—A nephew , or any other relation ? There is a person of that name who lives with me ; we live together ; he is unwell , or he would have been here.—Did not Alex . Johnson and Drake go together from your house ? A. Johnson , Mr. Ward , and Mr. Drake , and I believe 2 or 3 more went away together ; I can not