to his ministers to withdraw this intimation of their intentions , Was this a concession which it was impossible for them to make ? They had declared themselves desirous of keeping off the discussion of any question , contrary to the opinions and feelings of his majesty . By the exertion of their weight and influence in that direction , it was far from impossible that they might be successful . If they failed , it was still in their power to inform his majesty that , as they could no longer in their opinion administer his government , without proposing measures contrary to his sense of his oath , they must retire from responsibility , and leave his majesty to the advice of other counsellors . Having failed in convincing the king by the strongest statements of the indispensable necessity of the measure , which they had nevertheless abandoned , having consented to become deeply criminal by withdrawing what it would have been deeply criminal not to propose , from what further arguments could conviction and success be expected ? What was the invariable prospect , but a fruitless and unaviling contest , productive of nothing but distrust and irritation ? Are we then prepared to censure his majesty , if , after proposing in the first instance that the intimation should be withdraw , be claimed some positive assu- 374 rance that this contest between himself and his confidential servants should not last for ever ? Having seen how loosely , how inaccurately a proceeding of such importance and delicacy had been conducted : having seen how easily his consent had been implied to the very measure to which he thought his dissent had been unequivocally expressed , can any man be surprized that he should require to be secured from all future apprehensions ? From all future apprehensions , of what nature ? Not that measures would be proposed to curtail his influence , or to abridge his power , but that he should be forced , against his conscience , to consent to the extension of his prerogative , Is it not clear that when there is so little confidence between the king and his confidential servants as to make it necessary on either side to require a pledge of any kind , the public service must suffer , if the conduct of affairs continues in the same hands ? When ministers perceive that they have inconsiderately , and for what appear unnecessarily , brought themselves into this situation is it honourable to their sovereign , is it useful to their country , to cling to their official posts ; to force their king to remove them , instead of removing themselves ; and to attempt to gain popularity by dismissal which they must be conscious they have not gained by their administration ? This brings me to the second branch of the motion of my noble relation . It was not expected by me , and it would require a long , but not difficult detail to answer it . Having been prevented by the state of my health from attending my duty in this place during their continuance in power , I can only form my judgement from a general view of their conduct . Of their entrance into office I say nothing , except that they chose to come in upon that very principle of exclusion , applied to a whole party from the highest to the lowest , a resistance to which principle , said to be applied to a single person , had been the declared reason of their refusal to join in a former administration . Of their actions I can only seize the prominent points in a hasty and imperfect review . I look for their œconomy , to the immense burthen entailed , I fear for ever , upon the country , by the increased expence of the army , and consequently of the navy , incurred in order to try in the army upon a large scale an experiment grounded upon visionary theories , but which in practice the volunteering of the 375 militia into the line