contempt they deserved . The circumstance of his having had the audience of his majesty , he had stated to the noble baron ( lord Grenville ) , and he trusted that that noble lord was perfectly well satisfied with the sincerity of his statement . The only pledge he had given was the uniform tenour of his public life . His majesty asked no other , and he should continue to serve his sovereign to the best of his abilities , without fearing any responsibility that might attach to his official conduct . spoke in favour of the original question . After which , the question being universally called for , the house divided on the motion of lord Boringdon , that the house do now adjourn . Contents ( present ) 135 Proxies 36 —— 171 Non-contents ( present ) 69 Proxies 21 —— 90 —— Majority 81 —Adjourned at seven o'clock on Tuesday morning . List of the Minority . Norfolk , Fitzwilliam , Argyle , Somerset , Hardwicke , Rawdon , Devonshire , Fortescue , Somers , Winchester , Carnarvon , Braybroke , Stafford , Rosslyn , Grenville , Headfort , Lucan , Auckland , Derby , Clanricard , Upper Ossory , Suffolk , Leven , Dundas , Thanet , Northesk , Ellenborough , Essex , Elgin , Blandford , Scarborough , Breadalbane , Kinnaird , Albemarle , Stair , Reay , Jersey , St. John , Cawdor , Cholmondeley , Say and Sele , Carrington , Oxford , Darnley , Carysfort , Tankerville , King , Erskine , Bristol , Monson , Lauderdale , Cowper , Besborough , Granard , Stanhope , Holland , Crewe , 423 Ponsonby , PROXIES . Bolingbroke , Cassilis , Grafton , Stawell , Darlington , St. Alban 's , Minto , Lilford , Bute , Blantyre , Grantley , Buckingham , Yarborough , Mendip , Orford , Ashburton , Hawke . Guilford , Glastonbury , Bishops of Spencer , Carlisle , Lincoln , St. Vincent , Bulkeley . Landaff , Dorchester , PAIRED OFF . St. Asaph , Fife , Berkeley , Oxford , Eglinton , Leicester . Kildare . Anson , New writs were ordered to be issued for the election of members for the following places : for Marlborough , in the room of the earl of Dalkeith , now lord Tynedale , called to the house of peers ; for Bedwin , in the room of viscount Stopford , who had accepted the office of comptroller of his majesty 's household ; for Mitchell , in the room of sir Arthur Wellesley , who had accepted the office of chief secretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland ; for Eye , in the room of lord Huntley , now baron Gordon , called up to the house of peers . in consequence of the business which was fixed for to-morrow , wished to postpone the re-committal of the bill which he had brought in on that subject , till Friday . He took that opportunity of stating , that in consequence of numerous communications which he had received , he had thought that it would be the best way to divide his original bill into three separate bills . The first of those bills would be with respect to the Poors ' Fund ; the second would be , for a better equalization of the county rates ; and the third would contain all the remaining objects of his bill . In consequence , however , of suggestions and communications which he had received , he intended to leave out of his bill the clauses respecting the adjudication of settlements , and that for rating personal property . said , that the subject was one which , perhaps , more than any other , called for a most deliberate consideration and calm discussion . After the threat that had been thrown out a few evenings ago , that parliament should be dissolved if they did not agree to this or that measure of the present administration , it was almost impossible to expect , that , in the course of the present session , or perhaps