because it is more alarming . If the crown is not responsible , and if the servants of the crown are allowed to pledge themselves to the executive , what becomes of that responsibility which is in itself the best preservative of the constitution . If the king is not responsible by law , and his ministers are not responsible by virtue of certain initiatory pledges , I would ask , where is the people 's security against the evils of bad go ernment ? Far be it from me to question the exercise of the prerogative ; the king has an undoubted right to appoint his own servants , to select his own counsellors , to advance his ministers to dignities , or to dismiss them from his service—but I maintain that the king has not a right to restrict the 286 range of their advice , or to controul the free exercise of their judgments . Honest men . who truly understood the public good , who were loyal to their king , and just to their country , could not listen for a moment to any pledge that when to restrain them from offering such advice as they from time to time might in their consciences think it necessary to propose . But such men were not to be compared with those political adventurers who , in their eager pursuit of power and emolument , were not ashamed , while they pledged themselves to the crown , to proffer their invalid security to a deluded people . Sir , upon the responsibility of the king 's servants there can be , in the house , but one opinion , and though I do not at all think it necessary to obtrude longer upon your valuable time , by attempting to demonstrate constitutional principles that may be so justly termed axiomatic ; yet , when I consider how intimately the sacred duty of a privy counsellor is involved in the present question , I can not abstain , taking it in this point of view , from submitting to you one further observation . The duty of a privy counsellor , as stated by Lord Coke , requires him to advise `` generally in all things that may be to the king 's honour and behoof , and to the good of his realms , lordships and subjects , without partiality or exception of persons , not leaving or eschewing so to do for affection , love , meed , doubt , or dread of any person or persons . '' This , sir , in my humble opinion , brings the question within the narrowest compass . Could the late ministers , consistently with the oath they had taken as privy counsellors , have subscribed the pledge required of them ? Here , then , sir , will I leave it to the house . I shall not now enter into a detail of the conduct of the late administration ; in my review of it , I find nothing to censure , and much to applaud . It is not for me , sir , to remind this house of their services ; it is not for me to tell this house that that administration , in the hour of their dismissal , possessed the entire confidence of parliament , I have now , sir , only to thank the house for their indulgence , and to move `` That it is contrary to the first duties of the confidential servants of the crown , to restrain themselves by any pledge expressed or implied , from offering to the king any advice which the course of circumstances may render necessary for the welfare and security of any part of his majesty 's extensive empire . '' to second the motion of his hon . friend , from which at no time could he refuse to withhold his support ; but which at the present moment he thought a question of vital importance to the constitution ; and had his speech even been less clear , eloquent , and satisfactory , he ( Mr L. ) should