next day ; he said he only wished to : have the letter to bring before the house.—How happened it that Drake came to your house on the 10th ? He was sent for , and brought to my house.—By whom was he sent for ? By a person of the name of Edwards.—For what purpose ? To investigate the business respecting the letter , and to learn what I have already stated to the house.—Why did you wish to examine him about this letter ? I wished , and Mr. S. also , from the extraordinary statement which had been made , by Mr. Harris , of the business , wished to have it investigated fully ; and there was no other way of investigating it than by getting this man to my house , and having witnesses present.—You desired Edwards to bring him to your house ? Yes.—Did Mr. S. know of his being at your house ? , Yes , Mr , S. wished he should be examined in respect to the letter , in what manner he got the letter . '' was examined respecting some letters said to have passed between him and B. Hart . He acknowledged the hand-writing , and was proceeding to offer some observations upon the question to the house , when he was reminded by the Speaker of the capacity in which he then stood at the bar of the house . was next examined . He had been employed by Mr. Paull during the election ; he did not , however , consider himself as Mr. Paull 's agent . Mr. Paull called at his house and left his card : he called a second time , and requested him to come to his house , Charles-street , St. James's-square , which he did , when Mr. Paull entreated him to exert his influence to procure him votes . About a week after the election he had some conversation with Mr. Paull and Mr. Powell respecting some suspicions that had gone abroad about bad votes said to have been given to Mr. Sheridan , and they recommended to him to endeavour to procure information respecting that matter ; he however soon after fell ill , in which state he continued some weeks , and had not seen Mr. Paull since . was proceeding to ask the witness several more questions respecting his employment during the election , whether he did accompany Mr. Paull in his carriage to and from the hustings , & c. & c. , when observed , that his hon . friend , according to his own principle laid down on a former occasion , thought it best not to touch upon the general conduct of the election , but merely upon the allegations contained in the petition . said , that such was the object he had in view ; but he thought it necessary , at the same time , to ascertain the characters of the persons who were made the instruments to attempt to prove these allegations , and carry on one of the foulest conspiracies that the malignity of man had ever conceived.—The examination and testimony of the last witness was then ordered to be expunged from the minutes taken at he bar , on the ground that it entered too 57 much into the merits of the petition to be entertained by the house . observed , that , if the house should deem it necessary to adapt any further proceedings relative to what was disclosed at their bar , there were several other witnesses in readiness , whom , perhaps , it might be thought necessary to call in , as they might possibly corroborate many of the particulars which had fallen from the other witnesses , or fill up some trifling chasms in the evidence ; for his own part , however , he did not mean to trouble the house with any farther evidence , but was perfectly satisfied to let his case rest where it was . The papers which had been moved for that night , by a noble lord ( Howick ) , world be