, however , prevent the continuation of the right hon . gent 's experiment ; it went merely to allow those recruits who wished to do so , to enlist for life instead of a limited period , thus counteracting the dangerous effects of the existing system . The documents on the table proved , that up to the first of January last , the right hon . gent 's plan had riot produced more than was formerly produced by the ordinary recruiting . Since that period , he was happy to find , that the number raised was in- 103 creasing , but this was owing to circumstances applicable to any system , and above all , to the notice given to officers of second battalions , that unless a certain number of men were raised within a limited period , those battalions would be reduced . He compared the right hon . gent 's system with the Additional Defence act , and having argued at considerable length , in deprecation of the one , and in defence of the other , concluded by moving , as a proviso to that clause of the bill which related to the administration of oaths to recruits , that if any recruit should declare before a magistrate his intention of enlisting , but not for a limited time , on receiving such bounty as his majesty should think proper to offer , it should be lawful for the magistrate to take his oath for such extended service . said , he was glad to find that the noble lord , though not uniformly , had allowed that his plan had succeeded . The fact was , that the recruiting had increased , and the desertions had diminished . The general force of the country had been augmented , and as to the home defence , unless the enemy were to meet with greater successes than those of which we were at present apprised , it would be some time before any tremendous danger could be apprehended . The noble lord had been perfectly safe in his observations on the expedition under colonel Craufurd , because he knew that it was unlit at present to divulge the object of that expedition . `` But , '' says the noble lord , `` why not `` harass the enemy in some other place ? '' Would not this reduce the home defence of which the noble lord was so tenacious ? As to activity , an injudicious and imprudent activity was more dangerous than indolence ; for in military subjects he could not agree with the French proverb , which said , in the idiom of that language , `` It is better to do nothings than nothing . '' The noble lord cried out for expeditions . What sort of precedents of expeditions had the administration , of which the noble lord had formed a part , afforded ? Had not the noble lord , by sending out his expeditions , contrived to drown a great many men in the English channel , and to wreck a great many others on the enemy 's coasts ? As to the diminution in the energy of the volunteers , their zeal and activity had been called forth by the danger of the country ; should the country again be in danger , he had no doubt that that zeal and activity would again be displayed , but at present there was no motive fur their ex- 104 ertions . The noble lord complained , that his ( Mr W 's ) bill had not done what it never professed to do , namely , in seven months to cause an immense increase in the army . A measure intended to produce a regular , permanent , and increasing supply , was , incapable of making a great and sudden accession . He combated the comparison which the noble lord had instituted , between the present military system and the defence bill of the last administration , and contended , in contradiction to the noble lord , that the superiority was greatly on the side of