, and to the consequences which might follow from an acquiescence in the motion before the house : suppose his majesty should be called upon by an address of that house , and he put it , as one consequence of this motion , to state by whom he had been advised to demand the pledge alluded to in the debate , or to dismiss his late ministers ; and that the 332 answer to such address should be , that his majesty had no advisers in either case ; what then would follow ? Why , that blame would fall on a quarter to which , according to the constitution , no blame ought to be imputed . Thus the maxim , that the king could do no wrong , might be exploded by the effects of this motion . For he could not say where the operation of the object , which this motion appeared to have in view , might terminate . The whole question as to the exercise of his majesty 's prerogative might be thrown open . After a resolution of censure upon the dismissal of the late ministers , another censure might be pronounced upon the appointment of the present , and thus the prerogative would be extinct . But looking to that prerogative , which must be exercised by the sovereign alone , as essential to the constitution , because essential to preserve the power and importance of the monarchy , he could not assent to a motion , which had a tendency to , or at least threatened consequences , which might shake its security . Under all these circumstances , the right hon . gent . felt himself bound to dissent from the motion before the house ; and this must be considered to him a duty of some pain . For towards the noble lord on the opposition bench , and his colleagues , he entertained the most unfeigned public and private respect , and he sincerely believed that in the part they had acted , which he was compelled to regret , their only object was to set themselves right with the public . But when such explanations as had been made in this affair , must turn upon matters of private conversation with the king , he could not help expressing his sorrow that they should take place . He would , however , be always ready to bear testimony to the honourable motives which actuated the conduct of the gentlemen on the opposition bench , for whose character he felt the highest respect . With the gentlemen who occupied the treasury bench he had no connection whatever , although for some of them , no doubt , he entertained a friendship , but in this instance he was influenced solely by the considerations be had stated , and a sense of the importance of the question under discussion , in which sense he had no doubt the house would concur with him . said , that he fully agreed in the just and constitutional sentiments which the house had just heard . But before he proceeded to animadvert upon the motion before the house , he thought it necessary to advert to the remarks of the hon . and learned gent . ( sir S. 333 Romilly ) with regard to a subject which that hon . and learned gent . had chosen to bring under consideration , although not at all connected with the motion . That hon . and learned gent . began his speech by deprecating any deviation from the question before the house , and still more any rancorous remarks , such as he ascribed to the hon . and learned doctor ( Duigenan ) . Now , he would appeal to the house , whether that learned gent . was less devious than the learned doctor , and whether he exhibited a spirit less rancorous ? The hon . baronet contended that it was not necessary to move the rescinding of the resolutions of that house , with regard to the noble lord ( Melville ) referred to by the learned gent.