than by comparing it with that of the late ministers . The right hon . secretary here called the attention of the house to the stipulations claimed by the late ministers , that they should be allowed to recommend one policy , whilst they pursued another . The terms upon which they wished to hold their offices were , that they should be allowed to propose measures , that they might afterwards abandon them . The yearly moving of the question would have the effect of making an unfair division of the popularity and odium . The odium would be great , and all fall upon the crown ; the benefit would be small , and that the Catholics might have ; but the whole of the popularity the ministers were to have . The noble lord had told him of the majority he should have , and of the vexatious motions that were to follow . But why waste his majorities ? If sufficient to carry vexatious motions to embarrass his majesty 's government , they would àà fortiori be sufficient for the relief of his majesty 's subjects ; the noble lord ought , therefore , to carry his original measure . It had been said that no notice had been given of an exculpatory statement till atter several partial publications had taken place ; but this he denied.—The noble lord , said , the right hon . secretary , has chosen to insinuate that the king had in fact some secret adviser , and that the communication between his majesty and those who are now in his councils , began much earlier than we are willing to avow ; and he instances lord Eldon 's visit to Windsor ( I think on the Saturday se'n-night preceding the change ) as a proof of this secret communication . I would not accuse the noble lord of wilful misrepresentation , but I must ask him plainly , in the face of the house , does he not know what was the cause of lord Eldon 's visit to Windsor ? Does he or does he not know , that previous to his going to Windsor , lord Eldon waited on lord Grenville , and communicated to him distinctly the subject of his intended interview with the king , adding , at the same time , a solemn assurance , that he would mention no other subject to his majesty . The noble lord may insinuate that lord Eldon did not keep his word . I believe he did , and at least I may safely 344 leave it to the house to determine , whether he conduct of lord Eldon , such as I have described it , affords fair grounds for a presumption of insincerity and falsehood ? And I will add , sir , that nothing but the extreme delicacy of the subject itself , upon which alone lord Eldon went , and upon which the noble lord must know he went , to communicate with his majesty , prevents me from satisfying the house , by a distinct disclosure of it , how very far removed it was from any thing of a political nature . I know not whether it is intended to extend these insinuations to other members of the new administration , but as expressions have dropped from many gentlemen , on the other side of the house , which appear to convey that charge of intrigue and secret cabal , I think it right to say distinctly for myself , and I say it with equal confidence for my right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) near me , and for the noble duke , who is at the head of his majesty 's government , that not only we have not to answer for any secret or unfair attempts to obtain the situation we now hold , but that we did , each according to our measure and opportunities , exert ourselves fairly and honestly to prevent the mischief which might be apprehended as likely to attend a change of administration in the present circumstances of the country . If