of the house to the point to which the question was now brought . They had for the present no object immediately before them , but that of putting a stop directly to the carrying men in British ships to be sold as slaves in the British islands in the West Indies . If that measure was to be shortly carried into execution , he should think that his labour for these 19 years past would be amply rewarded : but still , he must confess , that he should have another object after that in view , and that he looked forward to a still more happy change in the state of the negroes in the West India islands . According to the plain rules of common sense , his logi- 139 cal friend on the other side of the house ( Mr. Windham ) must be in error ; we were not to say that because a man had two wounds we should refrain from curing one , because it was not in our power to heal up both the wounds immediately . The right hon . gent . must see , without entering into any metaphysical discussion , that the great Author of our being had ordained , that the duty and happiness of mankind should be closely connected . It was our duty to put a stop as speedily as possible to the traffic and sale of our fellow men ; and notwithstanding the forebodings of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , he had reason to hope that we should have the happiness to see that smuggling would be as easily prevented in that as in any article that was at present attempted to be dealt in contrary to law . He thought it to be an act of duty towards the many great and enlightened statesmen that had supported him in the accomplishing of this object which he had most dearly at heart , to acknowledge the liberality with which they had set aside all lesser differences , and united their efforts with this great measure , for promoting the happiness of mankind . The chearfulness with which it was supported by most of the leading members of the present administration , he hoped was a favourable omen of what might be expected from them at any time hereafter , witch questions were to be decided on the great and immutable principles of truth , justice , and humanity . stated , in explanation , that his opinions on this question had been uniformly guided by the authority of Mr. Burke , who had entertained an idea of the gradual abolition of slavery , and of course of the slave trade , in a manner totally different from that proposed by the present measure . observed , that the right hon . gent . had never mentioned the name of Mr. Burke in his speech , and therefore had no right to shelter himself under his authority . The plan the right hon . gent . had alluded to , he had often requested to see , and could never obtain a sight of . This , however , he could aver , that Mr. Burka had often stated both in private and in that house , to him and to many others , that he had abandoned his former ideas on the subject , and thought exactly as they did . appealed to the house , whether he had not quoted the authority of Mr. Burke . stated that the plan of Mr. Burke had been put into his hands , for the purpose of his making sonic observations in 140 his place upon it.—The question was then loudly called for , when the gallery was cleared , but the bill was read a third time and passed without a division . —The house ballotted for committees to take into consideration the petitions complaining of undue returns for Glasgow and for Newry , but the reduced list for the latter place only was presented at the bar . The names were as follow : G H. Cavendish , esq . hon . M.