habits and prejudices of the people.—The house then went into a committee pro forma , in which lord Eldon gave notice that he should , when they came to the clause relative to the trial by jury , move that it be omitted , for the purpose of having another substituted , better suited to answer the desired purpose.—Progress was then reported , and the committee obtained leave to sit again on Wednesday . chairman of the committee appointed to try the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election for the borough of Guildford , reported , that Mr. Sumner was not duly elected , and that the petitioner , the hon . Chapple Norton , was duly elected ; but that the opposition of Mr. Sumner to the petition was not frivolous or vexatious . The clerk of the crown was ordered to attend the next day to amend the return , by erasing the name of Mr. Sumner , and inserting that of Mr. Norton in its place.—On the motion of Mr. Hobhouse , it was ordered that , at the rising of the house that day , lord Bruce , who had been taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms , in consequence of default at the election ballot , should be discharged , on paying his fees.—On the motion of lord Temple , a new writ was ordered for the election of a member for the borough of Buckingham , in the room of sir W. Young , who had accepted the office of governor of the island of Tobago.—Mr . Courtenay moved , that the order for the consideration of the Culross election petition , be deferred to the 16th of May . Sir J. Anstruther said , that though the sitting member was willing to agree to a reasonable 114 delay , he could by no means agree to a delay which would , perhaps , be the means of putting off the trial of this case to the next session . He would agree to a delay of three or four weeks . The consideration of the Culross petition was then fixed for April 16.—Lord John Thynne moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Bath Common division bill . Lord Ossulston opposed the motion , as the bill went to interfere with one of the principal and most airy walks of the invalids who resorted to Bath . He moved , as an amendment , that the bill be read a second time t hat day three months . The bill was defended by lord John Thynne , Mr. Palmer , and Mr. Hobhouse . A division took place ; for reading the bill a second time now 49 , against it 78 , majority 29 . A second division then took place on the question for reading the bill a second time that day three months : when there appeared for the motion 57 , against it 49 . The bill was of course lost by a majority of 8. moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Slave Trade Abolition bill . and said : —I do not rise , sir , with the vain hope of changing , by any observations of mine , the determination which the house has expressed , in a manner so decided , upon this question , but rather with an anxious wish to record an opinion , grounded on consistent principles , and unaltered by any thing which I have heard upon a subject so interesting and important . In adherence to consistency , which , rather than popularity , is my object , I shall appear to differ more with the prevailing sentiment of the house than some of my hon . friends have done , who have yet united with me in opposition to this measure ; for , after the concessions which they have made upon the points of legality , humanity , and justice , I do not see how we can sit down and deliberate Upon the policy and expediency of keeping open the trade ;