Such , he was bound to admit , could not be the intention of the noble marquis , or of those who supported the motion ; but such was its obvious and necessary direction , and such must be its effect . From these considerations , he was compelled to resist it.—Inconsistent , however , 400 with justice , and with the best principles of the constitution , as this proposition appeared to him to be , it was also objectionable , because the supposition which it implied , even under its most favourable interpretation , was utterly unwarranted by experience . He denied , that there was a pretence for imputing to the august personage , whose name , and whose conduct had been too much brought into discussion , a disposition to listen to secret advisers . That great and distinguished man , who had served his majesty with unrivalled ability , and with signal benefit to his country , during a period of 17 years , had , to his own personal knowledge , rendered ample justice , in this respect , to his royal master ; and to his attestation he thought it incumbent upon him to add his own , founded on an experience of that degree of confidence which fixes the most unqualified , but at the same time the most honourable responsibility on a servant of the crown.—It had however been said , that to resist such a motion would be to excite and justify apprehension and distrust in the minds of the Catholics ; feelings ill suited to the spirit of toleration , and to the benignity , by which his majesty 's whole reign had been so eminently distinguished . The great body of the Catholics , he was persuaded , would not forget the liberal and magnanimous policy , of which they had experienced the advantage since his majesty 's accession to the throne . It was during the present reign , that the penal code , and various disabilities , to which they had been liable for nearly a century , were done away ; and they were therefore fully assured that nothing could be withheld from them in consequence of a want of benevolence on the part of their sovereign . His majesty 's gracious disposition , so long tried , and so frequently manifested , was , they well knew , only restrained and limited by a sense of duty to his whole people , and by his view of the obligations which at the time of his coronation , had been solemnly contracted by himself.—It was not , however , true in fact , as had been stated by a noble lord who had spoken against the original motion , that `` the obstacle to the wishes of the Catholics was to be found in the honourable and conscientious feelings of the king . '' This position he absolutely denied . A decisive obstacle was to be found in the declared opinion of parliament , and in the prevailing and undoubted sentiments and feelings of the people.—What , however , were , in fact , the claims against which the door said is 401 to be shut ? Claims , for the success of which no great degree of solicitude had either been expressed , or could be felt , by the great mass of the catholic community in the united kingdom . It had been said , that the policy of the measure , which had lately been so much discussed , was to substitute a system of conciliation for one of persecution . He was , however , at a loss to conceive , at what period of his majesty 's reign it would now be said that a spirit of persecution had been manifested by the government , or the legislature , towards his majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects . His majesty 's accession had , on the contrary , been , as he had before stated , the æra not only of an enlightened toleration , but of a liberal and enlarged policy towards persons of the Roman Catholic persuasion in every