, state to the house the inability I am under to profit entirely by it . The very voluminous body of evidence and the inability of access to it till a very late period , have prevented my adverting to many of the circumstances which have been stated . I shall , therefore , content myself with addressing only general observations , except on particular parts of the testimony which we are able to collect as most important on the subject : and , in discharging this duty , I shall , on every consideration , most rigidly abstain from every topic which does not directly belong to the duty imposed upon me . I shall endeavour to discharge that duty , as briefly as I am able , from every consideration of duty and of respect to the house , as well as other considerations with which it is , unnecessary for me to trouble you.—Sir , I shall in the first place , state what are the allegations contained in the petition , and then briefly remind you of the evidence you have heard in support of it ; and , on this subject , I am persuaded , whatever judgment the house may finally think proper to pronounce with respect to this petition , I hope I am not too sanguine in expecting , that whatever difference of opinion 24 may prevail on other parts of the subject , yet on one there will be no difference of opinion ; namely , the sincerity of the individual who has presented this petition to the house—the sincere and honest belief of the truth of its contents . I do not expect any credit to be given from any Personal consideration either to any thing I state , or any thing stated , by the individual for whom I have the honor to appear , but I am persuaded every gentleman will see , that a petition of this nature could not have been addressed to the house in common prudence , if there had not been a sincere and honest belief of the truth of its contents ; because , it could not possibly answer any purpose of benefit to the individual who has exhibited it , prematurely to bring under the consideration of this house the merits of that case by which he will be able to support a petition hereafter , to disclose all that he had , or a part of what he had to bring forward upon another occasion , with the probability , .not of having it more advantageously discussed , but he must be fully aware that the wisdom and judgment of this house would infallibly discover it to be so , and that the consequences could . be only ruin and disgrace to him and to his cause ; that the contest must be pursued here with every disadvantage to himself , where his opponent , being of necessity a member of the house , has every opportunity given him to discuss and to question throughout the whole of the proceedings , while he , the other litigant party , is not permitted to stand in the same situation ; that every possible advantage , therefore , would be derived front these circumstances on the one side , and every disadvantage on the other , by prematurely bringing this under consideration was quite obvious . Why , then , was this done ? For what purpose was the petition presented ? For what purpose was this inquiry brought under the consideration of the house in this novel shape ? Why was it done ? Surely , no one will be at a loss to recollect why it was done , when they recollect what was the situation of the petitioner—under what circumstances he stood . This petition was presented after an application had been made with success , to postpone the hearing of the petition which he had previously presented , and for which , he was making preparation , by having served various witnesses with the highest authority to compel their attendance and to ensure their attendance . After he