strike every man how unfit such a man was , at such a crisis , to suggest proper measures for the administration of that country . Upon the whole , his lordship considered the new ministry formed upon such unconstitutional grounds , and so inadequate to their , functions , that if the motion should have the effect to remove them , it would produce an effect at which the country would have reason to rejoice . amidst a loud call for the question from the opposition benches . He was not surprised on a motion brought forward for the purpose of turning out an administration , that those who supported it should wish to drown by clamour what those ministers had to say in their defence . But however reluctant he might be to trespass on the time of the house at that late hour , and , in the exhaust- 342 ed state of the house , he should not be deterred by clamour from offering what he had to urge in his vindication . The noble lord 's speech seemed to place him in a state of retrospective responsibility for counsels which he could not be acquainted with , and for that dismissal which was the consequence of his own suicidal act . If he were to follow the course that had been pursued up to the speech of the noble lord , he should contend , what had not been denied on either side , that this question was an issue between the king and his late ministers . This was the first instance since the time of Charles , that a sovereign had been brought to the bar of parliament . The late ministers had by their own acts rendered their dismissal unavoidable , and he denied that he or any of his colleagues had given any counsel on the occasion , or had intrigued for the purpose of getting into their places . On the contrary , they had laboured to prevent the confusion that ensued from the measures that had been adopted . In whatever way the bill should be disposed of , he did not think it desirable that a change of administration should take place in consequence of it . But , when his sovereign was without a ministry , and had called upon him for his services , he did not conceive himself at liberty to withhold them . Nor did he lament the part he had taken . As to the circumstances that caused a change of government , he did not think that there was any intention to deceive his majesty . He should not impute bad motives to any man ; but though there was no intention to deceive , there was too much misunderstanding in the progress of that transaction . When his majesty had declared that he would not go a step beyond the act of 1793 , it ought to have excited the attention of his ministers , and they should then have distinctly explained what was meant to be conceded by the measure . For his part , he should prefer granting to the Catholics what was refused by the bill , and withholding what the bill conceded . He would sooner give the civil distinction than the sword . As to the call of the noble lord upon him , he should answer , that he did wish to form his conduct on the model of that great man , his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) . The noble lord had assumed that he was of the same opinion with himself on the subject of this bill , but the noble lord had no right to judge of him but from his public votes in parliament . He had given but one vote on his ques- 343 tion , and that was in 1804 , with Mr. Pitt , against the Catholic petition . But the conduct of his late right hon . friend , when he went out of office , because he could not carry the great measure he proposed , could not be better illustrated