ambitions , was not only unjust , but , to the last degree , impolitic . In the mind of my most enlightened friend , at the head of his majesty 's late councils , I know that this objection was so unsurmountable , that the bill was on that principle abandoned in toto , instead of being modified . It was therefore that the bill went beyond the Irish statute , though it was undoubtedly built upon the model of it , and it was so proposed to his majesty , and so offered to the house of commons.—My lords , I purposely avoid the details , because I was no party to them ; but I do not believe that any deception was practised ; no such charge was ever made by the king ; I know it never was . I am willing to argue the matter upon the footing of a misunderstanding , and , for argument 's sake , to the utmost extent which has been or can be stated . What then ? — 358 the moment the misconception was discovered , was not the bill , in deference to his majesty , and in consequence of the misconception , immediately abandoned , and abandoned with the most honourable and a ectionate professions of attachment and respect ? It has been asked in other places , upon what principle the abandonment could be justified , when the measure was professedly introduced upon the principle of expediency and duty ? My lords , the answer is easy . There is a plain difference between even the strongest expediency and imperious necessity . The first was , all circumstances considered , not sufficient to make it such a point of duty , as to abandon the government rather than the measure ; but the second would have rendered that duty absolutely indispensable ; the course pursued , therefore , was surely unexceptionable . They abandoned the measure , but , to mark the principle of the abandonment , they expressed a reservation to govern themselves by future circumstances , in the advice which they might from time to time be called upon to offer to his majesty upon the subject . Without the reservation , the king might have considered , and would have been justly led to consider , his ministers as pledged not to resume the measure in question , nor any other measure of indulgence to the Catholics , though offered under circumstances which could not , from duty to his majesty , enable them to give way to his opinions : and the Catholics might also have been impressed with the same opinion , which , besides the utter dishonour of such a proceeding , would have led to the very discontents which the present conjuncture is so unhappily calculated to produce.—My lords , I was not present when the minute in question was prepared ; but if I had been present , I could have neither given assistance nor resistance , because I could not have assisted in drawing up a statement of what was intended by others , upon a subject on which my own views and opinions were different . But this I can declare , that though upon that ground I might have objected to the reservation altogether , yet I never should have thought of objecting to it , lest such offence should be given to the king by it , as to lead to a dissolution of the government , when I knew the measure had been , from dutiful deference to his opinions , and from the most affectionate personal considerations , wholly put aside and abandoned . Such an idea would have never presented itself to my mind , be- 359 cause it would have been inconsistent with the reverence and respect which I sincerely feel for his majesty , who could not , in my opinion , take just offence at the whole cabinet , because one minister or two had misconceived his sentiments . Their declarations were surely legitimate proof for the rest of his servants to act upon , and what