army , Here could be no possible objection to allow them to serve in the other branch of our varlike establishment , so immediately connected with the prosperity of the country . The difference in the extent of the privileges granted by the two measures was this : the Irish act , while it admitted catholics to hold commissions in the army , did so under certain restrictions , by which , as he had before-mentioned , they were prevented from becoming commanders in chief of the forces , masters general of the ordnance , or generals on the staff . No such restriction was intended to be proposed in the present instance , because it was not believed that such a restriction was founded on any good principles ; for if any danger attended the admission of catholics into the army , it was the duty of the legislature not to restrain , but wholly to exclude them . The same principle which induced his majesty 's ministers to propose the adoption of a similar law for the two countries induced them to propose the abolition of a similar law for the two countries , induced them to propose the abolition of restrictions —consistency ; for there could be nothing more incongruous than the consequences of these restriction , which might be attended with considerable inconvenience to the service . A catholic might , by the Irish act , rise through the regular gradations , and become a field officer : he might become a major , a lieutenant-colonel , a colonel ; in this last capacity , he might have the command of a corps equal in number to that frequently under the orders of officers of superior rank ; he might shew himself eminently qualified for a situation of greater trust ; he might distinguish himself to such a degree as to be called upon by the voice of the army and the people to fill that situation ; but it would be impossible to create him a major-general ! This was a great discouragement to the catholic officer ; it was a greater disadvantage to the country , which , by such a restriction , had lost- the extended services of many a brave and skilful man . Nor did the restrictions form any security against danger , if danger could be supposed to exist . And after all , it must be considered , that the proposed measure only enabled his majesty to appoint such persons to situations of high importance . Their appointment must depend upon the executive government who of course would avoid any dangerous or im- 7 proper use of their authority . In addition to the advantage of enabling the country to avail itself of the whole extent of its population , without any of those restrictions which operated merely to keep up a spirit of discontent , and to damp that ardour which might otherwise be so successfully directed to the public service , the proposed Measure , in addition to these things , provided for all who should enter his majesty 's service the free and unrestrained exercise of their religion , as far as it did not interfere with their military duties . Perhaps it would be said that this might be accomplished in another way , by giving directions to that effect ; but he was apprehensive that this could only be partially done ; besides , the insecurity and instability of such a mode of proceeding would deter catholics entering into the army , and would furnish to those who might be desirous of preventing them , sufficient means of persuasion . Let them have full security in the shape of a clause in an act of parliament : let them have the sanction of the legislature and all doubt would be removed . if there was any possible utility in this provision , when it was considered that it could be attended with no possible inconvenience or danger , he trusted that it would meet with no objection . He had thus stated briefly the objects of the proposed bill . Briefly , because he