the surplus produce be obtained.—That the result was this : it had been held in that house , that a British subject , having embarked his property in a manufacture at home , attended with labour and risk , had a right to expect 10 per cent . as a fair return upon his capital . The colonist , who manufactures sugar in distant islands , is surely entitled to at least as much ; yet 10 per cent . upon a colonial capital , embarked in a sugar plantation , he was ready to prove , would require 25s . to 30s . per cwt . free from all charges whatsoever , upon the sugar produced . Now , what had been , for many years past , the situation of the west India planter ? In 1786 and 1787 , he got about 19s 6d . per cwt . free from charges . 1799 and 1800 , about 10s . 9d . 1803 , before the new tax , about 18s . 6d . after new tax 12s . 6d . 1805 12s . 1806 nothing for the greater part of the crop of 1806 had sold for about 35s . 6d . per cwt . ex duty when 36s . ex duty has been proved to be the cost of producing it—This he considered was a case demanding the consideration of parliament ; for he could produce high authority * for the maxim , that when a class of industrious cultivators are labouring at prices inadequate to their support , the : statesman ought to consider it better that they should be relieved , and the burthen sustained by the whole community , than that it , should fall upon and crush that single class.—He might be asked , what can parliament do ? * Sir J. Stewart 's Political Economy , vol . I. p. 495 . 99 Had they not lately passed a bill for the relief of the trade ? They had indeed passed some regulations tending to encourage an export , but , alas , the door of export was not open ! —He considered that there were various means of relief possible and practicable ; and although obstacles in respect to each presented themselves , those obstacles ought to be considered in relation to the object to be obtained . A small and inconsiderable object deserved to be set aside by almost any serious obstacle ; but the obstacle might be great and weighty , and yet the object might be much more so . He thought that when the distress of this trade came to be considered with attention , and the consequences that might result from that distress traced into all the channels which it was likely to reach , parliament would be of opinion that it deserved to be relieved even at some risk , and at the expense of some sacrifices ; but he would slightly consider the several means of relief which the petition itself suggested.—In respect to the present duty levied on sugar , it was evident that relief might be granted in that respect , even without any sacrifice of revenue , should a forced and extraordinary consumption take place in consequence of the export being stopped . If we consumed an additional million of cwts . ( one third of our whole import ) , which we usually exported , we might evidently abate one third of the duty , and yet not be losers ; but , even were a greater reduction demanded from us , it would be more prudent to support the grower of that which gave the duty , than to levy the tax rigorously to his ruin.—An extra consumption at home in the distilleries or breweries might seem to be now out of the question , since the report of the committee on the subject : the committee , however , had only determined upon the present inexpediency of that measure , and had even recommended that steps should be taken for obviating any obstructions which exist to its future adoption , in case it should become necessary ;