however , at all events , enter my protest most solemnly against the measure of giving a man a situation for life , in order to entice him to occupy another , which may be more fleeting and temporary . ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) wished this resolution had been adopted a year sooner . The house would not taken be in the situation in which it now was , with respect to some of the Irish offices which had been reported as proper , some to be abolished , and some to be reformed , and which could not be touched in either way , on account of the interests of the reversioners . The office of customer and 182 collector of the Port of Dublin , one of those reported as requiring regulation and reform , had been granted in reversion two deep , and consequently could not be touched by the late bill for the retrenchment , reform , and regulation of offices in Ireland , though it had twice fallen vacant within the year , and though it was one of those that most particularly required reform and regulation . approved of the motion , which was perfectly consistent with the principles on which his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) had always acted , and he thought it was a happy omen of what might be expected from the exertions of the committee of which he was chairman . He could not , however , think a mere unauthenticated rumour a sufficient justification for what had been said of an hon . and learned gent . not now present , the whole tenor of whose life had shewn his preference of public principle to private advantage . He could not help observing too , that those who had been most clamorous in cheering the reflections cast on the hon . and learned gentlemen , were members of a family which was loaded with wealth derived from public sinecures . He wished , with the hon . gent . on the floor , that the resolution now before the house had been adopted 40 years ago , and then that family would not now be drawing £60,000 a year from the labour of the public . But however eager they had hitherto been for places and pensions , he was glad that at last they had found it expedient to change their tone . in explanation , allowed that the mere rumour of the day was not a sufficient ground for calling the attention of the house to any thing : but after the allusion made by the noble lord opposite , he thought himself justified in the observations he had offered . As to the rest of what had fallen from the hon . gent . it did not touch him , He was not one of the family which was loaded with wealth derived from the public . If the report was unfounded , what he had said could do no harm : if the report was true , what he had said might do much good . though he approved of the present motion , rose not so much for the purpose of expressing that approbation , as with a view to apologize to the house for not having brought forward the subject himself . He entertained the same opinion with the committee some time ago , and intended to have made a similar motion , and for that purpose had moved for an account of the offices granted in reversion , which was now 183 on the table . He had , he believed , given no notice of his intention , but he had only not proposed the bill before , as he had not been aware of any immediate necessity for it . He had assurances on the subject , and in favour of his view of it , from the noble duke at the head of affairs in Ireland , and from the noble lord here too , to whom the hon . gent . ( Mr Johnstone ) had alluded . He had