lessen that attaohment due to a virtuous sovereign from an affectionate and grateful people , no man can be more anxious than I am to promote and secure it to the utmost of my power . I should indeed be most ungrateful it I could be actuated by a different feeling ; for I have had , during the short period of my services , repeated marks of his majesty 's royal approbation ; and I have the comfort and satisfaction , in retiring from office , to be able to state , upon the authority of his majesty 's own gracious assurance , that , till this difference occurred , his majesty has been satisfied , that however deficient I may have been in ability , I have constantly endeavoured , diligently and faithfully , to discharge my duty to him and to the public.—Sir , I stated in the outset that I would abstain from every thing like argument upon the subject . Upon the subject of the assurance required of us , I have , therefore , without discussing it as to its principle or its tendency , stated little more , than that I felt it to be a requisition , to which I could not subscribe consistently with my honour or my duty . I should indeed think it not only unconstitutional but highly criminal in any minister who could accept of or retain power subject to such a restraint . With that opinion , therefore , his majesty 's late ministers were compelled respectfully but decidedly to declare , that it was a stipulation which they could not enter into , without forfeiting their own esteem , and inasmuch as it must fetter and confine them in the exercise of their judgments , on those points-on which they ought to be most free , without depriving them of the character of useful and honourable servants to their king and their country —Here , sir , I shall for the present leave my conduct to the candid consideration of the house and or the public . I should be anxious , however , if any thing should arise out of this that could induce any gentleman to think it a proper subject fir a motion , when those persons return to their seats , whose presence at the discussion is considered to be necessary , that the question should be taken up with as little delay as possible . I am therefore desirous that the adjournment should be short and I had hoped that Monday se'nnight , by which day the new writs may with ease be returned , would have been proposed for our meeting again ; but the 279 difference of two days is so small , that I do I not feel disposed to press it . I shall therefore consent to the motion , stating only , that I shall be most anxious that the discussion may take place on the earliest possible day after the house shall have concluded its recess said a few words in vindication of himself from the suspicion of being in any way concerned in the partial misrepresentation and suppression of the minutes of the cabinet . Besides , he thought that these minutes might have been very innocently communicated to others , who appear certainly to have made a very improper use of that communication . to ask the noble lord if the Slave Trade Abolition bill had been introduced into that house by the persons composing the late administration , in their individual capacities as members of parliament , or in their collective character of the government replied , that the bill in question had been introduced by certain of his colleagues and himself , in their individual capacity of members of parliament . wished to put another question to the noble lord : were the seals delivered up by the late ministers on Tuesday last ? I have only to repeat what has been already stated , that his majesty required the seals of office on Tuesday : they were delivered in on yesterday morning . gave notice that he would , on