the expedition than if he had himself fitted it out . The noble lord would do him the justice to say , that he had felt no less warmly when it had fallen to him to discharge a debt of the same kind on succeeding the noble lord in moving the vote of thanks for the victory of Maida . He agreed with the noble lord in his observations on all the details of the achievement now under consideration . In every one of those details there was a particular claim to the gratitude of the country . The achievement , considered altogether ; was one of the highest in the highest class of military services . The circumstances that attended it , called for particular notice . The fortress was strong beyond what had been calculated . It was impossible 479 men could be placed in a more trying situation , attacking an almost undiscoverable breach , on which an immense quantity of fire had been brought to bear . These circumstances were of such a nature as to require all the high qualities of the troops which were the subject of the present panegyric . Thus , whether it was considered with respect to the value of the conquest , or the nature of the action by which it was gained , this glorious performance could not be too highly estimated . It was necessary , besides , to observe , that the loss that had been sustained , heavy as it was , had fallen chiefly , not on the whole army , but on that part which was engaged in the storm . It was a loss on 1200 men , not on 4000 , and in proportion as the loss was greater , so was the glory . It was a consolation , though a mournful one , to those whose relations had fallen , that their lives were not thrown away , but that they had been the means of adding greatly to the national glory , and of promoting the most important interests of their country . The merit of our soldiers was greatly enhanced by the gallant defence made by their opponents , stimulated as they were by the influence of their priests , to the most fanatical enthusiasm . At the same time that this powerful resistance enhanced the glory of the conquest , another important effect also would , he trusted , result from it , that the valour displayed by the Spanish troops would inspire their countrymen in Europe with a kindred spirit in resisting the common enemy ; an enemy who , although approaching them under the mask of friendship , was more dangerous than we were in open hostility . If a little of this spirit was displayed in Old Spain , it would be attended with consequences at which Europe would have reason to rejoice . He would say no more . What had been achieved , was beyond the power of him , or any body , to increase by words . said , if he had been pertinacious in offering himself to the house at the same time with the right hon . gent. , he hoped it would be a sufficient excuse to state , first , that he did not see the right hon . gent. , and secondly , he hoped he should be forgiven if he shewed a little tenacity in pressing his claim to the attention of the house , when he mentioned that one of the regiments particularly engaged on this glorious occasion ( the 87th ) , he had himsel the honour of raising . On this account , he naturally wished to raise his voice in paying the common tribute of ap- 480 plause to the glorious deeds now under consideration . He was unwilling that his brave companions in arms , who had followed his fortunes in the last war , should have reason to complain of him for having sat silent when their glory was the theme of admiration , and when he , who was acquainted with their spirit and character from their