which would induce the superabundant population of Ireland to enter into the army and navy , and for such a proceeding the great earl of Chatham had set an important example , when , in order to remove the disaffection of the Highlands of Scotland , then nearly in the same situation as Ireland now was , he held out inducements for the population of those districts to enlist in the army . With regard to the state of Ireland , until the wealthy yeomanry could be interested , by having opportunities of providing for the younger branches of their families , similar to these afforded to the same description of persons in this country , it was in vain to expect that they would exert their influence in recruiting for the army . Besides , those persons who have the charge of religious instruction in that country , will never , with any zeal , encourage men to enter into a service where the exercise of then worship is not protected by law . It was to remove these difficulties that the measure which had been lately withdrawn in the house of commons was introduced to the consideration of 238 parliament . With regard to the general question , I hesitate not to declare it to be my opinion , that the Roman Catholics , by pushing forward their petition at the present moment , have acted highly injurious to their own interests , and to the interests of the empire at large . It was therefore my anxious wish , as well as that of those who acted with me , to devise some means by which the discussion of the general question in parliament might have been prevented , and nothing appeared to us better calculated for that purpose than the bill , which was intended to give to all the subjects of his majesty the right of holding every description of military employment . About fourteen years ago , the parliament of Ireland opened to the Roman catholics the army , with the exclusion only of the rank of commander in chief , master-general of the ordnance , and general of the staff . With these exceptions , his majesty was enabled to give commissions in the army to all his catholic subjects in Ireland ; and there was no doubt , from the construction of the act , that it opened to them the navy also , in so far as the authority of the Irish parliament could extend to that service . As this act , however , could not extend to the catholics in Great Britain , it operated as an obstruction to the removal of the military force from the one country to the other . So absurd , so incongruous a state of law , never existed in any nation in the world . Instead of asking why it is not put an end to , the question ought rather to be , how it is possible that it could have existed so long ? In such a state of things , was it to be wondered that we should endeavour to apply a remedy , and when we were to propose to the catholics in every part of the empire to enter into the army or the navy , we resolved not to make that proposition upon a narrow principle , but to call them to a liberal system of service , and to open to them every rank . Here , however , another point arose , which it was necessary to meet fairly . In the year 1778 the Irish parliament thought proper to open to the Protestant dissenters in Ireland , not only the navy and the army , but all employments whatever . Therefore in 1795 , when it fell to the lot of my noble friend , who was then at the head of the Irish government , to propose the admission Of the catholics into the army and the navy , he had no occasion to enter into any consideration as to the situation of the dissenters . In England , however , the