measure proposed to be adopted . The speech of that noble lord soon became the subject of public conversation , for we know , my lords , that the speeches of members of parliament on important occasions do , by some means or other , get abroad ; but , notwithstanding the publicity of that speech , it was not until the Wednesday following that I was informed of any objection having arisen to the measure . On that day we were for the first time informed , that the impression which we supposed to 242 have been so well founded , had been formed erroneously . This naturally gave rise to an anxious desire for explanation on our part ; and here permit me to observe , that while they who know nothing of what passed , presume to say that we have been guilty of fraud and concealment , his majesty , who knows all that did take place , has the goodness to declare , that the difference which has arisen was only a difference on principle , and that all that had passed , on every occasion , was strictly honourable . This , my lords , is a declaration of great importance to me , were it only to prove the Sentiments which prevail in the royal breast ; but how muds more important is it to me when it serves at the same time to repel the foul calumny with which I have been assailed . In this situation of affairs we adopted a resolution , which , of all these transactions , I confess it would he for me the most difficult to justify , and which nothing but the mistaken impression which we had fallen into could excuse . We determined to withdraw the bill . On the Friday I intimated to his majesty the sacrifice we had resolved to make . At first we intended to reduce the bill to the same provisions as the Irish bill of 1793 ; but , upon examination , we found that impracticable , as it would then have appeared in a shape to which unanswerable objections would have been made . We then informed his majesty , that we were determined to make a still more complete sacrifice , and to drop the bill altogether . Perhaps it may be thought that we went too far , but after the mistake which had occurred , is was our wish to accommodate , as much as possible , our actions to his majesty 's feelings . But when we did allow the bill to fall to the ground , though we did not mean to propose any other measures than those which his majesty approved , we thought it necessary to reserve to ourselves the right of stating our opinion of the great benefits which we were persuaded might be derived front pursuing a different line of policy—of openly avowing these sentiments in the event of the catholic petition being presented—and of submitting to his majesty from time to time , for his decision , such measures as we might think it adviseable to propose . I have placed an emphasis on these words , `` for his decision , '' because you will perceive , my lords , that they are left out in the publication to which I have alluded , evidently for the purpose of making it appear that we meant to force upon his majesty measures contrary to his feelings and his conscience.—I come now , 243 my lords , to state a circumstance which placed his majesty 's government in a situation in which it was impossible it could stand , as it would have been divested of all constitutional responsibility . The answer to the representation made to his majesty , expressed regret that such a difference of opinion should have arisen , and required a written declaration that we should propose no farther concessions to the catholics . After all that had passed , a more painful situation could not have arisen . I beg of you , my lords , to consider what are the duties of