breach of the law , he would ask , whether it was fair to place the catholics in such a situation , and to pass that over by connivance , which the law forbad , instead of giving it a legal sanction ? The hon . and learned gent . had professed himself a friend to the principle of toleration ; but toleration , to be complete , must be free from any exclusion whatever , and the only true principle of exclusion , on account of religious opinions , was , when these opinions were connected with political principles hostile to the state ; but when this ceased to exist , he would contend that then all , disqualifications ought to cease . The hon . gent . who spoke last had contended , that the catholics were only excluded from political power , but was not that an important object ? For , how could civil rights be secured to any considerable degree ? without the possession of political power ? And must not such persons as were disqualified from the acquisition of political power , feel discontented ? And ought-such exclusions to be considered as necessary , unless when danger would arise from conferring them ? But in granting the present boon , no such danger would arise . The Irish parliament had already sanctioned the Measure , and formed the precedent . It was-true , that Irish catholics might at present enter as soldiers and sailors ; but a clause in this bill was provided to grant them security for the free exercise of their religion , and it would afford the catholic officers a greater facility of recruiting for the army and navy . When his hon . friend ( Mr. Mountague ) had carried , his alarm so far as to doubt whether this bill would not change the navy into a religious disputing club , and that when all hands where piped , the ship would become a scene of religious controversy ; he must say that he could not treat such an argument with his accustomed gravity ; but it was reserved for this night 's debate to assert that the way to excite religious debate was to soften down differences . His hon . friend had reminded the house of the year 1780 , and the fires which were then lighted up . He well remembered that disgraceful scene : but what was the cause ? Was it in consequence of the catholics having had new privileges granted them , that they 20 stirred up division ? Was it not rather , on the contrary , that a certain person ( some what in the spirit which had discovered itself that night ) had made use of inflammatory language , which had produced the fatal effect ? When his hon . friend spoke of the danger to which this house might be exposed , he had only to request of his hon . friend not to promote that danger , by unnecessary alarms : for himself he entertained no such apprehensions . After the extinction of the riots in 1780 , when liberty was granted to the catholics , and when the question of similar concessions with the present was agitated in that house , no such consequences ensued ; nor would they , at the present , unless the spirit of bigotry should again excite false alarms of dangers , without reality , so as to excite an attack upon men 's lives and properties . He declared no man was a more sincere friend to the protestant church of England than himself ; but he did not think that the best way of supporting it was by pains , penalties , and exclusions ; but on the contrary , by moderation and candour . The present he considered to be a beneficial measure , and that not only to the catholics but to the country at large , .and on the principle of general advantage ; nor did he consider that there was any thing diigraceful in making concessions , when occasion required . He only wished this measure