majesty 's servants , and to which a representation was returned . I am sure , my lords , there is no man into whose hands that representation may have fallen , but must regard it as a most dutiful and respectful address , such as was fit to be presented to the best of sovereigns by his servants . On that representation his majesty was pleased to give orders that the bill might be submitted to parliament . A dispatch was immediately sent to Ireland , in order that his majesty 's consent having been obtained , it might be communicated to the catholics . At the conference which took place in consequence of this proceeding between the government of Ireland and certain persons , who possess great influence with the catholic body , a question was asked , whether the rank of general of the staff , and other employments , from which the catholics were excluded by the act of 1793 , were to be laid open to them ? The answer given on the part of his majesty 's government in Ireland was , that from the words of the dispatch they understood that the catholics were to be allowed to hold every rank in the army and the navy . The lord lieutenant 's dispatch , containing the account of this conference , was , as all such dispatches are , communicated to his majesty , and by him returned without any comment . In answer to it , another dispatch was sent to Ireland , for the purpose of giving full information of the nature of the measure to the catholics , which was also laid before his majesty . This dispatch contained copies of the clauses of the bi11 , and a re- 241 mark was subjoined , that these clauses laid open the army and navy to the Roman catholics , and enabled the lord lieutenant to answer the question , which had been put on that point in the affirmative . After all that I have stated has taken place , what must be the feelings of men who read in libellous publications assertions openly made of their having deceived his majesty . For God 's sake , my lords , let us stand clear of this foul calumny . Let us not be unjustly accused , I will not say of deceiving our amiable and benevolent sovereign , but of obtaining from any man by fraudulent means , his consent to a measure which he disapproved . I have stated what was the understanding of my colleagues on this subject , and , in particular , of a noble viscount , who had a principal share in all the transactions ; and a man of a more refined and punctilions sense of honour than lord Howick does not exist . It fell to the lot of that noble lord to receive those official directions which he understood authorised him to submit the measure to the consideration of parliament . Here , indeed , a difference of opinion arose between the person to whom the question was addressed and the person who asked it , as to the impression which the answer ought to have produced . This much however , I can say , that the person who asked the question came away with the impression that the permission solicited was granted . I was waiting almost at the door of the chamber in which the conference took place , and I witnessed the effect of the recent impression on the mind Of lord Howick . He stated to me , that he had obtained permission to introduce the bill , On my entering into the chamber immediately after , I forbore to allude to what was considered a delicate subject , and not a word was said to me respecting the conference Which had just taken place with lord Howick . This conversation occurred on Wednesday the 4th of March : on the Thursday or Friday following , with that perspicuity which is peculiar to him , lord Howick explained to the house of commons the nature of the