and he considered the pledge demanded as highly unconstitutional . began by observing , that he fell under the same embarrassment as the noble earl who had just spoken , from the want of proper documents . This deficiency was in itself a sufficient parliamentary ground for refusing to assent to the motion of his noble relation . No motion , he said , pretending to be grounded upon facts , ought to be entertained , unless it rests either upon facts notorious , or admitted on all sides , or proved by documents on our table . The nature of the present case admits of no such proof : it rests upon statements of the contents of dispatches which we have not seen ; of the contents of confidential communications between the king and his cabinet , which are not , and can not be before us : and upon the relation , not so much of the terms of confidential conversations between the same parties , as of the impression which such conversations made upon the minds of those who held them . Such are the documents on which we are called upon to assent to a motion , which , grounding itself solely upon the defence brought forward by one party , is in fact ( though I trust not in intention ) an accusation against the other ; a motion which places your lordships in a situation , equally unknown to the theory and the practice of the constitution , equally alien from your legislative and judicial functions , the situation of sitting in judgment upon the personal conduct of your sovereign . I am well aware that the mention of his name within these walls is in itself disorderly , but the nature of this question renders it impossible to be avoided . More need not be said to prove at once the indecorous and unparliamentary character of the debate into which we are driven . I shall not however forget the doctrine laid down in another place by what is now the highest authority in this house , that the right which necessity creates , necessity limits . So far at least it will be agreed on all sides , that before we determine to assert an abstract proposition , for the declared 367 purpose of applauding the late ministers , and with the direct effect of censuring our sovereign , we ought to examine ( as far as the imperfect lights we have can admit ) how far that abstract proposition can be applied to the present case , considered in all its bearings and with all its circumstances . It would ill beome us , in any cause , much more in one so extraordinary in its complexion , so momenous in its consequences , to content ourselves with taking up the transaction nearly at its close . We must consider what were the steps which led to that close , what was the necessity which left no other issue . It is not enough to say , a pledge was demanded ; no minister ought to give a pledge ; the king has dismissed his ministers for refusing it ; therefore the ministers were right , and the king was wrong . A mutual confidence between the sovereign and his servants appears so indispensable to the good conduct of public business , that when once there is so little confidence on either side , that the ministers are reduced to demand a pledge from their king , or the king from his ministers , there seems little option left , but for him to dismiss them , or for them to resign . What is the mode best calculated to preserve this necessary confidence ? A clear and distinct explanation of proposed measures on one side , and an unreserved communication of opinions on the other . If ever there was a question upon which such clear and distinct explanation was peculiarly necessary , it was that lately in discussion . It was a question upon which the sentiments of a majority of his majesty 's servants were known by themselves