, but his majesty might think proper at different times to reward services done to different branches of the constitution . The most distinguished service of that learned lord was the famous resolution proposed by him in the house of commons , `` that the influence of the crown had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished . '' Such a person having received that appointment , under such an administration , had led him to think that the present motion would not have been seconded or supported by the representatives of the Whig principles in that house , and that it would not have received the countenance of an administration whose first act had been , not merely to advise the king to any due exercise of his prerogative , but to introduce into parliament a measure , by which a noble lord was enabled to hold two situations constitutionally incompatible with each other . The arguments of the hon . gentlemen opposite were applicable against every grant of an office for life , as well as his own ; they were applicable to that exception from the practice so loudly boasted by the late administration , of withholding reversionary grants , in which the chancellor , to reward the private meritorious services of an individual , had procured for him the reversion for life of a lucrative situation . Surely , if the clerk of a barrister was not an improper person on whom to confer such a grant , it seemed extraordinary that he ( Mr. Perceval ) should be considered so . Although he acquitted his learned friend of any improper intentions , he should leave it to the house to consider , whether this motion arose from any large and general view of the subject , or whether 200 it was not directed solely against him ; he did not mean to say personally , but from his being supposed to have facilitated the arrangements for a new administration . It would therefore be a serious subject for the consideration of the house , whether in present state and crisis of the country , and when all the circumstances connected with the new arrangement were before them , when they recollected that the object of forming a new administration was to preserve the establishments of the country , and perhaps the religion of it , whether they would be disposed to throw any difficulties in the way of his majesty in forming a new administration , when he conceived that in so doing he was only labouring to preserve the constitution of the country . Having said thus much , he thought that he ought to leave the subject to the discretion and judgment of the house , and that as it particularly related to himself he should withdraw , after having put the house in possession of his sentiments ; but before he withdrew , he should repeat , that whatever might be their determination on the subject of the duchy of Lancater , and whatever sacrifices he might be called upon to make , no services that he could be called upon to render to his majesty should in the present situation of affairs be withheld.—Mr . Perceval then made his bow , and left the house . rose merely to vindicate himself from the charge that , was yesterday brought against him , of making a statement in that house on the mere authority of an idle rumour . It appeared now , from what had fallen from the right hon . and learned gent . that his statement had been perfectly correct , and that if it had not been for the notice taken of it last night in the house , the business would have gone too far to remedy it , and the right hon . gent . would have now been in the possession of the two , places . He did not pretend to deny the merit of the right hon . gent. , or mean any thing personal against him , but he had a great objection to the principle of giving a