Thursday fortnight , move certain Resolutions expressive of his opinion of the conduct of the late administration , and of the grounds upon which his majesty had been advised to dismiss his late servants . to make two observations on what had fallen front the noble lord ( Howick ) first , in respect to the act of 1793 , and what passed at that time in Ireland . The noble lord said that the Government of that day had pledged itself to carry into effect the boon granted to the Irish Catholics to England . The noble lord was mistaken ; something only was held out , that possibly this boon might at a future day he extended to Great Britain , nothing more ; there was no pledge whatever Besides , all that was granted to the Irish Catholics was the holding commissions in the army to a certain rank . But the noble lord 's proposition went much farther ; it extended to the highest ranks in the army—commander in chief , masters general of the 280 ordnance , generals on the staff ; these were not in the Irish act of 1793—He must make another observation on what the noble lord advanced in respect to the state of Ireland ; for the noble lord gave as a reason for the introducing the catholic bill , the alarming state of Ireland . The hon . general said he had often heard allusions made by gentlemen now on that side of the house , in respect to the state of Ireland , allusions which tended more to inflame the public mind , and to inculcate fancied notions of distress , which in fact did not exist , rather than to soften or relieve any distress , if it had existed . He wished , before gentlemen quitted that house for the holidays , that they should know the real situation of the great body of the people in Ireland , for the fact was , they were already emancipated ; the peasantry , the lower class—nay the middle classes , were in the same state of that description of persons in England ; there was ant an iota of difference between the richest members tenants , of that house and his own or any gentleman 's tenants in Ireland : they had 10s . freeholds ; could vote for members of parliament ; could sit on Juries ; could hold the commission of the peace , and every office ( except those of the lord chancellor and the Judges , commander in chief , and general on the staff ) was open to the Irish at this moment . So that in fact , the great body of the people had nothing to complain of , nothing to gain by the noble lord 's measure , nor did they care or think about it . These were matters of fact not generally understood or known by the English gentlemen , and therefore he thought it right that the house should not separate without these observations.—It was then ordered that the House should at its rising adjourn to Wednesday the 8th of April . The house met pursuant to adjournment About twenty peers were sworn in , and took their places . An interval then succeeded of apparently much suspense , when it was expected that the order of the day would he moved , for the marquis of Stafford 's motion respecting the recent change of administration . After some consultation , however , between lords Holland , Grenville , Stafford , & c. and said , that in consequence of the indisposition of 281 many noble lords , who were anxious to attend the debate upon the motion of which he had given notice for that day , he was desirous to afford every accommodation in his power for their attendance . In that persuasion of the existing circumstances respecting these noble persons , he should move , that the order of the day for taking that motion into consideration that day be discharged , and that a new order be made for the entertaining the same