of fact . An allusion had been made to a supposed pledge given by Mr. Pitt on the Catholic question previous to his coming into office in 1804 ; but if such a report was well founded , it was clear that some person had been the bearer of the pledge of Mr. Pitt , who then was out ; and if so , it was obvious that secret influence and agency had been employed in removing the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) from power in 1804 . Next , with respect to the misunderstanding which had prevailed on the subject of the bill brought into parliament , he would say little . It was not doubted that such a misunderstanding existed , and this circumstance alone could have led him to concur in its being withdrawn . But when the bill was withdrawn , and that sort 415 of amende honorable made with respect to it , he could not see with what propriety a discussion of that measure was necessary to decide the present question . With respect to the bill itself , it was well known that its principle , indeed in a much larger extent , had received the approbation of almost all the leading men in this country . Mr. Pitt had expressed himself in the strongest terms as to the policy , nay the necessity of catholic concession . Another person of the most extraordinary talents , Mr. Burke , had , to his last moment , earnestly recommended the repeal of all the disabilities in the Catholic body . Was it not shameful , then , that an outcry should be raised against the late ministers as enemies to the church , for proposing part of what Mr. Pitt and so many others had so much approved of ? Nay , several of those in the new ministry , and connected with it , had entertained similar sentiments , and he left it to the noble viscount . ( Melville ) to argue the policy of the measure with those of the new ministry , who attempted to raise clamours and disturbance on pretence of danger from popery on account of this measure . The noble lord then touched on some observations made on the minute of the cabinet , in which they reserved the right to submit to his majesty whatever advice respecting the Catholics circumstances might require . He was surprized to hear the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) say that it would be unconstitutional for any member of the crown to vote in parliament in favour of any measure that had not the king 's approbation . But , surely , nothing was more unfounded . It would not be pretended that Mr. Pitt had the king 's permission to vote on the slave trade , or to propose parliamentary reform . As to the reservation contained in the cabinet minute presented to the king , at most it was superfluous , because it seemed only what was their duty to do , but in fact , if they had not made the reservation , it would have been said that they had deceived the king , in agitating matters he had thought to he abandoned . He now came to say a few words of the new ministers , and however amiable some of them might be in private life , or however qualified to shine in either house of parliament , it could not be forgotten , that a twelvemonth ago they had considered themselves incapable . But , when to this was added , that they came in upon unconstitutional grounds , the reason to regret the change was greatly strengthened . It had been asked , however , Would you take from the king 416 the prerogative of choosing his own ministers , and give it to the parliament ? No , surely ; but parliament might give its advice on this as well as every other subject , and a more important occasion for doing so never occurred . Allusion had been made to the case of 1784 , and an appeal made to his