not to give his majesty advice on any particular subject . It was said , that this was dragging the king before parliament , and sitting in judgment upon him . This doctrine had been most ably answered by several of his noble friends who had already spoken , and particularly by his noble and learned friend ( lord Erskine ) who had delivered a speech of so much ability and constitutional information , that to those most familiar with his eloquence , it seemed to excel any of his former exhibitions . If , however , he understood any thing of the constitution of this country , its freedom , its tranquillity , nay its safety , were involved in the maxim , that the king could do no wrong ; which the doctrines on the other side tended completely to overthrow . He was much surprised to find that his noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) had given countenance to such doctrines , and had maintained that there were circumstances in which the king was his own adviser , and instanced the remarks on measures submitted by the cabinet . But surely this was no proof that the king could act without a responsible adviser , but the contrary . If ministers , after receiving such remarks and suggestions , thought proper to adopt and act upon them , most undoubtedly they became responsible . In no instance whatever did the constitution presume the king to be without a responsible adviser . A stronger instance than the case of lord Danby could not be conceived . That was a case when lord Danby had been engaged in something relative to a negociation ; but it might have been a matter in which the king 's conscience might have been concerned . Yet , though the king , in the most authentic manner , and not in any garbled extract of a cabinet minute published in a newspaper , expressed his opinion and satisfaction of lord Danby 's conduct ; though the king took the seals and gave them to the purse-bearer to affix to the pardon , yet the house of commons voted , that lord 414 Danby 's defence , pleading the king 's commands , was an aggravation of his offence , as it tended to hold up the king to public odium . Who , then , are the persons responsible for every act of the king ? Those surely who publicly appear and give effect to the views of the king . It was not necessary therefore to seek for secret advisers . Those who gave effect to the resolutions of the king , were responsible ; and if a contrary principle were once to be sanctioned , and to be supposed the law of the land , the constitution was at an end , the functions of parliament were a jest . Nothing more would be necessary than to make any public measure a question of conscience , and from that moment acts might be done for which there was no responsibility . Parliament had , in every case , in the exercise of the king 's legislative authority , as well as every other , always presumed that he acted by advice , and they had addressed him , to know who were his advisers . In the present case the pledge of itself , though highly unconstitutional was little in comparison with the principle that the king can do no wrong ; which must be totally subverted if it was established that acts could be done , from which the most important consequences proceeded , and yet there were no responsible advisers.— The noble lord here proceeded to illustrate these positions , and alluded to the letters under the signature of Scævola , which had appeared in the Morning Chronicle on the subject . Sir William Temple had told the king that he doubted whether it were not a contradiction to suppose that he could make counsellors that were not to counsel . What sir W. Temple thought a contradiction , the appointment of the present ministers seemed to render matter