we fall , too , in so doing , under the censure of the hon . member for Bedford , ( Mr. Whitbread ) who thinks that in the debate we have `` given too much into cool discussion . '' In which reprehension he includes , I presume , the noble lord ( Howick ) who introduced bill into the house , and . the noble lord ( H. Petty ) who sits upon the same bench , and who certainly did not , either of them , encourage that declamatory tone which has too much prevailed in this debate . The hon . member himself took care nut to copy their 115 error , for he asked us whether it was necessary that we should prove that robbery and murder are unlawful ? Certainly we need not trouble the hon . gent . for such proof , but if might have been as well if he had shewn how robbery and murder are to be prevented by this bill ; in what . sense it is calculated to do good rather than mischief , to confer benefits adequate to the evils it inflicts , and the risques it imposes upon humanity . The hon . member has intimated a conjecture , that the crimes attendant upon the Slave Trade in the West Indies have provoked the judgments of God , and that the hurricanes to which those climates are subject ore the signals of his vengeance . Sir , these is much moral and physical evil in the world , but it is a bold and rash attempt in any mortal to impute that evil as a judgment of Providence upon the heads on which it may chance to fall . Where an individual perishes in the actual commission of a crime , we may be allowed to draw a profitable lesson from so striking an incident ; but where calamities consistent with the course of nature extend themselves over large districts , and afflict persons of various descriptions , there is something peculiarly rash in pronouncing that the sufferers are the victims of divine justice . I am better acquainted with the history of Jamaica than with that of any other island in the West Indies . Jamaica has been for 20 years free from hurricanes , that period no way marked by a forbearance as to the purchase or labour of slaves In 4 years , nearly successive , hurricanes have visited that island , and have specially deso lated one of its districts—that district and those years not chargeable with any extraordinary concern with the slave trade . Those calamities have swept away large fleets of British ships returning from conquest over the enemies of their country , in nowise participating in the slave trade ; and , what is still more worthy of remark , I do not find that any corresponding judgment has , at those periods , fallen upon British legislators and statesmen , the authors and promoters of the slave trade , who , as I shall shew , did not make their acts of parliament in ignorance , but knew well what they were doing ; neither upon them , nor upon the nation whose affairs they administered , did such judgments attach ; but , on the contrary , the era in which the slave trade was authorized and encouraged by the British legislature was one of distinguished prosperity in that country , one in inch she became the envy of the world.— Another observa- 116 tion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) I will just notice . `` All has been assertion , '' he says , `` on our side , against facts proved on theirs '' I did not expect this remark from the hon . gent . or from those who vote with him on this subject ; for I contend , on the contrary , that the main facts on which the question depends have been asserted over and over again on their side , and never proved . I allude more particularly to their assertions , that the wars