treat the Catholics of Ireland in the way they had been treated by the late ministers , they would be greatly satisfied . He would not say they would be altogether satisfied without power , but they would be so far satisfied as to fight the French , which is what is very much to be desired . By conceding to them the advantages they would have derived from the late bill , it gave them what he might call with the poet— '' the pride , pomp , and circumstance of glorious war . '' It made them in some sort congenial with ourselves , and thereby gave them an enthusiasm which they could not , under the present circumstances , be supposed to possess . The Catholics , he said , had been remarkable for their loyalty ; in proof of which , he cited the preambles of the act of the 14th of the king , and several others , which went to that effect . It had been said that we ought to be careful in preserving the acquisitions of the church , and that by favouring the Catholics we should injure the church . His answer to that was , that formerly when the Protestants were engaged against the Catholics , the disputes were altogether between themselves ; but now the French were engaged against the whole , and against that common enemy all had to contend . If they were joined with the Catholics , there was every favourable prospect and probability that they would conquer ; if , on the contrary , they fought without them , and should be beaten in the battle , they would not be beaten by the Catholics , but by their own prejudices ; which deprived them of their assistance . These circumstances required the most serious and attentive consideration . It had been said that his majesty had been deceived as to the nature , operation , and extent of the bill in question . He was at a loss to find out how this could be . It appeared that on the 2d of Match , the ministers sent all the clauses in the bill for his majesty 's perusal , and they were afterwards returned to them without any objection . The bill was then given up ; so that there could be no deception of his majesty on that point . With respect to the pledge , it was impossible they could accede to it , without incurring the greatest disgrace . They must have renounced 323 the principles of the whole of their former life . They must have relinquished the office of counsellors and the high character of statesmen , and have become the mere creatures of salary . If tied up not to present their opinions to the king , they would have given up what former ministers had never done ; for many privileges had been granted to the Catholics , which they had petitioned for at various periods of time and been denied , but which privileges had , at a subsequent period , been granted to them . For this , various reasons might be assigned , according to the different circumstances of the times . He would suppose a French army should be landed in Ireland : would it not be natural to suppose , that privileges might then be granted which had previously been refused ? Ministers , in pledging themselves not to bring the case of the Catholics under the consideration of his majesty , would have forfeited their duty as officers , and their principles as statesmen . He entirely approved the conduct of the late minister , because he thought it that of a great statesman . He had seen the effects of a former administration , whose conduct had been different towards the Catholics against whom the press in Ireland was continually loaded with points and paragraphs , which were good composition , but bad sense , till they stung and goaded the people almost to madness . If we joined issue with the Catholics , we should fight against ourselves