, that no difference of opinion that existed on other points could make it less grateful to him ( lord C. ) to acknowledge and do justice to the merits of persons called into action by his recommendation than if those .persons had been appointed by himself . He was sure that only one sentiment prevailed as to the merit of the service rendered , whether the importance of the acquisition was considered , or the nature of the execution . Though the force engaged was of a limited number , yet this was one of those military efforts which entitled those who had performed it , to the best thanks of the country . In respect to the amount of military excellence , no enterprise could be better selected than this in particular to mark with the most distinguished approbation . In the sort of attack that it had been necessary to make , the highest qualities of soldiers , the steadiest discipline , and the most undaunted firmness and bravery were conspicuously displayed . The assault was made under every disadvantage , and it was only by their eminent superiority in these great qualities that the British troops had been able to overcome all the obstacles opposed to them , and render themselves masters of the place . The breach had been in itself less practicable than was supposed , and had been rendered by the enemy , in the course of the night preceding the assault , so extremely inaccessible , that when the troops , which had been wisely sent forward before break of day , approached , they found it scarcely discernible : their discipline and firmness were put to the most trying test , by their being obliged to remain a long time exposed to the fire of the enemy 's guns , before they could ascertain the breach , or attempt to enter it . The house would feel , that in expressing its thanks on the present occasion , it was discharging a debt of gratitude . The discharge of that debt would at the same time have the effect of giving additional spirit and enterprise to the army and the navy , to emulate the exploits that were so honourably distinguished . He should not trespass further on the house in a case where every feeling was already prompt to 478 answer the call that was made , but he could not suppress an expression of regret for the officers who had fallen in this glorious enterprise , and whose loss must cast a gloom over the joy the achievement inspired . The country had suffered a severe loss in the distinguished and gallant officers who had fallen . But it was the misfortune of war , that no important services could be rendered without similar losses ; and the glorious nature of the achievement , and the Importance of the service rendered in this case , must be to the friends of those with whose blood it was purchased , as well as to the country , to whom the loss of such men was no less deplorable , a consolation under affliction which would otherwise be inconsolable , He concluded with moving , `` That the thanks of the house be given to brigadier-general sir S. Auchmuty , for the skill and gallantry displayed by him in taking the important fortress of Monte Video . '' said , that after the forcible manner in which the noble lord had conveyed the general feeling , he felt it rather a trespass on the house to offer any thing further . He could not pretend to any share in the glory of the brilliant achievement now under the consideration of the house , merely for his being in the office of secretary of state for the war department when the expedition was fitted out . But having turned his mind particularly to the outset and the operations of this expedition , he felt a natural disposition to say a few words on the occasion . He was sure the noble lord Opposite did not feel less warmly upon the success of