; so that there was quid pro quo , which was allowed in the civil law to be a formal ratification of any compact or bargain . '' He recollected the debate , and believed that the sentiments he had taken from 94 the reporters of the day were those delivered by Mr. Fox . The petition of the sugar refiners was rejected , and the house gave its confirmation to the doctrines he had advanced . The complaint which the refiners addressed to the public on that occasion ( and in which the public became interested parties ) , was , that the colonies barely and scantily supplied the home consumption of sugar , and furnished no materials for foreign trade , which it was alledged was the advantage to which this country ought to look ; the colonies appear to have taken the hint , and to have profited by the lesson then given them . In 1781 the export of sugar to all parts , excepting Ireland , was Cwt . equal to about 111,095 1791 it was 267,213 1798 783,698 1799 it fell , in consequence of acts hereinafter mentioned , to 237,062 1802 , after the repeal of those acts , it was 1,744,263 1805 , it consequence of ob- structed exports , it was 960,296 Thus it appeared that the colonies had accomplished the object which the British public demanded of them , and had not only amply supplied our own consumption , but furnished us with a large surplus for our foreign trade . In 1791 an event happened , which appeared to throw a momentary gleam over the fortunes of the British colonies , but which , however , had , in reality , he thought , contributed to their distresses ; the destruction of St. Domingo caused a considerable advance in the prices of sugar , and other colonial produce , and occasioned in this country much clamour among the public on account of those prices . The public became anxious for new sources of supply , and the East Indies were looked to ; it was not considered that our East India possessions are not colonies , nor subject to our control , and subservient to our views as such . Lord Melville had pronounced , in a letter to the Directors , * his opinion that they never could be considered as colonies , for the reason that we could not command their exclusive trade . He did not mean to give more importance to the cultivation of sugar in India than it deserved ; its consumption in this country appeared to be annually from 50 to 60,000 cwt. , but its consumption in Europe , * Letter of the right hon . H. Dundas , the chairman of the East India Company , 15th April , 1793 . 95 which had first been promoted and encouraged by us , was something more ; and its consumption , both here and elsewhere , was probably now kept down by the excessive low prices of colonial produce ; but , as a principle affecting our colonial system , the admission of East India sugar into our consumption , on the terms on which it now stands , could not be justified ; and he would cite , on that subject , the opinion of a committee of the Court of Directors themselves , extracted from a report under the date of March 1802 , and in which the following passage occurs : — '' It may become a question hereafter , how far the importation of sugar from the East , which leaves a loss to the importer , and the first cost of which is paid for by silver from hence , shall be encouraged to the prejudice of the West India sugar , the cost of which is either spent by the proprietor in the mother country , or paid for by the manufactures or stores exported from home ; for silver is often received from the islands , but seldom sent thither . The balance of trade is , as it always must be in future ,