or thirty years ago , when I commenced merchant , had I canvassed both houses of parliament for an opinion how a mercantile capital could be adventured in foreign commerce the most advantageously to the public , nine out of every ten would have advised me to embark it upon the cultivation of the colonies ; and in this reign two acts have been passed , encouraging loans , one from British subjects and one from foreigners , for that purpose ; and yet , in this very reign , the security of those who lent money in faith of those acts , is , without compensation , to be violated ; for an estate that may be at any time cultivated by the purchase of negroes ( whether more or less of that description be now upon it ) is , in the West India colonies , a valid security ; but land deprived of that privilege and use , is not so . I can not , sir , but look with despondency to the effect this example must have upon commercial confidence and credit . You will still , I doubt not , have your loan contractors , your lottery contractors , your barrack contractors , and the swarms that hang upon your revenue departments may increase perhaps as the matter they have to feed upon will diminish ; but the ardent and adventurous spirit which has created and sustained the commercial character of this country , which has 'raised other fruits beneath another sun , ' and rendered every quarter of the world the theatre of British industry , and the source of British wealth , can exist only under an uniform and consistent protection from the legislature , and , wanting that , must expire.—I have , sir , now only a few words to address to my hon . friends connected with the colonies , who have given their support to this bill . Let me ask them what is their situation before it passes , and what will be their situation when it is passed ? They have now a long series of legislative authorities to refer to , in support of those establishments and 131 that cultivation on which their property has been embarked . To-morrow those establishments , and that cultivation , will be as it were under an interdict , and as reprobated by the legislature . My hon . friends have , I know , taken up their opinions on conviction , and have rejected with scorn that adulation which has been offered to them , as of a distinct character and class from their fellow colonists . If they could possibly have felt any complacency in that distinction , they must know that to-morrow that too will lose its value . My hon , friends will not believe that I speak my own sentiments , for I acknowledge no guilt imputable to any of us ; but those who call us all guilty may look upon them as participes criminis , useful while retained as evidences , or detached from their accomplices , but , when the cause is over , subject to the indifference , not to use a stronger term , which generally attends that description of persons . Are my hon . friends flattering themselves ( I know that some of them have so done ) that here the matter ends , and that , in future , the colonist will enjoy his property without molestation ? Have they not heard , sir , is not the alarm-bell of further innovation yet ringing in their ears , have they not heard a young nobleman , of great hope , and of the highest connections in this country , announce a measure tending directly to emancipation ? That young nobleman will be treated like a gallant soldier who outsteps the line , and anticipates the charge ; but the line is advancing , and the charge will soon be made . Where then will my honorable friends take their stand ? Are they pledged to go all lengths , or are they , by a late