W H. Fellowes , esq . Cecil Forrester , esq . R. Manners , esq . E. M. Mundy , esq . hon . J. W. Grimston , John T. P. B. Trevanion , esq . R. Holt Leigh , esq . Nominees ; sir J. Dashwood King , bt . right hon . N. Bond . stated , that he held in his hand a Petition from the hon , Andrew Cochrane Johnston , late colonel of the 8th West India Regiment , and governor of the Island of Dominica . Before he opened the subject of it , he thought it proper to explain to the house , that he had not the honour of the petitioner 's acquaintance . He never saw him until yesterday , when he had a few minutes conversation with him . The petition , he understood , had been offered to several members who had declined presenting it . In conformity with a principle which he had laid down for himself , he thought it his duty to present it , at the same time he begged to be understood as not being in the smallest degree pledged to the truth of the allegations contained in it . The Petition was then presented and read . It stated , `` That the petitioner , previous to the month of October , 1803 , had served as an officer in the army , upwards of twenty years ; that-he had risen in regular gradation , from the rank of ensign to that of colonel ; that of his time of service , thirteen years had been spent upon foreign stations , frequently under circumstances of great fatigue and danger ; and , that , during the whole of the said service , he had never , upon any occasion , incurred the censure or displeasure of any one of his superiors , but had generally the satisfaction to meet with 71 their marked approbation . That brevet promotions in the army are made according to seniority of rank , and that for an officer to be passed over in such promotion is a deep disgrace to him . That , in the afore said month of October , 1803 , a brevet promotion of major-generals took place , in which promotion the name of your petitioner was purposely omitted . That , sensible of the disgrace thus inflicted on him , and conscious that the infliction was unjust , he immediately applied to His Royal Highness the Duke of York , then and now commander-in-chief of his Majesty 's forces , to know the cause of punishment so severe and unexpected . That it was upwards of two months before he received any answer that all to this application , and that he Was then informed of the cause of his punishment , by a letter from the Duke of York , dated on the 10th of December , 1803 , containing the following words : — `` It is an invariable rule of the service , not to include in any general brevet promotion , an officer ( whatever may be his rank ) against whom their exist charges , the merit of which has not been decided ; but , whenever an investigation shall have taken place , and , should the result prove favourable to you , there will not be any difficulty in your recovering the rank , to which your seniority , as colonel , entitles you . '' That it was with great surprise , that your petitioner thus , for the first time , learnt , that there were charges existing against him ; and , it was not without some degree of indignation , that he perceived , that he had been punished upon the ground of mere charges preferred in the dark ; that these charges had never been communicated to him , and , moreover , that , even of the existence of which charges he was not informed , until upwards of two months after he had been punished , and had complained of his punishment . That your petitioner , upon