not see that there was any well founded objection to the alteration in the bill . went over the financial plans of his own administration , of the administration which succeeded , and the principal points of the plan of the late ministers , of which he highly approved . He also approved of the conduct of the present ministers , with respect to the disposition which they shewed to carry into effect the plan of the late ministers . With respect to the alteration which had been made in the present bill , he thought it had better not have been made , but as it only nominally altered the nature of the security pledged to the public creditor , leaving in fact an amply sufficient security , he thought there was no material objection to it . commented strongly upon the absence of ministers on the discussion of a question of considerable importance on a former evening , and upon the continued 522 absence of a noble duke , who from his situation must be peculiarly qualified to give the house information upon a subject like the present . defended the alteration in the bill , and commented upon the pernicious effects of the system of Necker in France . He did not mean to apply this to the plan of the late ministers , but it was necessary in point of principle , that these things should be adverted to . The public creditor was amply secured under the bill as it now stood . said , be differed from the noble lord on the cross-bench ( Sidmouth ) , with respect to the disposition of the present ministry to carry into effect the financial plan of the late ministers . He , on the contrary , thought they had shewn a disposition to frustrate , and as far as possible , render it nugatory . The present measure , it should be recollected , was only a very small part of that plan ; and he much feared that they would not have to discuss the remaining parts in that house . Much had been said and written , to prove that the late ministers might have easily raised taxes to provide for loans ; and it had been charged against them , that they had only brought forward taxes which their predecessors had rejected . Some of those , however , who made such charges must know , that Mr. Pitt , in 1805 , found it impassible to raise more than 400,000l . by new taxes , without resorting to 10 per cent . on the assessed taxes . In like manner , the late ministers found themselves equally incapable , in 1806 , of raising more than 400,000l . by new taxes , without also resorting to 10 per cent . on the assessed taxes . It was , however , evident , that the assessed taxes could not be carried any further ; and , under this difficulty , the late ministers had to consider of a plan by which the war might be carried on with all the energies of the country , and without imposing any additional burdens , or , at least , if they were , that they should be of trifling amount . The only effective plan which could , under such circumstances , be resorted to , they found to be a revolving series , that was to say , that so large a sinking fund should be created , by means of pledging the war taxes , for the extinction of the new debt incurred , that the debt should be extinguished before the whole of the war taxes should be thus pledged ; thus leaving the portion of the war taxes first pledged at liberty to be again applied to a like purpose , and thus affording the means , of carrying on the war for an indefinite pe 523 riod . This system had met with the approbation of parliament and the public , and on the contract being made for the last loan , which was one of the most advantageous contracts