rates , which would be the effect of this bill , laid on for the prospect , at some years hence , afforded to some poor educated person of raising himself from his situation . He contended it was by no Means to be admitted that , because Scotland , in 1698 , had received an establishment of schools , and had profited by it , that , therefore England , in her present civilized state , in 1807 , should adopt similar regulations . He had taken great pains to examine the state of the poor , and should particularly speak of the town he represented ( Reading ) , which contained 10,000 inhabitants , of whom 7,500 were poor ; but hardly a child of ten years old was to be found who had not learned to read , at some of the threepenny schools which are kept by the poor old people . He saw no necessity for writing or arithmetic . He knew of no deficiency in the number of candidates for bankers clerks , and such situations , He 545 condemned the mode in which the bill was to be carried into effect , but praised highly the Sunday schools , which he regretted he found great difficulty in prevailing upon the poor people to attend . He censured the Conduct of those in the higher classes of society , who thought the poor should receive no education , but felt his objections to the present plan to be radical and fundamental . His opinions resulted from experience , and not from speculation and theory . was of opinion , that the establishment of parochial schools in the manner proposed by the bill was much too expensive . He did not think at first , that the occupiers of lands and houses should be taxed , in order that all the children in the country should be taught to read and write , especially when it was doubtful , whether writing would be of any real use . However , However , he would vote for the bill going into the committee . though he could not but admit that the principle of diffusing instruction among the lower classes was good , could not say that he approved of this bill . He had received a communication from the part of the country with which he was connected , that the whole of the bill of the hon . gent . was disapproved of at the quarter sessions , as extremely burthensome , without any adequate advantage . One of his objections to this bill was , that it tended to give an education to the lower classes above their condition , and comprehended objects too great for any one measure . The hon . mover of the bill had not yet made any statement of the present means of educating the lower classes . If his bill were to pass , there would be no compulsion to force attendance at the schools , and consequently the first menace of wholesome discipline , would put an end to the attendance of the individual threatened . He also objected to this bill , because it would do away Sunday schools , to which no person would subscribe , when the parochial schools should be established . said , that he thought the house and the country were under great obligations to the hon . gent . who had introduced this measure , as it must have required much exertion and attention to make out four such bills as those before them ; but at the same time he could not help thinking , that parliament ought to proceed with great caution upon such a subject . They were now undertaking , for the first time , a great work , which had been too long delayed , the diffusion of the benefits of education ; and 546 therefore they ought to take care lest it might not prove prejudicial in some respects , while it was advantageous in others . He could easily conceive many modifications which such a bill might undergo , and amongst others