of this question seemed to be held by some hon . members , he would trouble the house with an explanation of the grounds , on which the bill which he had the honour to propose , was founded . In doing this he should avoid as much as possible entering into the question of the general expediency of such laws as those which his proposed measure went to annul . It was not to be disputed that every government had a right to impose those due restraints which were necessary for its security ; but that necessity Must be strong and apparent . This was a principle true and incontrovertible . Against what had the exclusions , which it was the object of his bill to remove , been in general directed ? Not against religious Opinions themselves , but against religious opinions as supposed to be connected with some political principles of attachment , which were inconsistent with the existing order of things . On this ground and onthis ground alone , had the principle of exclusion been supported latter times . On this sole ground had it been supported by a writer , whose name it was impossible to mention without paying him that tribute of applause which was his due , he meant the late Dr. Paley , a man not more estimable for the excellence of his life than for the simplicity and logical precision of his works . If it were now necessary to state that the connexion which formerly existed between the religion and the politics of the catholics of the United Empire had ceased , and that therefore those restrictions which were applicable only to their politics , and not to their religion , were rendered unnecessary , he should feel no difficulty in making that statement , and in maintaining it by unanswerable arguments . If this were allowed , the proposition necessarily followed , that at the present season of difficulty and danger , when it was desirable to unite every heart and hand in the cause of the country , it was most unwise to exclude from that union so large a portion of the people as the catholics of Great Britain and Ireland , amounting in number to nearly a fourth of the whole population of the kingdom , and to pre- 4 vent them from sharing in the danger and glory of their countrymen . The fact was , that at that very moment a great proportion of our soldiers and sailors ( particularly of the latter ) were catholics , and was it fitting that parliament should not allow that by right which was already allowed by connivance ? By the law which passed in the parliament of Ireland in 1793 , the catholics were allowed to hold commissions in the army , and to enjoy those privileges in Ireland , which it was the object of the bill that he meant to propose to communicate generally to the catholics of this country . The bill would go to admit persons of every religious persuasion , to serve in the army and navy without any condition , but that of taking an oath particularized in the bill . Of course , if this indulgence was granted to catholics , it was unnecessary to state that there could be no objection to grant it to any other set of dissenters from the established church , unless some danger could be shewn which , he did not at present see . The provisions of the bill would therefore extend to persons of all religions persuasions . What had particularly drawn the attention of his majesty 's government to this subject was , the , strange anomaly which existed in consequence of the act passed in Ireland in 1793 , by which the roman catholics in that country were enabled to hold commissions in the army , and to attain to any rank except that of commander in chief of the forces , master general of the ordnance , or general on the staff . They might rise to be generals , but they were not permitted to be