any explanation . In the particular dispatch adverted to , of which he had prepared the draft , it was distinctly stated , that the act of 1793 did not extend to generals on the staff , and it was then stated , that it was desirable to enable all his majesty 's subjects to hold any military commissions whatever ; and he was astonished at his noble friend when he founded an argument upon this , that the technical terms of an act of parliament were not used in such a dispatch . When he mentioned `` any military commission whatever , '' he undoubtedly meant that these words should cover all military commissions , and nobody could read it with attention without being convinced of this . The word `` appointment '' was merely added in the bill in order that the shadow of a doubt might not be left ; but he should be very well satisfied if the bill were allowed to pass without that word , because he had not the slightest doubt that the words of the dispatch went to the full extent to which the matter could be carried by the addition . But still he was convinced that there must have been a misconception . This misconception , however , he and his colleagues had left nothing in their power undone to remove . With a view to this , they presented to his majesty a remonstrance as dutiful and respectful as subjects could offer to their sovereign ; the purport of which remonstrance was to shew , that the act in their contemplation was merely calculated to carry into effect the act of the Irish parliament in 1793 , with the spirit of which it would have been manifestly inconsistent to grant those arrangements which were afterwards objected to . The noble lord , after dwelling more at large upon the arguments of the remonstrance referred to , as to considerations of general justice and of general and particular policy , proceeded to remark upon the words , that his majesty `` would not go one step further than the act , '' which this observation alluded to . This act , he contended , was nothing more nor less than that of which his majesty had been frequently informed by the conversations held with him , and the dispatches submitted to his revision , before they were sent to the government of Ireland . With regard to those dispatches , he was really astonished to hear his noble friend on the crossbench ( lord Sidmouth ) state , that he 420 had doubts as to the meaning of the first , which was sent to the duke of Bedford ; for that noble lord had full opportunity of considering it . Upon a fair view of all the circumstances connected with this transaction , he was satisfied that no candid man would see any thing to justify , or even excuse the reproaches so liberally heaped upon himself and his colleagues . With the question now under discussion , however , that transaction had no connection whatever . For when the period did arrive that the misunderstanding as to the bill referred to was found to exist , and the bill in consequence was abandoned , the proposition was made which called for this motion . As to the dilemma put respecting this abandonment , he begged to make one short observation . A noble lord on the other side ( lord Mulgrave ) had asked , why the bill abandoned should have been at all proposed if not necessary , and if so necessary , why it should have been abandoned ? but he would beg that noble lord to put this dilemma to some of the persons connected with him , to those who seceded in 1801 , but particularly to put it , for instance , to lord Castlereagh , who had so particularly pledged himself to the Catholic question ; who had , in fact , brought that question from Ireland with him . With regard to the coronation oath , he would ask , whether