told their lordships , that he objected to the resolution , be- 387 because it would not be binding ; and he had quoted an instance of a resolution passed by the house about two centuries ago , that they would not make peace with a prince of the house of Bourbon , though the queen and her ministers did very soon after make peace with a prince of that house . He did not see how this applied at all to the present case , or why , if a resolution of former times had been departed from , and thereby rendered of no avail , the house should not , at a subsequent period of time , pass any resolution which a present case might require . The noble lord then addressed himself to the earl of Selkirk , and expressed himself truly and sincerely sorry to perceive that noble earl had become so easy a convert to the support of his majesty 's present ministers ; and that he had exerted those talents , for which he had so great a respect , in calling for the confidence of the house , on the ground that those new ministers were untried . Much as he respected the noble earl , and highly as he valued his talents , he could not , however , agree with him in that particular , of their being untried . If he looked to the noble duke at the head of the present administration , no one could say he was untried . He had been in repeated administrations , none of which had effected any very great advantages to the country during their continuance . If he looked to the noble secretary of state for the home department ( lord Hawkesbury ) , he too well knew the effect his former diplomatic conduct had had on all our allies , to draw any very favourable conclusions from it ; and that if it did not assume a more favourable aspect , it could not fail to merit all the wit and humour which his right hon . colleague , the present foreign secretary , ( Mr. Canning , ) had then so profusely bestowed on it . If he looked to the noble lord at the head of the war and colonial department , ( lord Castlereagh , ) he had given such striking specimens of the versatility of his genius , that he might safely be set down as a fostering , careful , and attentive guardian , to whom we might , without risk , commit the care of the virtue and talents of the present administration . A noble lord , who had spoken last but two , speaking of the talents of the late ministers , had asked , in a kind of triumphant tone , what `` All the talents `` ( as the late administration were called ) had done for the service of the country . He , for his own part , thought the question might be readily answered , and that highly to the credit and honour of the late administration . In point of economy , he had ever found them ready to listen to all persons who 388 were desirous and capable of pointing out any retrenchments . In regard to dispatch of business , he had seen none equal to them , for they had brought the public business to a degree of forwardness that was unexampled . That noble lord had also talked of expeditions planned by the late ministers . He was , however , the last person in the world who should talk of expeditions to the continent , when he recollected and maturely considered the mad expedition to which he had been himself a party ; but on the subject of expeditions , he would tell the noble lord , that if one of the greatest powers on the continent , if Turkey were at this moment at the feet of this country , such a glorious event was owing to the wise , politic , and spirited measures of the late administration .