minister , be his talents and his virtues what they may , might be properly dismissed ? Now let the supposi- 378 tion be varied ; instead of a gross insult , let us suppose an offence less unpardonable . The supposition admits of every possible gradation between the grossest insult , and the most venial inattention . Between the two extremes , cases may undoubtedly be imagined , in which it would be a matter of the utmost nicety to determine whether the offence were or were not a sufficient ground for dismissing a minister . If such questions as that are to be determined by parliament , where is an end of the improprieties into which it would lead ; and how are such questions to be avoided , if the motives of his majesty for dismissing his ministers are to be held a fit subject of enquiry ? When a change of administration takes place , on the ground of any great public measure , the propriety of the change becomes a fit subject of enquiry , as involved in the discussion of the measure which led to it . The present is not a case of that kind , but one of those in which there is no criterion to be referred to , except the feelings in his majesty 's breast , excited by the personal behaviour of his ministers towards him.—The measure , from which all this discussion originated , having been abandoned by ministers , is not the essential ground of difference , and therefore it is not at all to the purpose to enter into the merits of that measure . The whole question relates to the manner in which the measure was brought forward . As to the idea of the late ministers having had an intention to circumvent the king , I can not see the least ground for such an accusation : but it is not equally easy to acquit them of very blameable carelessness , and of the want of a becoming attention to his majesty . The very existence of misapprehension on so important a point , would entitle us to presume carelessness ; and the statements made to both houses of parliament , by members of the late administration , fully prove the fact . I can not agree with some noble lords , who consider his majesty 's determination on the Catholic question as immutable : yet when his opinion had been so often and so strongly expressed , the king had certainly a right to expect that a change in his opinion should not be lightly presumed , without a very full and distinct explanation . It appears , however , that ministers did imagine a change in his majesty 's opinion , upon the most vague inferences ; and proceeded to act upon that supposition with a levity that would scarcely have been becoming on a subject 379 of the most trifling consequence . This conduct may fairly be considered as an act of personal inattention to the king , requiring an apology : and when an apology might have been expected , his majesty received what , without any disposition to exaggeration , may be construed into a defiance.—When the late ministers subjoined to the minute of council , in which they agreed to withdraw the Catholic Army bill , the reservations which have been the occasion of so much comment , it may be granted to them , that they had no disrespectful intention : yet , if they did not take sufficient care to explain themselves they have no right to complain that their expressions were misunderstood . The king had said nothing which appeared to call for these reservations . The act , to which they were annexed , did not imply the admission of any principle , to the contrary . The noble and learned lord , lately on the woolsack , has himself stated , that the deference of ministers to the king in the present circumstances did not imply that they must shew the same deference in others of more extreme urgency . If circumstances should