Indies had been the support of the country for many years , both as to seamen and revenue . We might as well say , Oh , we will not have our chimney swept , because it is a little troublesome to the boy , as that we should give up the benefit of the West Indies on account of the supposed hardships of the negro . vindicated the character of the planters for humanity ; but supported the bill most strenuously , on the ground that there was a most shameful abuse of the authority delegated by them . observed . that if the mea- 61 sure of French iniquity was not yet full , we should surrender up to them this guilty trade , that we might acquit ourselves of any further charge as to this heinous offence ; whilst it might complete the catalogue of our enemies ' crimes , we , at the same time , might hope to have taken one great step towards averting the wrath of Heaven from us . supported the amendment ; but at the same time recommended that a parliamentary commission should be sent out to every island in the West Indies , and that parliament might afterwards lay very high duties on the importation of slaves into every island where the traffic was found to be still carried on . thought it would be a most tedious and impotent measure to wait until we had the report of as many of the commissioners as might chance to reach home with the report , and then leave the measure in a great degree to the discretion of the governors of the different islands . But there was one point which he thought to be particularly worthy of notice ; the council for the planters had acknowledged at the bar of the house of lords , that it was intended to have several new pieces of land cultivated , for which a fresh supply of slaves was wanted ; and there was another point to which he thought it necessary to advert ; did the gallant admiral opposite suppose that we , as christians , could hope , when visited by the wrath of Heaven , as he had stated , with a hurricane , could we then hope for a blessing from the Almighty by setting off to Africa to rob and murder in order to recruit our stock ? entered into a detail of the various proceedings of parliament , and the opinion of the most eminent public men for a century past as to this trade . He concluded by observing , that his late right hon . friend ( Mr Pitt ) was in his heart a most sincere abolitionist , as well as himself , though there was some difference of opinion between them as to the best means of carrying that principle into execution . opposed any further delay ; he contended that the authorities cited by the right hon . gent . were not conclusive ; on speculative truths the most clear and in-Controvertible , there had been in all ages men of probity and wisdom who had their own peculiar and exclusive sentiments . In the parliaments of France how long was it a subject of discussion , whether torture should be sanctioned or not ? And yet could there 62 be at this day found a man in civilized Europe who would profess hinself an advocate of torture ? —so would it be with the slave trade . As to the necessity of delaying its abolition , what had been said ? They set out , said the noble lord , with the proposition that the slave trade is inhuman and unjust , and then they propose to prolong that system of injustice , and continue five years more the practice of that inhumanity . took a view of the subject in three different relations , with respect to Africa , the slave merchants , and the slaves themselves ; the arguments advanced by the hon . baronet ( sir C. Pole ) appeared to him to have been completely overturned by