positively stated the circumstance of his alliance to that individual and his acquaintance with him for 5 years together . He has stated his constant employment during the late election at Westminster , in which he is confirmed by the circumstance of the frequent letters that passed : nay , Sir , I think that receives confirmation even from the question put by that right hon . gent . himself ; for I do remember the question being put , not indeed to him , but to the , second witness ; Weatherhead , in these terms , `` Were you not introduced to me by Mr. Drake as a clergyman ? '' The answer to that is immaterial on the present occasions He says he told him it was a mistake , and that it was his brother ; but the use I make of it is this , and the house will then see , whether it is worthy of their grave and serious consideration . With all humility , it appears to me to contain pregnant proof of prior intimacy and acquaintance—how could Mr. Drake introduce any body to that right hon . gent . if he was a stranger him ? How could he have access to him ? How could he be accompanied to his house to introduce any body if he was not in habits of intimacy and acquaintance with him ? This is a question put to him by the highest authority—and it carries the highest proof that some degree of intimacy at least subsisted between them.—A particular account is given by the witness on the subject of this meeting , and that I may not in the least misrepresent him , I will read it . You will find that he gives this account , that he had been long in habits of acquaintance and connection with him ; that he had hopes and prospects held out to him of promotion and promises of money , in which he had been disappointed ; that he had still been en active and zealous friend to the right hon . gent , during the late election , but that at , the close of the election he felt himself neglected—personally insulted by the domestics of the right hon . gent. , and stung , undoubtedly , with resentment , and feeling a resentment to that right hon . gent . he was induced to do what I do not mean to state as a proof of the honour or propriety of this gentleman to betray his friend , and communicate intelligence to his opponent of the knowledge , that he had of what , practices had been going on during the election.—Now , sir , I do not in the least mean to conceal that the testimony of a witness standing in that predicament , a person who betrays his former patron and friend , nearly allied to him , and who gives intelligence of practices in which he has been personally 33 concerned ought not , on that account , to be received with considerable suspicion—he is an accomplice , and his testimony ought to be received with suspicion , but I beg leave to state , that the testimony of accomplices under more unfavourable circumstances is continually received , and many have lost their lives upon testimony open to every possible observation that can be bestowed upon this ; he states fairly the account of it upon his own testimony ; he gives the narrative how he was originally connected with the right hon . gent . for 5 years together , and then he says `` I supported Mr. Sheridan during the whole of the time of the election , and brought up many votes for Mr. Sheridan , and was in the habit of seeing him 4 or 5 times a day . '' He then relates the circumstance of his going to Homan 's house , having wine there , and afterwards going to Edward 's , & c.— He is then interrogated with respect to the letter he represents Mr. Sheridan as having been desirous of obtaining ,