the discharge of his public duties ; to his solicitude for the interests , security , and prosperity of the empire . It was fair to attribute to such an administration some part of the wonderful increase which had taken place in our manufactures , commerce , and navigation , in the course of the last year . The papers for which he would now move would exhibit proofs of that increase far beyond all expectation and example.—The comparative account of imports would shew that the total value , exclusive of prize goods , and of the India and China trade , had been , For the year 1804 £22,016,000 —— —— 1805 23,130,000 —— —— 1806 24,358,000 Their lordships would be aware that a large proportion of those imports consists of materials of manufacture , such as flax , hemp , hides , iron , wood , yarn , dying goods , wool , and cotton ; or of necessary consumption , such as , wine , spirits , oils , fish , fruit , and grain.—The comparative value of British produce and manufacture exported from Great Britain for the same period , had been , For year ending Jan. 5 , 1805 £23,935,000 —— —— 1806 25,004,000 —— —— 1807 27,403,000 And here it might be material , to remark , that a similar account for the year 1794 had amounted only to 16,725,000l . He would not enter into the details , but would only observe that in the last year , ending the 5th of January 1807 , there had been a great increase in the export of cottons , hardware , and woollen goods . He had also seen , with much satisfaction , and their lordships would find , that the prosperity of Scotland had kept pace with that of England . Such had been the effects of British energy , under an enlightened and provident government ! Such was the actual predicament of the British empire , which our unprincipled and implacable enemy had vainly hoped to reduce to a bankruptcy , both of finance and of com- 231 merce . As to the bankruptcy in finance , his noble-friend ( lord Grenville ) had shewn , and had proved , to the conviction , and benefit , of his successors in office , and to his countrymen , that new taxes are no longer necessary , even for a prolonged war on the actual state of expenditure . As to any failure in commerce , the accounts now to be produced would give a splendid exhibition of imports and exports , far beyond what it had ever been in any period of peace or of war.—Having said , in the opening of his speech , that he had enjoyed the full confidence of the late ministers , he requested permission to explain that in one great and essential point he had differed from them radically and most decidedly . His noble friend had been apprized in an early stage of the business , that it was his intention to oppose even the very limited measure which had been made the cause , or occasion , of the change of government ; but having stated that dissent , he never felt , he never could feel , that alarm and anxiety which others feel , or pretend to feel , for what they call the safety of the church . It had happened to him only two years ago to be the teller on the , catholic question , when their lordships divided 178 to 49 . He knew too well the consistency and honour of their lordships minds to have the smallest particle of doubt , that the principles which prevailed in 1805 would equally prevail in 1807 . He sincerely lamented the misunderstanding and its consequences , which threatened to place this great empire in a state of divisions , weakness , and distractions , ill suited to the circumstances of the War , and to the tendency and unexampled dangers of the times on which we are thrown . Lord Auckland concluded by moving for several accounts of the official