great place for life , merely as an inducement to a person to accept of an office in the service of the country , the emoluments of which had hitherto been considered a sufficient compensation . said , that if he had not been so personally alluded to by the right hon . and learned gent . he did not think he should have troubled the house with any observations upon the present question . He was ready to join perfectly with the hon . 201 gent . who had brought forward this motion , in disclaiming any thing like personal hostility or personal reflection upon the right hon . and learned gent . who was the most immediately interested in the present motion ; and he had no hesitation in stating , that if the salary annexed to the situation of chancellor of the exchequer was not sufficient ( and he believed it was not ) , he should have no objection to granting such an augmentation to it , as would afford a reasonable and proper compensation for the services which might be expected from the right hon . gent . But although he certainly did object to a place for life being given to that gentleman , in order to induce him to accept the situation ; yet as he had not before said a word upon the subject , he did not know how the right hon . gent . had discovered that he so warmly supported the motion . He thought it was also somewhat strange that he should be charged with acting inconsistently , or in a manner disrespectful to the memory of his near relation , ( the marquis of Lansdown ) if he was not to be bound completely by those precedents of the year 1762 , or 1783 . He thought there was a great difference between the cases cited and the present ; but if there was not , he should not think it quite fair to charge him with inconsistency , if he should hold a different opinion . That relation , so near and dear to him , ( the marquis of Lansdown , his father ) had abundant claims upon his love and respect , without adverting to the case of lord Ashburton . But , however sincerely he was bound to respect his opinions and his memory , there were no ties of relationship , or private affection and respect , which could prevent him in that house from expressing his own opinion on any subject that came before them for discussion . The case of lord Lechmere he conceived to be quite distinct and separate from the present : as to the case of lord Ashburton , it must be recollected that the place of the duchy of Lancaster was not given him as an inducement to take another place , but as a means of supporting the dignity of the peerage to which he had been raised , not only on account of his great merits , but for the service and assistance he could render as a law lord . Lord Ashburton was then looked up to by every body as the fittest successor to lord Mansfield as Chief Justice of the King 's Bench , which was the highest object of legal ambition . His majesty had been advised to confer the peerage upon him , and that he should not want suitable means of supporting its dignity 202 until the Chief Justiceship should be vacant , this place was conferred upon him . This was a case , which , he conceived , was , totally different from the present . If the salary of the chancellor of the exchequer were not sufficient , it might be recollected , that there Were a great number of other offices which might be given as a reward for services , when those services should have been actually performed ; but he objected to the giving away the means of rewarding great services , merely to induce persons to become members of an administration . He considered that it was a most serious and