question , he wished to be considered more as giving a declaratory vote upon general principles , than as intending any opposition to the arrangement made ; he voted merely upon a dry abstract principle , and not at all from party motives . It was his opinion that places usually held under the crown during pleasure ought not to be granted for life . Whether , as a member of the Committee of Finance , and having breathed so long the air of that committee , he came down to the house now to give his vote with 207 greater strictness than usual , he would not pretend to determine ; but his vote was certainly the result of his conviction upon the subject . said , he should not have risen to trouble the house , but for the purpose of making an observation , in answer to some allusions made to him by an honourable member who spoke early in the debate ( Mr. Plumer ) , in respect to what he had said last night . The honourable member , it was true , had last night stated , what turned out to be founded in fact , as proved by the declaration of a right honourable gentleman this evening ( Mr. Perceval ) , but When he did state the circumstance , he avowed no other ground than rumour , unsupported by any authentic reference . Adverting to the comparisons which had been made by gentlemen on the other side of the house , between the case now under consideration , and those of lord Ashburton and lord Lechmere , he thought there was very little difference . But he could not refrain from some observations upon the conduct of those honourable gentlemen themselves , when they were taking credit for so much purity and disinterestedness . He would ask , how they could reconcile with those assumptions , the indecency of pressing upon that house on their first accession to office , and at nine o'clock at night , two successive stages of a bill for enabling the noble lord at the head of the late administration ( lord Grenville ) to hold as a sinecure the office of Auditor of the Exchequer , with large emoluments annexed , and the duties of which were to be done by another ; and this at the same time that another noble lord at the head of the family enjoyed the Tellership of the Exchequer with emoluments almost incalculable ? How could they reconcile with this boasted purity the extraordinary increase made in the salary of First Lord of the Admiralty , lately enjoyed by another branch of that noble family , and this not avowed to parliament in an open manly way , but effected by a secret fund ? How could that right honourable gentleman reconcile to his purity the calling on the house for 3000l . for the expences of further continuing the commission of naval enquiry , and not say a word about his own salary ? With respect to the Committee of Finance , for which those honourable gentlemen took so much credit to themselves , so far from their having the merit to originate the measure , it was rather forced upon them by the patriotism of his honourable friend op 208 posite to him ( Mr. Biddulph ) ; but when the late ministers found the measure was too popular to be resisted , the noble lord ( Petty ) adopted it , and claimed that as his own , which he had no right to arrogate . The honourable gentlemen boasted much of their economical arrangements ; but what had they done for the country in effect ? They had indeed appointed commissioners of accounts without number ; but what had these effected ? The West India Commissioners , who had been so long appointed , at large salaries , had not even yet sailed upon their mission ; and as to the army accounts , nothing appeared to have been effected there . Such had been the conduct of these patrons of reform ! In short ,