; and I do not hesitate to declare my strong and decided conviction , that no small part of our political sins arose from our endeavours to correct abuses , to convict delinquents , to restore to the public that money of which it had been shamefully defrauded ; and to make even the highest in rank , and most elevated in political connection , return those public funds upon which they had so unjustifiably and illegally drawn.—The next charge to which the hon . gent . adverted , was the inattention of the late ministers to the regulation of the tithes in Ireland . I have answered his first accusation from the statute book . I have now to throw myself on the confidence of the house , when I do assure them , that one of the first objects which would have engaged the attention of the late administration , previous to their dismissal , was an amelioration of the tithe system ; and I do conjure the present mi- 458 nisters , if they regard the peace and security of Ireland , and the general safety of the empire , to take the state of that system into their immediate consideration and regard . But great and commanding as this necessity is , I can indulge no such expectations from men who have set up the cry of church and state . They , the advocates of the church I some of whom have left nothing undone to degrade the character of religion in its most vital part , by uniting parishes , almost for the length of counties . This , I do assert , was the system of the present lord privy seal , when lord lieutenant of Ireland ( the earl of Westmoreland ) ; who , during his government , had raised to the highest station a prelate , who in a moment of alarm had dared to expunge the mitre from the arms on his coach . But this was not all . The broken down in fortune , and the degraded in character , were elevated to the highest dignities in the church , to the exclusion of the religious curate , who had worked for years in the vineyard . [ Hear ! hear ! ] . But need we ask a more convincing proof of the disregard of those men for that church , to which they now , with the purest views , feel so zealously attached , than to recollect the changes which they effected in the various parishes in Ireland ? I call upon the house to rest its opinion upon experience , and to deduce this plain conclusion from that experience , that whilst they had powers every other principle was sacrificed to personal emolument.—I come now , sir , to that measure which his majesty 's late ministers had thought expedient to propose for the relief of the Catholics of Ireland . This boon , of which so much has been said , and to which such frequent allusions have been made , did not comprehend but one forty-second part of the restrictions under which that body of subjects labour . At the passing of the union , there were forty-two offices from which Roman Catholics were excluded ; and that great measure , I do most seriously assert , was gained under the positive pledge given by the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) , first to the Catholic clergy , and next , through them , to the laity , that every existing disability would be removed , and the whole of those 42 offices would be immediately opened to the Catholic subjects of Ireland . And yet these are the men so pledged and bound by every principle of honour and consistency , who have the effrontery to raise this unfounded clamour of the church in danger , because the late administration had endea- 459 voured to open the army and navy to the Catholic officer ! It has been observed , that the noble lord at the head of the last administration was a friend to the great measure ;