principles , were to be candidates for the controul of mankind , the latter would be likely to be too successful . He could not think it right to say , that every man who possessed intellect should administer to himself , because , if so , a patient who had intellect , and was of course most particularly interested in his own cure , would be the best doctor . The circulation of great truths would be of no advantage to mankind , unless you could increase the stature of their understanding , so as that it could reach those things . But great stress had been laid on the example of Scotland he admitted the full force of all the encomiums that had been paid to that country ; but then it did not follow that he must consequently say , `` all this comes of their writing and reading . '' He might as well say , like the old woman when she saw a man going to be hanged for forgery , `` see what comes of your writing and reading . '' But there were particularities both in habit and appearance by which people of different countries might be distinguished from each other . If he was to see a man in a crowd , for instance , with red hair and high cheek bones , and 548 by his appearance knew that he was a Scotchman , was he to say , this is all owing , to their writing and reading in that part of the country ? Would it nut be more rational to say , that in this , as well as in many other cases , it was difficult for him to trace causes from effects , as it was also to trace effects from any given causes ; might he not say , that he did not know whether the prudence , economy , & c. of the Scots was not the cause of their applying themselves more to learning than we did ? A more substantial cause was , perhaps , found out by an hon . gent . opposite , who had attributed the economy of the Scots to the want of poor laws throughout the greater part of the country . But we should consider how far the measure itself was calculated to effect its own object ; for instance , let us look to England , and see if learning had not increased rapidly for many years past , and yet , in the same proportion , we find that poverty had increased . The increase of this sort of introduction to knowledge would only tend to make the people study politics , and lay them open to the arts of designing men ; it was impossible that a great quantity of reading in a country could banish poverty entirely out of the nation ; we might as well say , that we could remove poverty from among a people by teaching them all to play the fiddle . A good deal , however , might be said to consist in the extent of the population and general habits of the people ; and whilst people were found to lose sight of that honourable principle of independence that would not suffer them to rest their hopes of relief on the parish , it was impossible to prevent poverty among them . As long as men would marry , and get children , without ever thinking of what was to become of their offspring ; as long as men would spend their gains as fast as they got them , living from hand to mouth , and not laying something by for a rainy day , according to their own emphatical expression , so long would it be impossible to hope that poverty should not creep in amongst us . The benefit societies contributed , indeed , as far as their general principle went , to remove the I danger of being overwhelmed with poverty more than any system which he had seen for many years ; but even they might , in many instances ,