so much of the church , and upon an occasion with which the church can have no possible concern , one would think that the king upon his coronation took no oath but to support the religious establishment , and that the civil liberties of the people were nothing . My lords , does not the king solemnly swear to govern according to the statues of the realm , 362 and to the laws and customs of the same ? My lords , the king enters into this solemn obligation : and is it consistent with the laws and customs of the realm to demand a pledge from counsellors that they will not impartially and honestly counsel ? Is it consistent with the laws and customs of the realm , that the king shall make a rule for his own conduct , which his counsellors shall not break in upon , to disturb with their advice ? Who is the man that will stand up and say , that this is the law and custom of this realm ? The church therefore , and all observations concerning Catholics , are foreign to this grand consideration ; because if this can be supported and sanctioned in one instance , it may in any number of instances ; and the king , instead of submitting to be advised by his counsellors , might give the rule himself as to what he will be advised in , until those who are solemnly sworn to give full and impartial counsel , and who are responsible to the public for their conduct as his advisers , might be penned up in a corner of their duties and jurisdiction , and the state might go to ruin . But no doubt it will be said , that here again is a direct attack upon the king . I deny it again , it is no attack upon the king . I can not see the king but in the responsible officers of state , who , by serving him in office , sanction all proceedings of the crown . The noble earl who spoke first on that side , declared that if an address was presented to the king to know the author of the supposed advice , his majesty would return for answer , that his adviser was the faithful monitor within his own breast in the suggestions of his conscience . My lords , the king might undoubtedly give such an answer , but I should be glad to see the ministers who would be bold enough to deliver such an answer to parliament . My lords , I will hazard my reputation as a lawyer with your lordships , that the responsible minister who was the organ of that message here , would be subject to an impeachment . The Great Hall , and not this chamber , would be the proper forum for the consideration of it . The king can perform no act of government himself , and no man ought to be received within the walls of this house to declare , that any act of government has proceeded from the private will and determination , or conscience of the king . The king , as chief magistrate , can have no conscience which is not in the trust of responsible subjects . When he delivers the seals of office to his officers of state , his conscience , as it regards the state , accompanies them . No 363 man in England , my lords , is less disposed than I am to abridge the king 's prerogative , or to degrade the dignity of his high office , by reducing him to a cypher . The public , on the contrary , are entitled to the full benefit , nay , they have a right in reason to expect the advantages of the personal virtues and capacity of the king . Whatever follows from either is therefore his own . The fame and honour of his actions are his own ; but as all men must have errors , the wisdom of our government turns them aside from