and the other agents of Mr. Paull , in a charge of conspiracy , by joining with Drake , in the endeavour 155 to obtain from Emanuel Harris the letter in question ; whereas it was the obvious interest of Mr. Paull and his agents , that the letter should remain in the hands of Harris , to be produced in evidence when necessary . It had been asserted , that Drake was not authorized by Mr. Sheridan to offer 30l . to Harris , for the letter ; but Drake 's evidence stated , that he was authorized to procure the letter , either for money , or by any other means in his power ; and he saw no reason to doubt , that , in consequence of the conversations Drake had with Mr. Sheridan , and the anxiety expressed by that gentleman to obtain the letter in question , Drake was extremely desirous to obtain it from Harris , with a view , perhaps , to turn it to his own emolument , by surrendering it to Mr. Sheridan for a sum of money . Adding to this , the frequent interviews Drake had with Mr. Sheridan , both at the house of Mr. Homan and elsewhere—the alledged wish of Mr. Sheridan to have Drake taken up—yet instead of so doing , advising him to get out of the way ; and the various instances of frequent and confidential intercourse with Mr. Sheridan , all which Drake had alledged , and which were not disproved , were circumstances that in his mind cast a very strange mystery over the business : but , for his own part , he conceived the evidence of Drake so consistent upon the main points of the case , that he felt no disposition to doubt his testimony upon others . The hon . gent . had stated also , in order to inculpate Mr. Paull and his agents , that before they accepted the evidence of Drake , they ought to have enquired his character at the navy office and elsewhere ; but such an enquiry could not be necessary to justify them in considering Drake to have been some time in the confidence of Mr. Sheridan , when it was notorious that he was married to a natural daughter of that gentleman by her father 's consent ; that he was constantly admitted upon a familiar footing of intercourse at Mr. Sheridan 's house ; allowed to wait for him in the same room with other company ; and that , at one time , Mr. Sheridan had left a party in which he was engaged , in order to converse with Drake ; that the latter had frequently negociated bills drawn or accepted by Mr. Sheridan ; and , in fact , was known to be on such a footing with him , as to obviate all doubt that he had been in Mr. Sheridan 's confidence , and that the evidence he could give would be useful to them . Upon the whole , the noble lord was of opinion , that sufficient evidence had been 156 adduced to sustain the allegations of the petition , to which petition it was to be remembered Mr. Paull had not resorted precipitately , or without the advice of his counsel . assured the noble lord he had no idea whatever of charging either Mr. Paull or Mr. Powell , with being engaged in the conspiracy , but confined the charge solely to the witnesses produced at the bar of the house . said , he had heard with surprize the declaration made by the noble lord at the outset , and with still greater surprize , the expressions with which he had closed . He would not travel out of the evidence before the house , but from that alone he would prove the falsehood of the witnesses adduced in support of the petition , and establish their infamy out of their own mouths . The allegations of the petition were , that the sitting member had by himself and by other persons offered money to suppress or corrupt the