our naval superiority ; and he considered it therefore unwise to submit to a relaxation of that system . He denied what had fallen from the noble lord ( Grenville ) , that the opposition to the late ministers ' measures respecting the Roman catholics had arisen from clamour ; on the contrary , he believed this opposition to be the result of sound good sense ; and that a great majority of the people of this country had disapproved of the measures adopted , and in contemplation , by that noble lord and his colleagues , for making farther and farther concessions to the Roman catholics . declared that he had never heard within the walls of that house an assertion which tended more to sap the foundation of the credit of the country , than that which had just been made , by the noble secretary of state . Was it an assertion to be gravely listened to at this period of the world , and under the present momentous circumstances , that the public should not give credit to the resolutions of the house of commons until the assent of the house of lords had been obtained ? Was this the rule of conduct that was observed by Mr. Pitt , on his negotiation for a loan with the house of Boyd and Co. ? Did not parliament then think that they were in some measure bound even by the pledge of the minister ? And 528 could noble lords who had come into office , at least under an implied pledge , could they be the first to recommend the breach of a pledge which had been made by his majesty 's ministers ? There was another circumstance to which he begged the attention of their lordships ; some allusion had been made to the excitement of popular clamour ; but he would ask the house , in what part of the country that clamour was most excited ? Let noble lords look to Northampton ; let them look to the election advertisement of the chancellor of the exchequer , and let them then say whether , at the time of the riots in the year 1780 , more diligence or more zeal was then used by lord George Gordon to excite popular clamour , than had been made , use of on the occasion to which he alluded . He considered , in fact , that the act that gave sanction to such an outcry , without daring to avow its object , was most highly culpable . If , on the other hand , the circumstances which occasioned the late ministers to go out of office , were taken fully and seriously into consideration , he was firmly convinced that every liberal-minded man would most unequivocally declare that those facts were most highly honourable to his majesty 's late ministers . For the part of the country with which he was most particularly connected he could answer ( and they were a thinking set of people ) , that the great majority of them applauded the liberality of intention , and the firm and dignified constitutional conduct of his majesty 's late ministers . felt it necessary to make an observation on the allusion that had been made respecting the conduct of a noble friend of his whilst lord lieutenant of Ireland , under whom he had acted at that time . It was true that his noble friend , in his speech to the Irish parliament , recommended the granting of certain privileges to the catholics ; but these privileges were not intended to be extended farther , than was specified in the bill afterwards passed . Beyond this act , passed in 1793 , it was not intended to go one single step . remarked , that he was sorry to notice a difference between the present statement of the noble earl , and the speech which his noble friend had delivered from the throne in Ireland . In that speech it was stated , that the advantages given to the catholics of Ireland would be extended to Great Britain . This