Mr. Perceval was attorney-general , now he was to be chancellor of the exchequer . Mr. Canning was as fit to be foreign secretary in 1806 as he was now ; and lord Castlereagh quite as ready to be a secretary of state . Lord Mulgrave , indeed , was foreign secretary ; now he was thought the fittest man to preside over the navy . The duke of Montrose , from having been president of the board of trade , had been qualified to be master of the horse . The duke of Portland was the only accession , and so strange did such an appointment seem , that no man could believe that it was any thing but temporary ; and report gave it to lord Melville or marquis Wellesley . This really seemed probable , for why bring lord Melville into the privy council ? But if such an appointment took was confident it would give no satisfaction to the country . As to marquis Wellesley , he certainly was a person of infinite ability ; but as certain discussions would come on respecting that noble lord 's administration in India , he should not be provoked to say any thing upon the subject at present . Every thing concurred to shew , that some changes must take place , and this formed an additional reason why the house should express their opinion as to the administration which was formed . When he considered indeed , that previous to the late change not so many as seventy members in the house had ever expressed disapprobation of the measures of ministers , he would not believe till he saw it , that the same house which had approved their conduct , would refuse to express regret at their removal . Sorry he was , therefore , to see that the 467 right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) had forgot himself so far as to put his name to the assertion , that the church was in danger . It was impossible . Had he believed so , he would not have been so anxious to secure a place for life , in case of removal , knowing that the constitution would fall if the late ministers came into power , and being secure that while in power himself he could retain the duchy of Lancaster if he pleased . As to a dissolution of parliament , he was convinced that it could not be intended , particulaly when he saw a religious clamour raised ; because the malice of the devil himself could not have thought of preparing for a dissolution by the false and wicked cry of the church being in danger . said , it would not be necessary for him to argue at great length , after the very able speeches that had been made on the same side . He should be content to put the matter to the decision of the house , upon the single speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Milnes ) . He utterly denied that his majesty 's ministers had been the cause of introducing the king 's name and personal character so much into the present debate . The introduction of it in this manner was a novelty , from which he apprehended serious consequences to the constitution . The introduction of it , however , became necessary from the conduct of gentlemen on the other side of the house . The noble lord ( Howick ) had thought it due to his own character to come down to the house , and make a statement for the vindication of his conduct , which contained several confidential transactions between him and his majesty , that would otherwise not have been known to the house . That noble lord had pledged himself to the house to make that statement , even before he had obtained his majesty 's permission for that purpose ; but when the permission was obtained , and the statement made , it became necessary that a statement should be made on the other side ; and therefore the blame of