moment when his majesty 's late ministers relinquished the bill , in concession to his majesty 's scruples , they stood in the same situation as upon their first accession to office . They knew his majesty 's feelings . His majesty was aware that their sentiments were in favour of the concession . But their dereliction of the measure at that time , in deference to the royal opinion , was a tacit pledge that they would not again press it , unless under some extraordinary circumstances , which might render it more urgently necessary . Had it pleased his majesty then to await for this experience in the conduct of his ministers , and to see if they again endeavoured to press forward the measure , or submit it to parliament ; and if they did it contrary to his majesty 's wishes , they would have merited dismissal . The right of his majesty to change his ministers no man could deny ; but to have remained in power , or accept office upon any such condition as the pledge alluded to , was , in his opinion , contrary to every principle of ministerial duty , and directly in violation of the constitution . Had the business ended with the abandonment of the bill , by the late administration , the Catholics would only have to say , they had been abandoned by their friends , and would have still cherished the hope of being more fortunate at some future period . But by the dismissal of those friends from the councils of their sovereign , for no other reason than their declining to pledge themselves never 260 again , under any circumstances , to allude to the question , or any thing connected with it upon his majesty 's mind , they would be taught to consider , that the principle just declared by the noble earl , of never granting any farther concession to the catholics , was to be a part of the system of government : what the result of such conviction would be , he did not wish even to conjecture.—The question for adjournment to Wednesday se'ennight was then put and agreed to . then rose , and gave notice of his intention to bring forward a question on that day , upon the subject of the dismissal of his majesty 's late ministers , and moved , that their lordships be summoned for that day . brought in two bills , the one for amending the act of last session relative to the Provision for the Poor in Ireland , and the other for authorising Commissioners - in the superior Courts of Law in Ireland , to administer Oaths in the absence of the Judges.—Mr . Sheridan brought in a bill for the erection of a Bridge across the Thames , at or near Southampton-street , to the Surrey side of the River . They were each read a first time —Mr . Robson complained that several papers , & c. relative to the Barrack Department , which had been ordered to be printed four months ago had not yet reached the members of that house . The country had sustained considerable loss by such delays . He asked what benefit it could be to the house that papers were ordered to be printed for the use of the members , if they were to be suffered to remain for such a length of time in the printer 's hands ? And gave notice of a motion relative to the production of papers in that department , shortly after the ensuing recess.—Sir S. Romilly brought in a bill to make the Freehold Property of Tradesmen dying intestate liable to prosecutions for the recovery of their debts , which was read a first time.— The Treasurer of t he Navy 's Office Regulation bill , and the Sicilian Prize bill were read a third time and passed.—New writs were moved for the election of members to serve in parliament , for Northampton , in the room of the right hon . Spencer Perceval , who since his election had accepted of