noble lord , who , he was sure , gave the 9 preference where it was justly due ; but the noble lord had said , that it approached to a spirit of persecution for parliament to hesitate in appropriating the funds of the country to the support of those who preached a doctrine subversive of the religion of the country . He might be wrong ; it might be policy so to dispose of the national revenue : it might be called for by the true and enlightened spirit of Christian toleration . He certainly did not think it was . He had as great a regard for true toleration as any man . He would never restrain the free exercise of religious worship in any individual ; for he could not conceive that one man could commit a greater crime against another than by such an interference . But however strongly he might feel this sentiment , the application of it to any particular measure was a very different consideration . The noble lord proposed to open the army and navy to persons of all religions , and he founded this proposition on the Irish act of 1793 , and on the incongruity which this act produced . To this he could not bring himself to consent , without a much stronger case than that which was made out by the noble lord . If the grievances which had been stated by the noble lord ever existed in possibility , they had at least never been experienced in practice . There was not an instance of a single individual having been injured or prosecuted in consequence of them . Besides these grievances , if there were any , had existed not only since the union of Great Britain and Ireland , but since the union of England and Scotland ; for there was no difference between the inconvenience sustained by the catholic of Ireland , on entering his majesty 's service , and the inconvenience sustained by the presbyterian of Scotland or doing the same . The presbyterian of Scotland was sacrificed as much as the catholic of Ireland ; but had there been any disposition evinced on the part of the presbyterian of Scotland to withhold his services ? But setting this aside , he denied the proposition of the noble lord in point of law ; he denied that a catholic , who obtained a commission in Ireland , was liable to any penalties , called over to exercise his military duties in Great Britain . If this was not so , we should have an act which compelled a man to perform a certain duty , and which yet did not protect him in the execution of that duty which it compelled him to perform ; such an act was not to be found in the code of British and Irish jurisprudence . Did not the united parliament , which must be sup- 10 posed to be as well acquainted with the laws of Ireland as with the laws of Great Britain , pass every year a mutiny bill , which enabled the king to require the services of every man in his army in any part of his dominions to which he might think proper to summon him ; and was it to be supposed that be was insecure in doing that , the refusal to do which would subject him to be shot ? And after all , if any inconveniences actually did occur , the annual indemnity act would completely cover the case . This was , therefore , not a substantive grievance , and to ground the proposed measure on it was a mere pretence . There were ulterior causes for its being brought forward . What were they ? It was proposed to do away the restrictions by which catholics were prevented from holding superior commissions in the army , and this on arguments which would affect equally every situation in the country , civil as well as military . It certainly was a great discouragement in any profession that the professors could not arrive at the highest distinctions .