be liable to some objection , as to the detailed part of each particular society . The plan of his hon . friend , however , did not possess the least possible means of removing poverty from our door for an 549 instant , except in some few individual cases . He must , therefore , however reluctantly , oppose the motion of his hon . friend , whose humane and patriotic intentions must be fairly acknowledged and sincerely felt by every Englishman . contended against the principle laid down by his right hon . friend . Was it to be believed , that one of the most erudite men of his day , that an enlightened statesman of the nineteenth century , could stand forward in that house to argue against the universal diffusion of knowledge ? That a man who was himself the shining example of the great and good effects resulting from education , could now be an advocate for ignorance ? That the representative of a free people could say , that the people were the more free when they were the less enlightened ? His right hon . friend had said , that persons the most interested in any business were generally the least qualified for that business ; and had instanced such a position by one of those illustrations with which his right hon . friend more frequently amused than convinced the house . A patient , it had been said , was of all others the least capable of assisting himself . But what formed the grand distinction between brutes and human beings so circumstanced ? The latter could point out the seat of their disease , and thus direct the skill of the physician ; so that , to carry on the illustration , information was in a high degree essential to the patient . Much had been said respecting the increased burthens of the poor rates ; he contended for it that the proposed system of education would considerably reduce those burthens . In Scotland , the poor rates were almost nothing . In Westmoreland , and other English counties , where education in a greater proportion prevailed , the rates were in the same proportion lessened . As to the application to France , he thought it made for his argument ; for though those who were at the head of the Revolution might have been enlightened , was notorious that the instruments in the hands of those men were the most ignorant and brutal of the Parisian mob ; but it was singular , to hear such an argument from one , who , in introducing to that house the military plan that did him so much honour , had observed that the Scots made the best soldiers , and why ? because the Scots were in general the best educated . His right hon . friend then said , `` give me a soldiery of exalted character . '' He , ( Mr. Whitbread ) now said , give me a 550 peasantry of exalted character . It was education only that gave such character to either . It had been said that the illiterate peasantry would see sufficiently by the lights of the community in which they lived . He , for his part , could not understand how a man would be enabled to see better by a candle held by others than by one held by himself . Education might be said to be the panacea , if any thing human could be a panacea , for the ills to which our state was naturally subjected . As to the red hair and high cheekbones of the Scots , these were but physical allusions , neither seriously introduced , nor to be seriously commented upon : but as to the moral distinctions ; how were such to be ascertained ? He believed by the frequency or scarcity of crime . In Westmoreland , the best educated county in England , executions were scarcely known . Search the Newgate calendar . The great majority of those executed in London every year were Irish ; the next