had his doubts . He must again advert to the attempts which he perceived were made-to put him down . But gentlemen little knew him if they expected to succeed in such attempts . He would raise his voice and speak the sentiments of an honest and independent member of parliament . He had now said what he had to say upon this question , and gentlemen had defeated their own purpose ; for if they had not so interrupted him , he should have sat down much sooner . declared , that in his view of the subject , the measure now proposed did not bear upon the constitution of the country . There was no clause in this bill that went to provide for the establishment of the catholic clergy , either in the army or navy . It did not militate either against the bill of rights or the act of settlement , and he should feel sorry if such an impression as this were made upon the public mind . said , this measure appeared to him to be one which called for the serious attention of the house . The country had been deprived for a long time of the services of a large body of people , and now that a fair opportunity offered for granting the present boon , he trusted the time was come , when no honest catholic would be deprived of the opportunity of serving his country . lamented , that upon the introduction of this measure , an alarm should have been raised , as if it would draw the protestant establishments of England and Ireland into danger . He hoped gentlemen would come to the consideration of this question without prejudice . It was a question of importance , and its tendency was to prevent the natives of Ireland from being banished from the ranks of military fame and glory at home , and being drawn into the service of foreign countries . This measure went to secure their services at home , and ought therefore to be examined upon its own merits . The principles of the revolution ought always to beheld in the greatest veneration ; but when the house looked to the 17 objects of that revolution , there would be found to be two principal objects in view , namely , the religious and civil liberties Of the country . With respect to the latter , he trusted they would never be attended to by a British parliament , and that that house would look with incessant jealousy to any measure that tended to overthrow the liberties of the country ; but , with respect to the other object , the protestant religion , it should be remembered , that the question was then , whether a popish house should sit upon the throne ? But would any man pretend , that there was a similar danger now ? or that the popish religion was ever likely to gain such an establishment in parliament , as to endanger the protestant religion ? He was sure that such danger was remote indeed ; and that in the present measure , no scintilla of danger of this sort was likely to arise ; and he also trusted , that the house would not partake of that alarm , which the hon . and learned gent . had endeavoured to create . thought certainly that gentlemen should not be too hasty to take an alarm , till they saw the bill . But with regard to the catholic religion , he considered its spirit to be as hostile to the liberties of this country , as any arbitrary power could be . He trusted that there was no dread of any foreign conqueror ; but should a succesful and formidable usurper , who has cemented tyranny wherever he has gone , penetrate to Ireland , and avail himself of the Pope 's bull , for the re-establishment of the catholic religion in that country , he could not think , that additional indulgences would ensure the loyalty of that body . He was far from thinking that