, but goes as well to a passive acquiescence in deliberating , as to an active assistance in carrying them into effect . Suppose , for instance , that a dispatch was sent to the lord lieutenant of Ireland , and that the noble secretary for the home department was ignorant of its contents ; if he afterwards contributed in the slightest degree to give efficacy and extent to that dispatch , then I do affirm that he would be , in the spirit of the constitution , fully responsible to this house and to the country , for the consequences of that measure , whatever they might be . But , let us view the circumstances of this transaction . Let us , my lords , consider the various links by which the appointment of the new ministry is connected with the causes which led to the change in his majesty 's councils . The noble lords on the opposite side , pretend not to be ignorant of the events , and of those circumstances which immediately led to the result . With such information , they assisted in executing the threat which was held out to obtain the written assurance from the late ministry ; and , therefore , in my opinion , the responsibility upon them is much stronger . I will go further , and contend , that the very acceptance of their offices , after the knowledge they admit to have , of such a pledge being demanded , is , in the sound doctrine of the constitution , a sufficient ground for holding his majesty 's present ministers responsible , both for the changes which have taken place , and the pledge which has been required . Were his majesty 's present ministers even to say , It is true , we know that such a requisition was made , but we were not parties to it , and even for ourselves have refused ; still the constitution considers them responsible . In the good times of this country , when the 405 strong feeling of constitutional jealousy actuated every man in the state , there was no argument , no excuse , no palliation , for any inroad on the just and acknowledged privileges of the people . When my lord Somers himself , that able statesman , to whose talents and patriotism the country was so peculiarly indebted , when even he , I say , pleaded to parliament , upon the discussion of the Partition Treaty , that he was no party to the measure , it refused to listen to the justification . It spoke in the sound , stern , and salutary language of the constitution , that he who assists , that he who lends his name and sanction and character to carry it into execution , is the responsible person . At whatever period it might be ascertained that he engaged in it , or whether there were others who had previously introduced it , was not a matter of much consequence . The country has a concurrent judgment against them all , might bring them to the bar of this or the other house of parliament , and arraign them for the mischiefs which were the result . What was lord Danby 's case ? In his own defence he produced a letter , that was written by the king 's order . But it did not avail him : wherever it originated , he was responsible for the execution . The present ministers might say , We have not agreed to any such pledge . The answer was , that in receiving their offices , they were bound by the spirit of that requisition , that they had virtually given it . Having shewn the late administration as a warning , the executive could say , You know the conditions upon which you are called to my councils ; you are aware of the kind of men suited to my opinions . In fact , the very nature of the transaction , proves to the most common understanding , that his majesty himself felt he