aristocracy , and at the same time weakens the crown . Indeed , the way these gentlemen have taken to shew their attachment to their sovereign is altogether singular ; they begin by advising him to require his ministers to violate their oath , and , in so doing , to make a direct attack upon that part of the constitution on which his personal security , principally depends : they then ask him to give them their places for life , that is , to make these completely independent of him , and out of the reach of any change in his opinion as to their merits ; and lastly , they desire him to corder as many honours upon their friends at one blow , as would form , if properly managed , a source of influence for 10 years to come ; that is , in order to confirm Ins authority , they persuade him to mortgage and anticipate the resources from which it is derived.—Sir , I will not abuse the indulgence of the house , by taking up more of their time : before I sit down I will however say a single word as to another intended step of the present government ; I mean the use of a prerogative of the crown , an undoubted prerogative indeed ; but the exercise of which , in this particular instance , and in the actual circumstances of the country , would , I will not hesitate to say , be the most audacious , the most desperate , and the most revolutionary measure that has taken place in England for a century past . This step has even been held out in terrorem by the right hon . secretary , in order to influence the vote of a 450 former night . With what decency , and with what good sense , I leave the house itself to determine . We all of us remember Mr. Pitt , the greatest and proudest minister this country ever saw , sitting in the place where the right hon . secretary now sits ; a man whose commanding genius and irresistible eloquence might have excused a somewhat too high tone of authority : but Mr. Pitt himself , in the zenith of his power and glory , a power which even a dissolution of parliament will hardly give to the present ministers , and a glory which will hardly be rivalled even by the present first lord of the treasury ; even he always treated the house of commons with respect , nor did he so far lose his temper , and along with it his prudence and his sense of propriety , as to threaten at the conclusion of a debate , when he apprehended that the vote of the evening was not likely to satisfy him , to appeal to the country , and send us back to our constituents . Sir , I trust that the house will treat this menace with proper indignation and contempt , and that it will shew by its decision this night , that it knows how to appreciate those ministers , who are , by their own confession , unable to maintain their ground a single moment , except by expedients which a strong government would despise , and of which a good government would be ashamed . could not refrain from returning thanks to the hon . mover , for the opportunity which he afforded him of expressing his opinion of the integrity and meritorious conduct of the late ministers . This would be an easy task , and might be done in a few words ; but under the circumstances of the country at this moment , the question could not rest here , for it involved the public interest and public opinion which should be regarded , notwithstanding the menaces of a dissolution of parliament The house would feel that this was a moment of the greatest anxiety in every point of view . We were engaged in a most expensive war against the most formidable enemy this country had ever encountered ; it was a