communication , with the draft of a dispatch in answer , admitting that interpretation of the former dispatch which was put upon it by the Catholics , is sent down to his majesty at Windsor by an ordi- 293 nary messenger , without any great pains , I understand , being taken to draw the royal attention to the novelty of the case ; in short , with just as little ceremony as if it were an ordinary dispatch to a foreign minister . Now , sir , as a new case had arisen entirely different from the former , did it not behove his majesty 's ministers immediately to bring on the most unequivocal explanation ? Did it not behove them to state to the king that it was quite another thing to which his consent was now required ? That he had originally acceded to a limited removal of restraints , but that this went to an unlimited one ? If it were judged necessary in the first instance , as I understand it was , to send a cabinet minister to explain the subject to the king , was it not ten thousand times more necessary to do so now ? At first , his majesty was only asked to agree to that being law in England which had long been so in Ireland ; but the new proposal was to make that law now , which had never been so before in any part of the empire . The first went to laying open to the Catholics commissions from the rank of colonel downwards ; this , to placing them in the command of armies . But , sir , though the personal intercession , and verbal explanation and discussion of a cabinet minister was judged necessary in the case of minor importance , a written document , sent by a common messenger , was thought sufficient , when the superior importance of the case was beyond the reach of comparison . This dispatch is returned from Windsor without any comment . What was the natural inference from this circumstance ? Was it not that either his majesty did not exactly see the extent of the measure , or that he reserved his objections for a personal interview with his ministers ? Could it rationally be supposed , when so much difficulty had been found in obtaining his majesty 's consent to the original limited measure , to the mere correction of a legal anomaly , that upon so slight au explanation the king would at once give up those scruples , which I have before stated to have such a sacred and constitutional foundation ? That he would at once agree to such an extensive diminution of the Catholics ' disabilities , though he had always held it unwise to do so in a political sense , and impossible to do so in a religious sense ? Could it rationally be supposed that the distinction between religious toleration and political power , which the king had so 294 steadily adhered to , would at once be done away ? Or did ministers think that a miracle had been worked upon the royal mind in their favour ? Most certainly they could not attribute this wonderful change to the effect of their wisdom in argument , or the influence of their persuasive eloquence , for it does not appear that , upon this most important occasion , they had taken much pains to exert either . Would it not then have been wise , assuredly it would have been more decorous to have delayed sending the dispatch to Ireland till an opportunity occurred of having an audience of his majesty , when a verbal explanation on the subject might take place ? But , no , sir , the dispatch is sent away immediately . His majesty comes to London very soon , and at the first interview with his ministers , upon the nature of the intended bill being explained to him , he gives the measure his most decided disapprobation . But , says the noble viscount , I did not understand this disapprobation