the statement of facts advanced by the gallant general in support of them ; he was decidedly for the most speedy abolition of so disgraceful a traffic . thought the immediate abolition of the trade imposible . was of a contrary opinion , and thought that the measure , to be effectual , must be speedy . warmly contended for the necessity of immediate abolition.—The question being loudly called for , the committee divided . For the immediate abolition 175 Against it 17 Majority 158 stated that he had received a letter from the lord president of the Court of Session in Scotland , addressed to him as lord high chancellor , purporting to be a Memorial from the College of Justice , which was signed by the lord president and ten other judges , with a note of dissent from the four remaining judges . It adverted to the bill before the house for the better regulation of the courts of justice in Scotland , and stated , that it was of great importance that they should be permitted to lay before the house certain considerations relative to that subject . As he could not , from the form of the memorial , move that it should be now laid upon the table , he wished to receive their lordship 's instruction as to the course of proceeding which he should adopt . He therefore moved that the lords should be summoned for the next day.—Ordered . The house , on the motion of the Secretary at War , having gone into a committee on the Mutiny bill , made a few observations on the momentous object of the bill , which went to preserve the civil power from all possibility of military encroachment ; he then read some of the clauses which he wished to have made part of the bill . Officers or soldiers charged with capital offences , to be turned over to the civil magistrate ; but no officer to be ipso facto cashiered for not aiding the civil power , until convicted of such charge before a court of justice . Another clause was introduced and agreed to , enacting that a mark shall be fixed on the bodies of deserters who have been twice guilty of desertion . Another clause compelled deserters to serve for life , and made such forfeit additional pay and pension . A further clause required that no person should be sentenced to the loss of life or limb , or to transportation , by a general court martial , consisting of less than thirteen officers . The clause relative to the enlisting money , as also that providing compensation for masters whose servants or labourers may have enlisted before the time contracted for had expired , gave rise to a short conversation between Mr. R. Dundas , sir T. Turton , colonel Barry , Mr. Rose and Mr. Secretary Windham , when , after a slight amendment of the latter , both were agreed to . The remaining clauses , including one declaring all negroes in his majesty 's service free to all intents and purposes , were then severally read and agreed to , and , on the house resuming , the report was ordered to be received the next day . brought up the report of the Slave Trade Abolition bill . On the motion that the amendments be read a second time , and said , that before the amendments were read , he was anxious to advert to what had passed on a former occasion , and propose , what he flattered himself would be sufficient to obviate certain objections ; in doing this , however , he begged to be understood as not in the slightest degree swerving from the opinions he had advanced , and still entertained , of the principles of the bill itself . He wished to give gentlemen , who had started their objections , every possible accommodation ; 64 and though he could not see how the preamble of the bill in its present form could be productive of the ill consequences that had been so strongly apprehended