in the consideration of the house . It was for the house to determine whether such precedent had any reference to the present case . Anxious as he was to obtain the instructions and opinion of so learned and venerable a body as the Court of Session , and naturally alive to the feelings and wishes of his native country , he still could not forget that he had to preserve the rights and privileges , the dignity and character , of the house . With such an impression , and in so delicate and important a matter , he felt it the most advisable method to govern himself by the wisdom and judgment of their lordships . declared himself particularly satisfied with the motives and reasons which had induced his noble and learned friend to apply to their lordships for advice and instruction in the present case . But , though willing to give every credit for the caution which was observe , he still must assert , that the usages and forms of parliament , the practice and precedents of the house , were conclusive against the receiving of this memorial from the Court of Session . Parliament had uniformly , for the best and most salutary reasons , denied to any person or body , the right or opportunity of giving advice upon subjects submitted to its legislative consideration . This was of itself mandatory on their lordships , not to receive the communication alluded to by his noble and learned friend . But there was a further objection , arising from the uniform custom of the house , not to allow even petitions to be laid upon its table , coming from any alleged body , unless that body were legally and justifiably entitled to approach the legislature in a corporate capacity . He was convinced his noble and learned friend felt upon this subject , as he did ; although he was conscious of the strong and powerful inducements which urged him to apply to their lordships . There was considerable attention to be paid to the venerable and learned body from whom this communication was received . This his noble and learned friend 68 felt , together with an unwillingness to decide a question of such weighty importance on his own private opinion and conviction . With respect to the precedents referred to in the memorial , they would be found , on examination , by no means to apply to the present case . Whatever might be the nature of the connexion of the Court of Session , with the parliament of Scotland , one fact was clear , that no inference could be drawn from that circumstance , in any manner affecting the practice or decision of the house . It was unnecessary to enter into the minute differences : he should satisfy himself by saying , that the parliament of this country was so essentially different in its construction from the parliament of Scotland , that no act of the latter could be supposed as a justified precedent , by which the house should regulate itself . But the reference to the act of Sederunt , in the year 1717 , when an application was made by the Court of Session , to lords of parliament , was , in his opinion , equally inapplicable to the present case ; because it appeared , from an examination of that precedent , that the lords of the Court of Session applied only in the manner of remonstrance , to some lords who constituted a part of their court , and also fulfilled the duties of lords of parliament . He felt it impossible for the house to receive the memorial ; at the same time that he was free to admit , that the house might receive much desirable information from having the opinion of that learned body laid before it . It was in their power to avail themselves of the right of petitioning according to the sanctioned and acknowledged principles of parliament . For his own part , he was extremely anxious to have the house put in possession of