fully justify , the steps which he had taken in his own vindication . But , whatever might be the cause in this particular instance , it must be admitted to be highly desirable and important , that such a proceeding should not be drawn into precedent . Some of the consequences of it already began to be seriously felt . Their lordships were now called upon to vote a resolution , founded on alledged facts , to be collected from a speech , delivered on a former occasion , of which , consistently with the privileges of that house , there could be no existing memorial ; —but without any 390 record on their journals , or any document on their table ; in fine , without such a basis as the house would require to sustain a proceeding even on an occasion the most unimportant . As , however , certain particulars had been stated , it was indispensably necessary that they should be fully detailed and correctly understood , in order that the transaction to which they applied , might be placed in its true and proper light . Under this impression , he relied on the patience and indulgence of their lordships , whilst he laid before them such information as appeared to him to be material for this purpose ; which however he should not presume to do , without the sanction of that authority , under which the noble baron ( lord Grenville ) had himself addressed them on a former day . [ Lord Sidmouth was here interrupted by the earl of Radnor ; who objected to his lordship 's proceeding in the detail upon which he appeared to be entering , as being irregular in point of order , and not to be justified even by the permission to which lord S. had alluded . His lordship said he should have given the same interruption on a former occasion , if he had been present when similar topics were first introduced by a noble baron , lately at the head of the government . ] Lord Sidmouth replied , that , whatever might have been the objection to the agitation of this question in the first instance , which he felt , and had before expressed ; he could not but throw himself on the justice and impartiality of the house , to be allowed the same indulgence , which others had experienced , whilst he endeavoured to state such circumstances , as came within his own particular knowledge , and which , he thought , were absolutely necessary to the right understanding of the transaction ; professing at the same time , that he was not apprehensive that he should have occasion to disclose any thing which would not be sanctioned by the allowance he had received , consistently with the obligation under which he had acted , as a confidential adviser of the crown . He then proceeded to state , that the noble baron had asserted on a former day , that , up on his entrance into office at the commencement of the last year , no declaration , or pledge had been required of him on the subject of the Catholic question ; of this he could entertain no doubt : and he further owed it to that noble lord , and to those of his colleagues who concurred with him ( lord G. ) in opinion on that subject , to declare , that he believed it to have been their earnest wish 391 and fixed intention to avoid any discussion of it , or of any topics connected with it , as far as it could be done consistently with what appeared to them to be due to their own character and to their conscientious sense of public duty . As to himself , he had at the period when the late administration was formed , and at his first interview with the noble baron , and with a right hon . gent . now no more , ( Mr. Fox , ) strongly expressed his hope that the subject would not again be agitated