from it . He had differed with the noble lords opposite on the catholic claims , and on that subject he , could understand their arguments ; but it was otherwise with respect to this measure . Had they any reason to think that this measure would have satisfied the catholics , or , that having obtained this , they would not equally desire every thing else ? This measure was to give them the sword , but to refuse them every thing beside ; and yet he had never conversed with any person upon the subject , who would not rather grant to the catholics what his majesty 's ministers by this measure refused them , and refuse what they granted . He was adverse to the measure , because it would grant what was dangerous to give , and what was not calculated to give satisfaction , or to produce content.— He came next to consider the misunderstanding that had taken place upon the subject . In observing upon this part of the statement of the noble baron , and in supplying some particulars which had been omitted by him , he did not feel any inclination to detract from the credit due to the noble baron 's statement , or to give a partial colour to the case . If he should be guilty of any inaccuracy , the noble baron would , he trusted , correct him ; for in the observations which he proposed to make , he was actuated by a desire of promoting the honour of the crown , the dignity of the king , and , with reference to themselves , of discharging a most scrupulous duty . The noble baron had accurately stated that the measure had originated in the dispatch from the Irish government . That dispatch had been laid before his majesty , and upon an attentive perusal of the contents of that dispatch , he was of the opinion of his noble friend , that all that was desired in the dispatch was the extension of the provisions of the Irish act generally : this was the impression upon his mind on reading the dispatch , and the same impressions seemed to have been felt by Mr. Elliot , who , when asked by the catholic deputies , whether the measure was to remove the limitations of the Irish act , declined an explicit answer , till he should refer the question to the British government . His majesty had , in the first instance , un-equivocally and strongly declared his disapprobation of the measure . In consequence of this disapprobation , a long cabinet minute had been laid before his majesty , detailing , in an able manner , the reasons for the adoption 250 of the measure , with a view to induce him to retract his objection , and to consent to a measure of a limited nature . It was impossible , therefore , that either the noble viscount , or the noble and learned lord , could have supposed that the measure was to go further than to make the provisions of the Irish act general . A. doubt might indeed have been felt , and he had entertained that feeling , whether the measure was only to include Irish catholics or the catholics of the empire . But upon a more attentive perusal of the minute , he , was convinced that it had been . proposed to extend the provisions of the measure to the catholics of the empire . He stated this to prove , that by every argument which had been used to obtain his majesty 's consent to the measure , it was clear that the bill proposed was only to extend the provisions of the Irish bill . His majesty was assured , that it was only the same measure to which he had consented in 1793 , and that the present measure was only intended to carry into effect that act , according to the principle upon which it had been enacted . That principle had been to give to the catholics the privilege of holding