and the growers of grain need not be jealous of such an interference with them , since , were it judged proper to permit a free export of grain to the West Indies , more would be so exported than the distilleries now took off , arid with additional advantage to the islands.—The permission to America to take sugar and coffee in return for the lumber and provisions she supplied , had been granted formerly , and might be granted again , either experimentally , and as a temporary relief , or under certain permanent limits , without any 100 detrimental interference with the colonial system , the value of which he was not disposed in general to contest , or unnecessarily to interfere with its restrictions . But there was another subject on which he was very little inclined to dwell , as he knew that it stood connected with many great and important interests ; yet the welfare and support of the colonies was unquestionably one of those interests , and it might be right for the committee to enquire how far the welfare and very existence of our own colonies were endangered by the consideration which we persist in paying to the claims of neutrals , in forbearing to impede , as in time of war we might , the transit of our enemy 's colonial produce to the European markets , under all the advantage and security of the neutral flags , thus taking away the inducement which the enemy might have to except colonial produce from the rigour of his general exclusion of our commerce . Certain he was , that none of the neutrals , not America herself , could have one interest more dear and valuable than that of preventing Great Britain from sinking in a contest , in which she was the bulwark of all that remained of independence in the civilized world , and in which she must certainly sink , if she be not enabled to avail herself of her wonted resources , arising from the industry of her subjects in every part of her extended empire.—For these reasons he trusted that there world be no objection to his motion . The noble lord who now conducted the finance department ( lord H. Petty ) had expressed his approbation of the measure ; that noble lord had been educated in sound principles of political science , and he trusted that while he collected the stream of public prosperity , he would not neglect its source.—The hon . gent . then moved , `` That the petition of the West India planters , merchants , and others , be referred to a select committee of this house to consider the same , and to report , from time to time , to the house , their opinions and observations thereon . '' begged to enter his protest against the statement of the hon . gent . that either the present administration , or the one that preceded it , or that of lord Sidmouth , had been either cool or indifferent respecting the interests of the colonies . The American intercourse bill of last session shewed the attention of the present ministers to the wants and accommodation of the colonies . felt himself called upon by the allusion to the American intercourse bill , to 101 state , that he still considered it as an injurious measure . If not for that , the whole shipping trading to the colonies would , in a year or two , be in the hands of this country . Not more than one sixth of the manufactures exported from this country was sent to Spanish America . defended the American intercourse bill from the statement of the right hon . gent. , who had gone so much out of his way to repeat his former opinion upon that measure . He should be happy to meet that hon . gent . on the subject , and was confident he could prove that the measure was highly beneficial to the colonies . The only difficulty that had arisen respecting it , was , that the