of Buonaparte , who nominated the bishop , and he the priest . There was at this moment an army in Ireland in the pay of Buonaparte . Gentlemen talked of conciliating the higher 325 orders of the Roman Catholics . Who were the higher orders ? He knew not where to find them . He was sure there were not forty Roman Catholic gentlemen in Ireland of 1000l . a year each . In order to make those concessions to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , which were intended to be given by the late bill , there must be a repeal of the Test act , and of any other acts against the Catholics . Yet gentlemen went on to say , that this would not endanger the established church . What had already been the consequence ? When the account of this bill arrived in Ireland , the Roman Catholics called a public meeting ; and a Mr. Keogh laughed to scorn the whole of the measure , as not containing enough of concession ; and in menacing terms , declared they would have all , or none . If the powers given to lord Cornwallis , to lord Hardwicke , and to the duke of Bedford he believed also , were continued , and proper powers by them delegated to the magistrates , he would engage there would be no rebellion , in Ireland . There had been menaces of rebellion , but there would be none . The lower orders of the Roman Catholics who had been guilty of disturbances , had neither leaders . arms , nor property . He knew them well . He had lived all his life in Ireland ; and had been in every part of it . If a French army were landed in Ireland , he believed they would join it , to a man . There had now been an impudent convention-demand , nay , a direct menace , in case their petition was not complied with . This he considered to be the consequence of the concessions intended to be made to them , by a noble lord , not in that house , whose administration , he always thought , meant to subvert the Protestant religion.— to order . He said , the honourable and learned doctor had , if he understood him right , stated that there was a noble lord , not in that house , who had endeavoured to subvert the protestant religion , a crime of the greatest magnitude ; and he called on him , if he were a man , to name that noble lord , that he might be arraigned at the bar of the house , and brought to that punishment which his crime deserved . desired , that if the hon . gent . knew of any noble lord who had been guilty of so great a crime , he would name him , as he thought it was his duty to do . said , he apprehended that every member had a right , according to the order of that house , to deliver his sentiments in such terms as he should choose , provided he did it with decency ; and that he was not bound to name whom he alluded to , nor to 326 make any excuse , but such as he might think proper to make . said , if it was not too late , he would wish the words to be taken down . said , that in cases when any thing had intervened before it was desired to take down the words , it was too late to make such a motion . wished to know whether he had rightly comprehended what the hon . and learned doctor had said . He understood him to say , that a noble lord , a privy counsellor to his majesty , had attempted to subvert the Protestant religion . The honourable and learned gent . ought , therefore , to name him , that he might be proceeded against as such a crime deserved . apprehended the order of the