in compliance with the suggestion thrown out yesterday by the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) , he should not press upon the committee the amendment he had at first intended to propose to the noble lord 's plan ; at the same time , he could not see how that amendment could have by any possibility given rise to any alarm in the public mind , and furnished any pretext for charging parliament with a breach of public faith in that instance . admitted that it would not have been a substantial breach of faith , inasmuch as the war taxes on customs would have supplied a sufficient surplus , but at the same time contended , that it was anominal breach of public faith , and being totally unnecessary , would be much better let alone , if the ambition of the new chancellor of the exchequer did not prompt him to have some change or other in the plan ; to gratify therefore the right hon . gent. , he 432 ( lord , II . Petty ) , should not object to it , as the change did not appear to him to be absolutely mischievous . said , that the new chancellor of the exchequer entertained the newest financial doctrines he had ever heard . The right hon . gent . 's argument went to say , that the consolidated fund was as productive without as with the war taxes . He fancied , however , that the right hon . gent . would have found the plain plodding understanding of the city quite averse to the subtle genius of the right hon . gent . He denied that the intended improvement was given up as an act of grace to his side of the house , for the right hon . gent . while he was driven to an abandonment of it , would fain have the house to understand that he had volunteered in abandoning it.—After a short conversation , the amendment was agreed to . The other amendments were then read and agreed to . After which , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . After the names of defaulters on the two last ballots were called over , on the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , it was ordered , that the members who should be absent at the ballot and call of the house the following day , without a sufficient excuse being assigned , should be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms.—Mr . White then delivered in at the bar the names of the members remaining on the reduced list of the East Looe election committee , which were as follow : lord John Campbell , hon . Edw . Finch , sir J. Frederick ; W. M'Dowall , esq . F. B. Foljambe , esq . Robert Cartwright , esq . lord Lismoie , G. Longman , esq . W. Tighe , esq . Price , esq . A. Campbell , esq . C. P. Leslie , esq . sir R. Barclay ; nominees , W. Jacob , esq . Hiley Addington , esq . and said , that in prefacing the resolution which he should do himself the honour to move , he would avoid , as much as possible , a repetition of any of the topics that were urged on the important and memorable debate of Thursday last , although so much extraneous matter had on that evening been introduced , that it would be difficult completely to steer clear of such a repetition . On the question that had been then discussed , he 433 must be allowed to say a few words . Deeply did he lament that it had been disposed of in the way in which it had been , not so much on account of the importance of the question itself , important as it undoubtedly was , as because it seemed that the house were disposed to evade the decision of a great constitutional question ; a cowardice in the house of commons