such as was ever given for a loan , but throw them merely on the chance surplus in the consolidated fund , when peace should be restored . said , that the public creditor was not entitled to more from the war taxes , than a security for the interest of the loan , and for the sinking fund created . As to charging loans on the surplus of the consolidated fund , it was not so extraordinary as had been represented . The chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland ( sir John Newport ) had charged any deficiency in the product of the sugar tax upon the surplus of the Irish consolidated fund . said , the arguments of the right hon. , for he could no more call him the learned , gent. , were such as could not be excused in a man who had been five days chancellor of the exchequer . If he were appealed to as a lawyer , he could not argue that it would be better for his client to have one security than two , and that if he already had two , it would be doing him no injury to take away one of them . There never was an instance of any loan charged upon the consolidated fund without making some increase to it by taxes . If the right hon . gent . would assign 1,200,000l . taxes , for the interest and sinking fund of the loan of this year , he would be content ; but if he did not , the contractors had , in common justice , a right to the security for which they originally bargained . stated , that the difference in the case of the Irish loan was , that it was secured upon annual , and not upon permanent taxes . said , that no absurdity could , in practice , be greater than that of assigning a portion only of the war taxes for the loan . It would be impossible to tell the collectors of the customs or excise , that they must stop collecting the taxes when they had got so much money . He did not , however , now wish to press his amendment , if it did not meet the sense of the house ; but it appeared to him that the house had an undoubted right to substitute the security of the consolidated fund for that of any particular taxes said , that , in the present case , there was no substitution at all . The 431 right hon . gent . 's idea would go merely to take from the contractors of the loan one of their securities , without giving them any thing in the place of it . As to the general security of the consolidated fund , and the faith of parliament , they were already possessed of that . The right hon . gent. , therefore , appeared to him to wish to take from them the specific security of the war taxes , without giving them any thing else in the place of it.—After a variety of explanations , it was resolved to postpone the discussion till to-morrow . A ballot took place for a committee to determine the merits of the petition complaining of an undue election for Westminster ; the following members compose the committee : —W . Tuffnell , esq . sir C. W. Bamfylde , sir Jacob H. Astley , lord Porchester , T. Foley , esq . sir H. D. Hamilton , bart . N. Sneyd , esq . G. Campbell , esq sir L. Palke , bart . W. Lushington , esq . A. Hamilton , esq . W. Honeywood , esq . G. Colclough , esq . ; nominees , Edward Morris , esq . sir John Doyle . The petitioner having waved his right to appoint a nominee , Mr. Morris was chosen , pursuant to the provisions of the act , by the thirteen members remaining on the reduced list . The house resolved itself into a committee on the Loan Interest bill . said , that