the committee , in order that the hon mover might have an opportunity of bringing it out of the committee in the form in which he wished to submit his measures to the consideration of the house . This Would divide the consideration of the complicated question , and save a great deal of observation . After this proceeding , he hoped the hon . member would have no objection to give the house an opportunity of considering each of the distinct bills , by consenting to their re-commitment . said , that as the hon . gent . had signified his intention of letting two of the four hills lie over till next session ; he thought it would be very adviseable in him to postpone the four bills , until they had been submitted to the cool and deliberate consideration of the country . took occasion no observe , that since he had presented a petition from Norwich , against one of the clauses contained in the original bill , he had been informed by the hon . mover that the nature of that clause had been entirely misunderstood by the petitioners . wished to see distinctly the whole extent of the plan proposed by the hon . gent . and , to give time for mature deliberation , he wished the measure to stand over to another session . was fearful , lest , whilst endeavouring to remedy partial evils , more serious ones might be introduced , and particularly animadverted on that part of the bill for building cottages . in allusion to what had fallen from an hon . gent . respecting Mr. Pitt 's Corn acts , adverted to the great advantage derived by Ireland from the Corn Intercourse act , passed by the late ministry , who had always paid so much attention to the interests of Ireland . observed , that the present system of poor laws was a bad one , and that something ought to be done to re- 493 medy the evil , and the sooner the remedy was introduced the better . would not oppose the committal of the bill , but he wished to know whether it was intended to abandon for the present the equalization of the county rates , as there was a bill now before the house for the equalization of the rates in Kent , which might be stopt , if the thing should be done by this bill . said , that he would endeavour to shew that the object of his hon . friend ( Mr. Curwen ) for stopping the accumulation of the poor rates immediately , was chimerical . It was very fine in language , but how was it to be done ? As to the equalization of the county rates , he would wish to go on with it at present , and if he should abandon it for the present , it should be only in consequence of the opinion of others . would not object to the committal of the bill , but he had such serious objections to the greater part of it , that he thought it would be better to postpone the measure till next session.—The Speaker left the chair , and Mr Hobhouse stated that the best way would be to read first , all the clauses that were to form the first bill , postponing the rest , and so on , with regard to the four bills into which it was intended to divide the present bill , find to negative such clauses as were not to be passed this session . proposed that his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) should be allowed to proceed to form his four bills for the present , and that each should be re-committed , when they might be discussed.—Mr . Simeon , Mr. Fellowes , and Mr . Pole Carew , wished the bills not to be pressed this session , as the house would not have an opportunity of discussing them in all their stages , usually allowed for discussion on bills of importance , the bill having already