there could be any man in that house who had front enough to maintain , that after the Irish act had been sanctioned , which allowed the Catholics to hold certain commissions , it would be a violation of that oath to allow them to hold the rank of generals ? The idea was quite untenable , as indeed , in his judgment , was every other proposition which would impress an opinion that to concede to the claims of the Catholics would at all interfere with that general system which the coronation oath bound the king to maintain . The noble lord reprobated in strong terms the artifices resorted to by ministers and their adherents , to excite a fanatical spirit in the country . He shewed , that so far from the present ministers being uniformly approved of by Mr. Pitt , as a noble lord ( Mulgrave ) had stated , that illustrious person had on many occasions marked very particularly his disapprobation of the greater part of them , and quoted the instances in which he condemned the conduct of some of them , particularly lord Hawkesbury , when presiding at the foreign department . The noble lord observed upon the explanation , which he had laid 421 before the house with respect to the Catholic bill , and the pledge required of himself and his colleagues , and concluded with stating , that from the manner in which the present administration was formed , and the persons of which it was composed , he could not think of giving it his support . contended that the whole of the statement made by the noble baron , and of the debates to which that statement gave rise , were proceedings altogether irregular and unparliamentary . The noble baron had accused him and his colleagues of being the first set of ministers who had shrunk from responsibility , and meanly endeavoured to shelter themselves under the wings of their sovereign . He would tell that noble baron , that he and his colleagues were the first ministers who , in order to cloak their own misconduct and absurdities , had so strangely ventured to arraign the personal conduct of his majesty at their lordships ' bar . He ( lord Hawkesbury ) had acted from a sense of duty in accepting a place in the present administration ; and as long as he was conscious of acting upon such grounds , he should never shrink from the responsibility , to whatever extent it might be carried , to which his official situation made him liable . He had always been adverse to granting any further concessions to the Catholics , and even to cherishing any such hope in their minds . It was that hope which kept Ireland in a state of continual ferment and agitation , and until it was laid at rest , there would be no permanent tranquillity in that country . The Catholics of Ireland were , he was certain , perfectly grateful for the many indulgences which the whole reign of his majesty was distinguished for granting to them : and equally confident did he feel , that they would demonstrate that gratitude by their steady loyalty , and falsify the contrary prophecies , in which the noble baron seemed so much inclined to indulge . to reply to some allusions that had been made to his conduct , while at the head of the Irish government . The noble earl denied that he was tied by any pledge , on entering into the present administration , and concluded with giving his support to the motion for adjournment . agreed with his noble friend ( lord Hawkesbury ) in representing the present and a former discussion as wholly new , irregular , and unparliamentary . Indeed , he thought the sense of their lordships should be strongly marked to that effect on their Journals . As to the insinuations that had been personally thrown out against himself , as having been one of those who secretly advised his majesty to dismiss his late ministers , he should treat them only with the