might undergo a fair examination , being convinced that the result of free discussion always was , that the cause of truth would flourish and prevail.—The noble Lord then moved for leave to bring in the bill as stated in the motion ; which was agreed to without a division . The bill was read a first time and ordered to be read a second time this day se'nnight . brought up the Report of the Committee of supply . On the resolution for granting 80,000l , to make good a like sum granted to the King of Prussia , regarding this grant as the first instalment a subsidy to Prussia , and regarding subsidies , though they might be wise in some circumstances , as very generally unwise , felt , himself bound , to state his sentiment at some length . He would recal the attention of the house to the subsidies granted since the commencement of the late war , every one of which it was thought hard to refuse at the time , but everyone of which had altogether failed of 21 producing the benefits expected from it . He first instanced the subsidy to the King of Sardinia , agreed upon in 1793 , the amount of which was to be 200,000l . a year during the war . But the King of Sardinia was obliged to make a separate peace in less than 3 years . In the same year a treaty of subsidy was entered into with Hesse Cassel , and that power was obliged to make a separate peace in 2 years . In 1796 , another treaty was made with no better result . The electoral troops of Hanover , the mar-grave of Baden , and the landgrave of Hesse Darmstadt , subsidised at the same time , all made peace in the same year . In 1793 , a subsidy was granted to Russia , guaranteed by the United States . The sum was 50,000l . a month during the war , and 300,000l . in advance , but Russia made a separate peace in 1795 . A larger subsidy was granted to Austria in 1795 . There was a loan to that power of 4,600,000l . in 1796 , and a further loan of 1,603,000l . in 1797 . But Austria also was compelled , by distress , to make a precipate peace shortly after . A new loan of 2,000,000l . was advanced in 1800 , and , shortly after , the battle of Marengo extinguished all hopes of benefit from the co-operation of Austria . In 1798 , a treaty of subsidy was concluded with Russia . The sum to be supplied monthly was 50,000l with an advance of 300,000l . But the policies of the court of Russia changed suddenly , and that power became our active enemy . In 1800 , the electors , of Bavaria and Mentz , and other powers , were also subsidised with as little effect . Since the renewal of the war on the continent in 1805 , another treaty had existed , and it was only last night that sums had been voted to pay some arrears accrued under that treaty . But that treaty had had no better effect than the former . The fatal battle of Austerlitz compelled that power to make what terms she could , and now we had to make good to Sweden and to Russia the arrears of tint unfortunate subsidiary alliance . The present grant seemed to be the commencement of a new system of subsidy . He should not be disposed to cavil at this sum , if it were not to lead to many larger grants . ( lord Howick said across the table , no ; there is no treaty of subsidy . ) The hon . gent . in continuation , said , if there was no provision for subsidy in the treaty with Prussia , he had trespassed too long upon the house . He had addressed the house only on the idea that a larger subsidy was in contemplation . sated , that this advance 22