on the day following , he informed him , by letter , of his determination to retire from the office of president of the council , `` as the only course he could pursue with justice to the noble lord , and with honour to himself . '' On that day ( March the 11th ) , he made a communication to his majesty to a similar effect , and immediately received his majesty 's gracious commands to remain in his office . The noble baron ( lord G. ) having also expressed to him , by letter , his wish , that his resolution might be suspended , he acquiesced , upon a distinct understanding , that he was to be considered as completely at liberty to take such steps as he might think proper for opposing the bill then before parliament.—On that day ( March the 11th ) , his majesty expressed to lord Sidmouth in strong terms , as soon as he entered his closet , his surprise at the extent of the proposition which had been opened in the house of commons ; his majesty having , as he conceived , apprised lord Howick , on the preceding Wednesday , of his decided repugnance to that part of it which went beyond the Irish act of 1793 . There could be no possible doubt but that on this point lord Howick had misconceived his majesty . Lord H. was incapable of opening a proposition in the house of commons in his official character , contrary to the known opinion of the king , and in the face of his authority . Lord Howick however stood not in need of any farther vindication on this subject ; ample justice had been done him by the gracious declaration of his sovereign . It should be stated , that , on that day , lord Grenville was distinctly informed by his majesty , that to that part of the bill which exceeded the limits of the act of 1793 he could not be induced to give his consent.—From this statement , lord Sidmouth said , it appeared , that his majesty , having received the clauses on Tuesday the 3d of March , took an opportunity , on the following day , of expressing to lord Howick , in person , his objection to the extent to which the measure was proposed to be carried : that his majesty , unaware that he had not been so understood by his lordship , manifested , on the 11th , ( the day on which his majesty was next at the Queen 's Palace ) his surprise at the proposition which had been submitted to the house of commons ; and on that day declared his sentiments to lord Grenville in a manner upon which no misconception appears to have arisen.—Under 398 these circumstances , he ( lord S. ) entertained a hope , which he expressed to the noble lord at the head of the government , that the bill might be so modified as to free it from objections which were evidently insuperable : that hope was however disappointed.—On the 15th , a meeting was held of a large majority of his majesty 's confidential servants , to which neither the lord chancellor , the chief justice of the king 's bench , nor himself , were summoned ; and of which they were not apprised . At that meeting , it is understood that a minute was prepared , declaring a willingness to abandon the bill , but accompanying the offer with certain reservations , which were , he thought , deeply to be lamented , and which appear to have been the immediate cause of the events which ensued.—The effect on his majesty was such as might have been expected . He probably apprehended that a question from which he had already suffered so much , was never to be at rest : that his mind , made up as it was from a combined sense of religious and politicial obligation , was to remain perpetually exposed to a recurrence of importunity and anxiety . Having expressed