secure the residence of the clergy , but such an object could not be aimed at in Ireland , till such time as they had parsonage houses to reside in . stated , that , to his knowledge , some of the livings in the South of Ireland amounted to £1000 , to £1500 , and some even to £3000 a-year ; and also 499 that , in some instances where a consolidation of livings and parishes had taken place , an attention to the religious duties of the people had been reversed ; for no place of religious worship was provided , within the reach of the inhabitants ; nor could such parishioners obtain baptism for their children , or the other rights of the church ; and the consequence was , that the protestant inhabitants , in such places , had disappeared . He hoped , therefore , that a strict investigation would be set on foot , with a view of correcting such abuses . thought , that the house ought to be put in possession of circumstances so material as those hinted at by the hon . gent . The population of Ireland , as computed by Mr. Bushe , amounted in the year 1788 to 4,080,000 inhabitants ; the population of England and Wales , as the Census was taken in 1801 , was 9,200,000 ; from this it appeared , that the calculations of the learned doctor were formed upon mistaken data—The motion was then put and carried ; and a select committee appointed accordingly . pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the mode of levying money by Grand Juries , in Ireland . He could now state , from the return on the table , that the enormous sum of half a million was raised by the grand juries , for bridges and cross-roads , exclusive of turnpike-roads , and the main lines of communication between the different parts of Ireland . This sum might not appear great compared with the revenue of England ; but it was prodigious when compared with that of Ireland . The hon . gent . went on to state , that a land-tax would be an unpopular measure in Ireland , and yet that country was in reality subject to a land-tax , raised in the most objectionable way . The poor in Ireland were , of necessity , obliged to have some land , and after , by extraordinary industry , raising subsistence out of it , they were obliged to pay their tythes , and then their Grand Jury Tax , which fell upon the poor occupants ; while the rich proprietor , being absent , payed none of the tax as a proprietor . What he proposed , therefore , was , to follow up the analogy of the regulation adopted by his right hon . friend ( sir J. Newport ) , who had exempted from the house tax those whose rents did not exceed 61. per annum . He intended also to propose some new regulations with respect to presentments and the 500 proper accounting for the money . He would bring in the bill this session , that it might be printed and considered by the grand juries during the summer assizes . It would thus come forward next session , after all the consideration that could be requisite . He did not mean to alter the system of levying money by Grand Juries , but to subject it to the most beneficial regulations . He could not conclude without stating another motive which had induced him to propose this measure . At this moment , he observed , when all the views of the late ministry in favour of Ireland had been defeated , when the hopes of all those who from honest motives supported the Union were blasted —when the Union was rendered merely nominal and barren , though there appeared no intention immediately to repeal it—when the present government was founded on an interdict against Ireland , and existed under a pledge to withhold from the royal