A considerable crowd assembled this evening , in the avenues leading to the gallery , in expectation of hearing the discussion and further examination of witnesses on the Westminster election petition ; but owing to a ballot and a call of the house taking place , the doors Were not opened till half past six . On the admission of strangers into the gallery , we found the house engaged in a conversation relative to some irregularities that had been committed , or accident occasioned by persons forcibly entering through the body of the house , by which some members were likely to be injured . Mr. Yorke declared that in case of any repetition of suck a proceeding , he should think it his duty to enforce the standing order for the exclusion of strangers . Mr. Fellowes complained in strong terms of the crowd in the lobby , through which he had passed with much difficulty , and at the risk of having his arm broken . Mr. Barham observed , that he had seen a number of strangers force their way in spite of the resistance made by the officers of the house . The Speaker declared it to be the duty of the serjeant when he found that the avenues to the house were crowded with strangers , to provide proper persons to clear them , and to maintain order.—Mr . White appeared at the bar , with the reduced list of the committee , ballotted to take into consideration the petition complaining of an undue return for the borough of Guildford . The following are the names .of the said committee : sir J. Callander , H. Everett , esq. , H. Brownlow , esq. , R. Dawson , esq. , H. Peirse esq. , 2 T. Thistlethwaite , esq. , W. Mellish , esq. , lord Lovaine , W. Loftus , esq. , A. Henderson , esq. , lord Paget , W. J. Denison , esq. , C. Vereker , esq. , Nominees , hon . A. Wellesley , H. C. Combe , esq.—On the motion of lord Howick , there were ordered to be laid before the house , accounts sheaving the time of service in his majesty 's navy , of Thomas Weatherhead and William Drake ; also , accounts shewing the pensions paid to W. Drake from the chest at Greenwich ; the occasions on which the said pensions were granted , & .—On the motion of lord Howick , the house was ordered to be called over on Tuesday , when the noble lord declared , that unless a sufficient excuse should be made by the defaulters , he should move , that the course of proceeding adopted in 1793 , of taking them into custody , should be enforced . in pursuance of the notice he had given some time ago , but which had been suspended in consequence of an alteration which it had been deemed advisable to make in the arrangement of the measure , to move for leave to bring in a bill for securing to all his majesty 's liege subjects the privilege of serving in the army or navy , upon their taking an oath prescribed by act of parliament ; and for leaving to them , as far as convenience would admit , the free exercise of their respective religions . He should have hoped that such a proposition was not likely to meet with much opposition . He should have imagined that to state it to be a desirable object for all goverments to unite every description of persons living under them in their own defence , was to state .a position 3 which would admit of no dispute . If any additional weight could be given to the strength of this position , it would be given by considering it as applicable to the present time . Was it prudent ; was it politic , when we were contending with such a powerful enemy , to prevent a large portion of the population of the country from contributing to the common defence ? As , notwithstanding his hopes , the affirmative