appeal to the tribunal of the country . It is a great consolation to every loyal mind to feel , that in proportion as the sovereign has been 346 made most unconstitutionally responsible in his own person , he must inevitably become personally better known to his people . And when that people shall see their sovereign , full as he is of years , and labouring under heavy afflictions , yet retaining , in the vigour of a green old age , soundness of judgment , a promptness and vivacity of intellect , which have enabled him to contend singly in this painful controversy against the united talents of all his ministers ; when they shall see him displaying powers as fit as those of any of those ministers , or of any other man that hears me , for the discussion of the most perplexing questions , and the conduct of the most difficult affairs ; perhaps , sir , I say , when all this shall be made manifest to the people , and when by this manifestation , all these sinister and disheartening rumours , which sometimes accident and sometimes industry propagates through the country , shall have received their decisive confutation , perhaps it may fairly be doubted whether the inconvenience , the hazard , and the unconstitutional tendency of this wanton and unjustifiable arraignment of the personal conduct of the king , may not be more than compensated by the advantage of this display of his personal qualities . And while we regret that those qualities should have been put to such a trial , the country will rejoice in the hope which arises from the manner in which that trial has been sustained , that , after having for near half a century watched with unceasing care and paternal anxiety over the interests and happiness of his people , he may yet , under the protection of Providence , add to that length of life , and to that series of labours , many , many years more , of care and anxiety certainly , but of protecting and efficient care , and of anxiety vigorous and active for the benefit of his people.—For the advice of restoring lord Melville to his majesty 's councils , I am ready to take my full share of responsibility ; but I think that such a recommendation would have come with a better grace from the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) and his friends , who conducted a late prosecution against that noble lord to a fortunate acquittal . I shall only trouble the house with one word more . Whatever may be the issue of the division of this night , or of the series of divisions with which , if successful , it is to be followed ; his majesty 's ministers are determined to stand by their sovereign , even though circumstances should occur , in which they may find it their duty to 347 appeal to the country . [ Loud cries of hear ! hear ! from every part of the house . ] observed , that however that house might be attacked , however it might be threatened , whatever unconstitutional language might be used towards it , he relied on the manly constitutional spiritand understanding of the house , that no such intimidation could induce it to surrender a constitutional principle . There was not one single member on the other side of the house that had answered the arguments of his . noble friend ( lord Howick ) . A great constitutional wrong had been done , and the house would act consistently with what was due to its own character , by declaring with firmness its sense of that wrong . The only mode by which gentlemen on the other side defended the question on their side , was by a repetition of the mis-statements , which had already been repeatedly contradicted and disproved . He now again stated , that the proposition of any new measure , connected with the Catholic question , if circumstances should render it expedient to make such proposition