the hon . and learned gent . who had just sat down , afforded some colour to this opinion , for he said that it was not in human nature that they should be contented , unless admitted to all the honours and privileges of the constitution . From this it was clear that he was correct , in stating , that the measure alluded to would not have removed discontents , and would therefore fail in its object . In answer to the arguments of the noble lord ( Howick ) opposite , he had stated that the Catholics would not be contented with that measure , and nothing short of an equality , in every point of view with the Protestants , would satisfy the Catholics . That was his impression , and on that he had acted , and he was ready to maintain by argument , his view of the question , at a proper opportunity . He would not now enter upon it . But the arguments of his hon . and learned friend , would have had more force if the measure had not been abandoned ; how and why it was abandoned altogether , had not been stated , but it ought to be considered by whom it was abandoned . But , as it had been abandoned , it did not form the most material part of the present question . This therefore , was not the period for its discussion . The hon . and learned gent . had made an animated appeal to those who had always professed themselves to be the friends of religion ; but he could not conceive how there could be any thing unconstitutional or improper in procuring addresses in favour of the Protestant religion , by those who thought the measure was calculated to undermine that religion . [ A cry of no ! no ! ] here rose , and expressed his regret at interrupting the right hon . gent. , but what he had said was , that in was unconstitutional and improper to use his majesty 's name to procure addresses 316 of this sort merely for party purposes . in continuation , observed , that no apology For the interruption was required , because it was better to interrupt him , than to allow him to go on under a mistake . He agreed that it was improper to make use of his majesty 's name for party purposes , or to influence discussions in that house , as had been done on the present occasion , in a manner absolutely unprecedented . The endeavour to procure addresses in this case was not unconstitutional , but he was extremely desirous to come to the question . As to the merits of the late ministry , his opinion of their measures had been stated on different occasions . But he could not confine himself merely to the words of the motion . The proposition was itself one which would be generally admitted ; but it must be taken in connection with other circumstances , and especially the dismissal of his majesty 's late ministers . It was not the expression only that was to be considered , but the implication , for it must be implied that the dismissal of the late ministers was an act deserving of censure . The implication was clear when the motion was coupled with the statement of the noble lord ( Howick ) relative to a pledge required and refused , and the consequent dismissal of the ministers ; but more particularly so when the words respecting the impropriety of granting a pledge , `` either expressed or implied , '' were considered , which must be understood to apply to the present ministers . [ Hear ! hear ! from the opposition . ] He was glad that he had distinctly understood the nature of the motion , but he wished that the hon . gent . who had opened it had stated that and not left it to be implied . However , if he understood the question , it would appear extraordinary if