and he gives a narrative , and the short account , respecting the letter is this : It is proved by this witness , and by the next who was examined , that prior to the election , a letter had been signed by Mr. Sheridan in favour of a person of the name of Emanuel Harris , recommending him to supply the fleet with different articles in which he dealt , upon the occasion of his obtaining votes and his voting himself during the election ; that that first letter was in the hand-writing of the witness , Drake himself , was delivered by himself a few days prior to the election into the hands of Mr. Sheridan , that he did himself annex the letters , M. P. , leaving a blank for the signature , and that upon his delivering it to Mr. Sheridan , he received it back from Mr. Sheridan with his own signature to it.—The evidence that was given by Mr. Drake respecting the two letters , one that preceded and the other that followed a few days the commencement of the election , will be found in different parts of the testimony of that witness : he was examined upon that subject in chief and afterwards pointedly by the house , and , particularly in a pointed and rapid manner by an hon . member of the house on the subject of these letters , and the prompt and immediate answers given , to thole questions pushed one after another rapidly on him on the subject of those letters had , I own , to my view , greatly an appearance , excluding all probability , of a manufactured or a made stoty ; for that any person of any ability much less an individual 34 like him , unaccustomed to courts of justice and to being examined , should be able so rapidly to give distinct answers as to time , place , and person , and every circumstance connected with it , does appear to me to have a very great degree of probability connected with it.—I fear I shall not be able to extract from this volume I have in my hand every part of the testimony respecting the letter , but I hope the house will excuse me if I should not be able to do it immediately ; they will excuse me if I should occupy any great portion of their time after what has passed in reading it . `` When I went to Mr. Sheridan with this letter , I said here is a man , & c. which Mr. Sheridan who is `` present can not deny . `` —He then states applications by the other persons who are mentioned in the petition , Homan , Edwards , and Johnston ; and then he goes on to say , `` I then told Mr. Sheridan . I had `` been summoned , & c. '' —He is then asked , by the house , `` did Mr. Sheridan say anything ? & c. '' —A question is put to him by the house respecting the letter ; he is asked particularly , `` are you sure that you `` either , read the letter ? & c '' —He is then interrogated about his acquaintance with Mr. Harris , and he states how he became acquainted with him ? —He is then asked , `` who advised you to destroy the first ? & c '' .—He is then asked whether he hart ever declared that he would have money from one side or the other , which he denies—he says , `` I never did in my life . `` —There are other passages respecting the signature of this letter , but I hope I have shewn you that the account I originally , gave respecting this letter , having been thus delivered to Mr. Sheridan , add received back from him with what the witness took to be his signature was correct ; and surely it will never be argued , that if a letter is delivered to Mr. Sheridan in blank ,