writer on colonial policy ( Mr Brougham ) observed , leaned too much upon positive institutions , and excluded from their consideration the influence of passion , taste , and caprice , upon the pursuits of men . It might be true , that the most safe and profitable direction of labour was to home trade , and to quick and frequent returns of capital ; but in a maritime and commercial country , no legislative provisions could restrain the occasional impulse to emigrate towards new situations , and new objects of labour . Sir J . Child had rightly said , that `` had England no colonies , she would entirely lose the profit of the labour of that description of her inhabitants which settle there ; they would go to foreign countries , rather than not go at all . '' Now , if a committee of political economists were to sit , and to endeavour to turn to the best account the connection with such emigrants , would it not say , `` Do not let us lose you ; wherever you go , consider this as your home ; send us your produce , remit us your gains ; do not go to a continent where we 90 can not so well protect you ; go to islands , where our navy may be your guard . Do not build ships , or manufacture ; those are our concerns ; produce what we can not raise at home , yet what we must buy elsewhere , if you do not send it to us , and what may also be valuable to others , if you send us more of it than we want . Do not depend on us for a large population of labourers in hot climates ; you must find them elsewhere , for we have them not to spare to you . '' Could the strictest policy dictate otherwise ? and yet this exactly describes our West India colonies : from small beginnings they rose , and now had reached a height of importance and prosperity , which gave them a distinguished rank among the remaining resource of the mother country . Thus the real value of the produce imported from these colonies was not less than 12 millions sterling , of which was annually re-exported , on the average , about the value of £5,500,000 , a circumstance most important in the balance , of our trade , and in the regulation of the course of exchanges , and which , in very critical situations of this country , has been found ( as bank directors and monied men could prove ) the best check to the baneful effects of the drains of specie caused by large foreign subsidies . On the other hand , the export to the colonies ( and almost entirely in British manufacture or British produce ) was in real value not far short of £6,000,000 . This trade employed from 900 to 1000 ships ; the tonnage 250,000 tons ; and at one man to each 14 tons ( which was a reasonable allowance ) , upwards of 17,000 seamen . There could be no question as to the beneficial influence of all these items upon our maritime , commercial , and naval prosperity.—It might not be uninteresting to compare this statement with the utmost height of the colonial strength of France , which she had attained at the moment of the revolution . She had then about the same number of ships which we now have in our colonial trade , of somewhat larger , tonnage , and carrying , in proportion to that tonnage , a larger number of seamen : the official value of her exports to the colonies was upwards of £3,000,000 sterling ; of her imports , upwards of £7,000,000 sterling : and the relative importance of these imports in her foreign trade , was even greater than in our case ; for it appeared , that she consumed at home a much smaller proportion of her colonial produce , and that by it , and by it alone , she