A learned doctor ( Duigenan ) had denied the fact of any deficiency in the recruiting service being felt on this account ; for that three-fourths of the army raised in Ireland were actually Protestants . If this statement were true , it went in support of the measure proposed ; for if , out of the military raised in Ireland ; three-fourths were Protestants , and one-fourth only Catholics , where the proportion of population was exactly the contrary way , it was proof irrefragable that the Catholic population of Ireland did not furnish its proportion to the public service . He was willing to give credit to a right hon . gent. ( Mr . Perceval ) , when , for the part he had taken on this subject , he disclaimed all illiberal motives ; but yet , from his avowed junction with parties out of doors , and the language of advertisements and hand-bills addressed to his constituents at Northampton , it would appear that some little exertion had been made by him to raise a cry of religious rancour in the country . No man admired more than he did a man of truly religious principles , because such a man must be disposed to inculcate amongst his neighbours and fellow subjects all the feelings of mutual toleration , charity , and benevolence : but of all the mischievous characters which infested human society , that man was the most to be detested , who , with religion on his lips , and rancour and intolerance in his heart , sought , for purposes of personal advantage and temporal interest , to excite amongst his fellow subjects fanatical hatred and bigoted dissentions . He did not say that the right hon . gent . had done so , but he was totally at a loss to conceive how he could reconcile it to any views of duty , to give any encouragement to religious rancour , which could have no other effect but to disturb the peace and distract the energies of the country . The noble lord then proceeded to remark upon the opinions which had been held by Mr. Canning and lord Castlereagh , and particularly by Mr. Pitt , on the subject of the Ca- 341 tholics , and shewed that there was no more reason now , than in 1801 or 1804 , to raise the cry of the church being in danger . He then made some remarks on the formation of the present ministry . Besides their coming into power upon unconstitutional grounds , and virtually under the pledge their predecessors had refused , they were persons totally unequal to the present state of the country . He shewed that the duke of Portland had , when head of the Whig party , been the most strenuous advocate and promoter of concessions to the Catholics . In 1789 particularly , he had shewn this , and recommended to the Whigs of Ireland not to accept places but on condition of gaining those objects . His grace had also said to lord Fitzwilliam and to the late lord Ponsonby , that one great object he had in view in joining Mr. Pitt was , to facilitate those concessions to the Catholics , Yet now had this same duke of Portland accepted office on the avowed ground of opposing the Catholic claims : and it appeared that by his interference a petition had been obtained from the university of Oxford , before even the Catholic bill had been proposed in parliament . The person who , it was understood , was to take the lead in this house ( Mr. Perceval ) , had evinced such a degree of intemperance on various occasions , particularly in attempting , by unseasonable speeches , to embitter disputes in a train of amicable negociation , that he could not think the interests of the nation likely to be promoted under such a minister . When the language of the right hon . gent . with respect to Ireland , expressed at the opening of the session , was called to mind , it must