circumstances in which the country was placed , I might be of use to him and to the public , and directed me to assist in forming a new government . I did form one , which , from the materials of which it was composed , and the principles on which its members agreed to act together , appeared to me best calculated for promoting the interests of the country . The sentiments of most of the persons who became members of this administration , upon the catholic question , were well known from their public declarations , and particularly in consequence of the discussion which had recently taken place on the subject . When , therefore , we were called to the councils of our sovereign , no man could suppose that we were called in any other manner than that in which ministers ought constitutionally to discharge their duty ; namely , to give on all proper occasions to his majesty , conformably to the oath we had taken , full , fair , and upright counsel , and not to withhold that advice from interest , affection or any other motive . I do not make this assertion , my lords , from my own recollection only . Within these few days my sovereign has declared it to be conformable to his recollection also , and authorized me to confirm this statement , not from myself only , but from him . After what had recently happened , it will not be supposed that it could be the desire of the late administration to press the catholic question , or to revive any measure known to be painful to the feelings of a great personage , to whom every respect is due , unless the pressure of unavoidable necessity compelled us to bring it forward . We flattered ourselves , therefore , that from the character of the persons to whom the government of Ireland was entrusted , many causes of dissatisfaction in the people of that country would be diminished . The manner in which the noble person at the head of that government ( the duke of Bedford ) executed the laws , and the just but conciliating spirit of his administration , gave us reason to hope that the unanimity so much desired in the sister kingdom might at last be accomplished . We had but one wish , the welfare and security of the whole empire ; and , by knitting together the hearts of all his majesty 's subjects , we cherished the hope that this 237 great object might be attained . We were induced to pursue this conduct , as well because we knew the agitation of the subject might prove painful in a high quarter , as because the recent decision of parliament had rendered it very unlikely that it could be carried , while it was probable that it would revive animosities . One of the first objects of the late administration , therefore , was to prevent , if possible , the revival of the Catholic question . In the first session of parliament our endeavours were successful ; but the state of Ireland during the last year was not so satisfactory ; disturbances had broken out in several districts , disturbances of that nature which this measure was particularly calculated to prevent . These commotions were , however , composed by the ordinary exercise of the civil administration of the country . Such was the love of justice and lenity which distinguished the noble duke at the head of the government of Ireland , that he carefully avoided resorting to any extraordinary measures in repressing these disturbances , and his system of conciliation had proved succesful . At the time these events occurred in Ireland , the attention of his majesty 's government in this country was anxiously directed to the means of raising a great military force , which the total destruction of the power of Prussia had rendered more than ever necessary for the security of the British Empire . No measure could be so well calculated to promote that end as one