the crown , and upon that statement moved an address to his majesty for the production of the paper ; or they might have adopted another course . If they found upon their accession to the government , that evil counsels had been given , they might have advised his majesty to lay those counsels before parliament , in order that those from whom they proceeded might receive the punishment they merited . But will the noble lords on the opposite side vindicate the publication of a paper of this important nature in the manner it has taken place ? I must again ask them whether they can refer to any instance , in the history of the country in which any similar publication had , from party views or any other motive , ever been made ? Under these circumstances , however , I could not refrain from desiring to lay before your lordships the truth of the case on this important subject , which had , in consequence of the publication I have noticed , become the subject of conversation and misrepresentation in every coffee-house . For this purpose , I was induced to ask leave of his majesty to make the statement I am about to lay before your lordships ; for without that permission , I should not , most anxiously as I desired to explain every circumstance connected with the important transactions that have taken place , have taken this opportunity of addressing your lordships . But my application to his majesty was received with all that kindness and tenderness to the feelings of others for which his royal mind is so eminently distinguished , and I shall ever entertain the strongest sense of gratitude for the benevolent condescension with which the permission I solicited was granted . Having now stated the grounds on which I think it will appear that an explanation on my part was indispensably called for , it scarcely can he necessary for me to assure your lordships , that whatever I may say in addressing you will be accompanied with every feeling of respect which is due to the sovereign of these 234 realms . I have , my lords , no complaint to make ; I have only to state what is necessary for the vindication of my own character —At the period of the change of administration , to which I have already referred , your lordships know that a great and illustrious statesman , ( Mr. Pitt ) , to whom I never can allude but with sentiments of the most unfeigned respect , was at the head of his majesty 's government . My lords , in the year 1801 , it was the opinion of that illustrious statesman in which opinion I completely concurred , that large further concessions should be made to the catholics of Ireland . It was then thought expedient that a measure for that purpose should be proposed to parliament . That proposed measure not meeting with his majesty 's approbation , the consequence was the resignation of the then ministers . The result was different in the present case , for reasons which I shall presently state . I at that period thought it my duty to resign , and chearfully sacrifice all those personal considerations which may be supposed to attach to the situation of one of his majesty 's ministers . My lords , I will sacrifice those considerations over and over again , upon the same principle . It is undoubtedly true , that no pledge was given to the catholics of Ireland that further concessions to them should be one of the results of the union ; their consent was undoubtedly not purchased by any seal promise . It is well known , however , from the speeches in parliament , upon the great question of the union , and we know that what is said in parliament , somehow or other becomes known to the public , that the understanding upon the subject certainly was , that further concessions to the catholics of Ireland , might , and ought to be a measure consequent upon