session into two chambers , consisting of eight judges , and seven , from each of which three judges might be detached into the outer house , to do the business there in a manner more complete than that now practised . The judges might take it in rotation every year to go into the outer house . If this mode was adopted , and the courts were empowered to give possession in consequence of judgment , and to order the payment of money , or to take good security in case of an appeal , and also , if in that house costs were given on appeals to the extent of the expence actually incurred , together with damages for any injury sustained , there would be no necessity for an intermediate court of appeal , and appeals to that house would become much less frequent . With respect to the introduction of trial by jury , he thought it an experiment replete with difficulty , and one that ought not to be tried without the most mature consideration , at least , the experiment ought to he confined , in the first instance , to the city of Edinburgh . In order , therefore , that there might be still further time given for the consideration of this very important part of the subject , he moved an instruction to the committee to divide the bill into two or more bills , in order to keep that part of the bill relating to the judicature , and that respecting trial by jury , perfectly distinct.—This motion was not put , the first question being on the committal of the bill . considered the present measure as a breach of the act of union , as , if it was carried into effect , the court of session would , in fact , no longer exist . contended that it was perfectly consistent with the act of union to make regulations for the better administration of justice in Scotland , and this measure 111 did nothing more . He could not conceive that the establishment of an intermediate court of appeal would tend to increase appeals , as experience in this country , with respect to the court of exchequer chamber , proved directly the reverse . was of opinion that the proposed division of the court of session into three chambers was not consistent with the spirit of the act of union ; he thought that much might be done by the mode proposed by the noble duke , by establishing two chambers , whilst , at the same time , the act of union would not be infringed . His lordship examined different provisions of the bill , and contended that they were extremely defective with respect to the directions given for resorting to trials by jury , and appeared to have been framed without a due consideration of the nature of pleadings in the court of session , which were so different to those adopted in the courts of law in Westminster-hall . He had considerable doubts respecting that part of the bill which related to trial by jury , and thought it would be better to separate it from the other . It was a most important subject , and called for the earnest and serious attention of their lordships . thought it unnecessary for the noble and learned lord to remind their lordships that this subject demanded their earnest and anxious attention , as those by whom the measure had been brought forward had not failed to impress upon the house the great importance of the measure , and had earnestly solicited for all the assistance which could be derived for its completion , both in and out of that house . The greater part of the noble and learned lord 's objections referred to particular provisions of the bill , which would be better discussed in the committee , and where it would be found that most of them had already been anticipated . No sufficient reason had , in his mind , been urged for dividing this bill into two , particularly