considerable a sinecure at the same time that he saw them so far descent as to endeavour to justify themselves by recrimination , it would make him more cautious , and encourage him to prosecute his labours with greater diligence , in order that the report might be made before that premature extinction which he foresaw was intended for the present parliament . The hon . gent . concluded with expressing his intire concurrence in the motion . to contradict , substantially and directly , the statement made by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , as far as that statement related to the professional eminence of his right hon . friend . The hon . mover knew well that eminence ; and he contended that his right hon . friend must lose considerably by his present appointment , that is , he would give up more than he would receive . He contended , upon the word of a gentleman , that such was the fact . His right hon . friend had made even a greater sacrifice ; he had given up the post of attorney general , to which he had an undisputed claim . Was he to receive no equivalent for the loss of eight or ten thousand pounds a year ? Gentlemen might laugh , but he was anxious to convince fair men only ; he was anxious that his arguments should weigh with fair men only , and he was free to say that gentlemen on the opposite side were not fair , nor disposed to be so ( a general cry of order ! order ! ) spoke to order . It was extremely irregular to impute unfairness to any member . in continuation , said , that he was willing to make every apology ; he begged pardon of the house for any temporary inadvertence ; he could assure them that it was not intentional . He begged of the house to consider the case of his right hon . friend , obliged to turn his back on his profession , with a numerous family and absolute distress before him , if he was not to be recompensed : besides that , it would be peculiarly distressing , as affecting the arrangements making by his majesty , arrangements rendered necessary by the dereliction of those very men ( here several gentlemen rose to order ! ) did not think the hon gent . when he was interrupted actually out of order , but he much feared , that the hon . member , had he not been then interrupted , was hurrying into that which would have called for serious animadversion . in continuation , said , that if a member did not intend to be disorderly , whatever expressions might have fallen from him , that member was not to be put down by clamour . He addressed himself to the independent members of that house , and to their attention did he particularly address himself ( another cry of order , order ! chair , chair ! ) . wished the honourable member to recollect , that in the language of that house no such distinction between its members was recognised . in continuation , again apologised , stating , that the distinction he meant was between those seeking for places and pensions , and those who were not candidates for either . He himself was one of the latter , for he never had nor never would solicit a place , though he had been so long in habits of the strictest intimacy with a great and leading statesman . He should conclude with stating , that had it not been for the unseasonable interruptions he had met with , he should not have been upon his legs so long . said he could not give his vote on this occasion without requesting to be indulged in a few words to qualify it . No man entertained a higher opinion of the right honourable gentleman , who was the subject of the present debate , than he did ; and therefore , in supporting the present