the statement of the noble baron himself , which had proceeded , no doubt , from individuals not connected with his majesty 's government . Under these circumstances , he had thought it his duty to request the permission of his sovereign , after notice of the noble baron 's intention had been given , to communicate the Whole circumstances of the case to his friends , in order , that if this discussion should unfortunately come on , they might be prepared to meet it , and to state on the part of his majesty , what were those principles , both with regard to the honour of the crown and the interests of the empire , that had induced him to adopt the course which he had taken . The catholic subject was not a new one . It had , often been under consideration , and had , about two years since , after the most ample discussion in both houses of parliament , been decided upon by the largest majorities ever known , considering the character and talents of the persons who had brought it forward . The noble baron had stated What would be the 248 effect of the measure , both as to its immediate result , and with reference to its future consequences ; but he should beg leave to state what had been the feelings of that illustrious person ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose virtues , character , and unrivalled abilities , were universally admired , beloved , and revered , but who unfortunately was there no more , upon this subject When that distinguished person had come last into office , though he had before withdrawn from his public situation in consequence of this measure , yet knowing the honest conscientious principles that prevailed against it , principles which ought to be upheld in any quarter , but still more in that exalted quarter in which they existed , he had , not in consequence of any pledge demanded of him , but voluntarily , engaged not to bring forward the question . He stated this as a fact known to himself , and not as a reproach to the noble baron ; he stated merely what had been the opinion and feeling upon this subject of so high an authority , for which the noble baron must entertain as sincere a respect as himself . He had less difficulty in stating this , because he had always differed from his late right hon . friend upon this question . He agreed entirely with the noble viscount , that if the policy pursued should not be steady on this head , they would be continually fomenting troubles and discontents . Whilst he was ready to admit that no ordinary law should be unchangeable , there were fundamental laws which ought not to be altered , except upon the utmost pressing necessity . The right of petition , the trial by jury , and the independence of the judges , were fundamental principles of the constitution , and a protestant government and establishment were equally so . The same changes that might be wise with respect to other laws , were not to be applied to fundamental laws . They might alter the constitution of the army , the establishment of the navy , the regulations of the revenue , or , as they were at that tine in the course of doing , the administration of justice ; but if any such change were to be carried into effect with respect to the national establishment , it would overthrow the constitution . This doctrine might be termed bigotry : but he should prefer to any new lights , the bigotry of 1688 ; which had effected the revolution , and established the liberties of this Country on the most solid foundation . Before he should comment upon what had been stated by the noble baron , he begged to say a few words upon the subject of the parti- 249 cular measure that had led to the present circumstances . He could not conceive any practical good that could result