at least , because their right as privy counsellors , and as the confidential advisers of the crown , remained unimpaired : it remained just as perfect as before they consented to withdraw their support from the bill . What good purpose , then , could such a stipulation answer ? It only went to the constitu- 296 tional right of giving their advice as long is they remained in office , and that had never been disputed . Therefore , sir , I must always think this part of the condition attempted to be imposed , quite nugatory and vexatious . But now we come to a part , sir , to which I must beg to call the whole , undivided attention of the house . They proceed to stipulate that they may have a right , whilst acting as the ministers of the crown , to go to parliament clothed with all the Consequence , consideration , and influence naturally arising from their official situations , and support , by their speeches , a measure against which they know that their sovereign has the most decided objection . Not an objection lightly or hastily taken up , but one formed upon the most mature deliberation , and after having heard the subject discussed before him for years by the most able men , and after it had frequently undergone the most ample and elaborate investigation in both houses of parliament . This stipulation , I must say , sir , was most unconstitutional : it struck immediately at that very important precaution against the too frequent exercise of that part of the royal prerogative which ought , for the most obvious reasons , to be as rare as possible , namely , the negative of the crown upon a measure which had received the sanction of both houses of parliament . This precaution I consider , sir , as arising from a most wise practice which has generally obtained ever since our present constitution took a settled form , of the ministers of the crown not supporting in parliament a measure , to which , after repeated discussions of the subject had taken place in parliament , and in that committee of the privy council called the cabinet , they knew the crown to have the most insuperable objections . Now , sir , though this is not a written part , still it has become by prescription , and certainly from every possible consideration it deserves to be as much an inherent principle of our constitution , as any other , and it is absolutely necessary towards rendering extremely rare , if not entirely obviating , those contentions between the crown and the parliament so much to be deprecated , as pregnant with the most serious danger to the welfare , happiness , and liberties of the empire . His majesty , sir , as a faithful guardian of our admirable constitution in all its purity , which he has ever shewn himself to be , and acting up to that anxious solicitude for the rights of his subjects , which on every 297 opportunity he has invariably evinced , I do insist upon it , could not possibly consent to this most unconstitutional stipulation . I have been quite astonished to see it advanced in support of this condition , that upon many other occasions the ministers of the crown still retaining those situations , have acted as individual members of parliament in abetting great and important measures , that were not introduced into the house with the implied assent of the crown , and to see the instances of the question of parliamentary reform and the slavetrade adduced , to maintain this argument . Now , sir , can any member of this house , or any man in the world , seriously say , that those two cases and the present are analogous ? The analogy at least is so distant as not to be admissible in support of any argument attempted to be founded upon it . To those questions , sir , I never heard that his majesty had expressed his