evidence to justify the resolution that the committee had come to . He preferred a prosecution to expulsion , as it appeared to him a little unfair that he should be first punished by expulsion , and then sent to a trial , where , perhaps , he might be acquitted . If he had been returned for but one place , the house could have done nothing more than order a prosecution . said , there was no instance on the Journals of a member being ordered to be prosecuted , and yet allowed to keep his seat . He instanced the cases of Mr. J. Ridge , in the reign of queen Anne ; Mr. Carnagie , in the year 1715 ; and sir A . Grant , who had all been expelled from the house , and afterwards ordered to be prosecuted . The Shepherds , father and son , were expelled and prosecuted for bribery , in the year 1700 . If sir Christopher had been returned for but one place , the report of the committee would have immediately deprived him of his seat ; and he did not think that he should be in a better situation , because he had been returned for three places . was sorry to differ from the hon . gent . who spoke last ; but he thought that nothing was fairer than to send the member to another tribunal , and the house might afterwards act upon its decision . thought that when a committee had reported any member , of that house to be guilty of bribery , he should be no longer permitted to sit among them . thought , that the house ought not both to inflict the punishment of expulsion , and order a prosecution . He much preferred the latter course , and thought that if he were found guilty upon a trial in a court of justice , his expulsion from that house would be merely a matter of course . said , that he could easily conceive a case , although he would not say that this was that case , where a person might be acquitted in a court of justice , and yet where the house of commons might be so convinced of his criminality , as to think it necessary to expel him . In the present instance , however , he was for the prosecution.—The gallery was then cleared , but we understood that the resolution of the committee 515 was adopted without going to a division . While strangers were excluded , Mr. Atkins Wright moved , That the Attorney General be directed to prosecute sir C. Hawkins for bribery , & c. ; to which motion Mr. Bankes moved , as an amendment , to leave out all the words after `` That , '' and to substitute , `` sir Christopher Hawkins be expelled . `` —After debating some time , Mr. Bankes 's amendment was withdrawn . The original motion for an address to his majesty , praying him to direct the attorney general to prosecute sir C. Hawkins , was carried , as were also similar motions for the prosecution of eighteen persons of the committee of the electors of Penrhyn , who had fixed the price for which the votes were to be sold , and who had invited sir C. Hawkins , by a deputation from their body , to purchase them.—It was moved by Captain Herbert , that Moon , an accomplice in the transaction , but who had given evidence before the select committee of the house of commons , should also be prosecuted by order of the house . This motion was resisted on the ground of his having already given evidence before the committee of the house , and of his testimony being essential to the prosecutions that had been ordered . The house divided on this question : For Captain Herbert 's motion 13 , against it 46 . The order having been read for the attendance of the lord president and other judges of the court of session , five of the judges