colonies did not think it went far enough , and expected more than his majesty 's ministers would or could concede . was happy that this question had been brought under consideration before the passing of the Slave Trade Abolition bill , because the distress complained of in the petition could not be imputed to that measure . He had long regretted the extraordinary increase of capital employed in procuring colonial produce ; but certainly should not object to any just consideration for the distresses complained of.—The petition was then referred to a select committee . brought up the report of the committee on the mutiny bill A desultory conversation ensued on the various clauses , in which Mr. Bastard , the Secretary at War , Mr. Windham , colonel Wood , Mr. Yorke , Mr. Canning , and sir John Doyle participated . All the clauses were eventually agreed to.—On the Speaker 's inquiry , whether any amendments were proposed to be made in the body of the bill , He considered the system of the right hon . secretary for the war department as too complicated to effect its own purpose . In the papers on the table was a case which satisfied his own mind that that system was wholly inadequate to maintain the necessary present force , and was calculated to involve the country in future hazard , unless some modification of it , such as that which it was his intention to propose , should be adopted by parliament . He contended , that since the defence of the country had been entrusted to the right hon . gent. , it had been materially deteriorated . Indeed , the right hon . gent . seemed to admit that the home defence was inadequate to its object ; for otherwise , after having blamed the predecessors of the 102 present administration for not having assisted the continent , he would hardly have abstained from making a single exertion to co-operate with our allies , or to prevent the French from carrying their troops from the Coast to the Vistula . Nothing had been done , with the exception of that enormous subsidy of £80,000 to Prussia , for which his majesty 's ministers had even thought necessary to apologise . Fifteen or twenty thousand men had been sent on distant foreign service , and by that means the home defence had been much weakened . The volunteers also , that right arm of the public force , had been withered under the right hon . gent 's superintendance ; and with respect to the Training bill , which was to bear down all before it , from the day that that bill had passed , nothing had been done , but making out the lists and apportionments , though a whole twelve-month had elapsed . For all this deduction from the home defence , we might be consoled , if the body of the force detached abroad had been sent on objects of real importance ; but here the right hon . gent . was equally unfortunate . At that moment , 20,000 men , the flower of the British army , were locked up in Sicily , remote from every thing that it was the interest of the country to endeavour to acquire . The conduct of his majesty 's ministers , with regard to South America , had been equally vacillating , and equally unwise ; not a step had been taken by them till the negotiation at Paris had terminated . The noble lord animadverted with severity on the expedition under colonel Craufurd , of whose destination , he believed ministers themselves had no clear conception . With regard to the modification which he meant to propose , it was clear that the right hon . gent . could not allege that his measure had been adequate to the immediate necessities of the country ; and if not so , it would be much less adequate to the waste which his system contained within itself ; a waste , doubling the usual casualties of the army . The modifications he proposed would not