these occurrences , it became necessary to look more immediately to measures , that might tend to conciliate and tranquillize that country . Several measures were in contemplation , and , among them that which I had the honour of lately introducing into this house appeared to be one of the most obvious . It seemed calculated to prove highly beneficial to the empire at large , as well as to Ireland itself . It was expected to afford the means of recruiting our naval and military force , so necessary at the present moment to be carried to the utmost extent , by facilitating the introduction of those persons into the service , who are at present in a great measure excluded , by What I must call the ill-understood policy of the existing laws . The bill which I brought in for this purpose has been improperly termed the Catholic bill ; for it included dissenters from the established church of every description . We certainly expected from it that it would contribute essentially to the tranquillity of Ireland , by holding out to the gentlemen of that country the prospect of rising in the army and navy , and thus diffusing motives of attachment towards this country among the people in general : at the same time that it would afford a vent to the superabundant population , and draw from the very sources of discontent the means of strength and security . These were the motives which induced the king 's ministers to propose that measure . I do not know that it is necessary for me to state , and yet the arts which have been practised may render it useful to state , that , in bringing forward this measure , their intention was not to invade but to strengthen the securities of the established church itself . If I estimate rightly in what those securities consist , I think they are interwoven with the security and existence of the empire . Can the one be safe if the other be in danger ? And are not the necessary means for the defence of the empire , the best security for its religious establishments ? If ever Ireland should be exposed ( which God avert ! ) to a successful invasion of the enemy , I call upon those who accuse us of endangering the establishments , to reflect what must then be the fate of our church and the protestant religion.— Sir , while this measure was under consideration , accounts were re- 266 ceived from Ireland , transmitted by the lord lieutenant ( dated 4th Feb. ) , of a disposition manifested by the catholics to prosecute , by a petition to parliament , those claims , which they had so recently urged in a former session . Notwithstanding the known opinions which I and some of my colleagues hold in favour of those claims , we were persuaded , that the agitation of the question at this time was not likely to be attended with advantage ; and so far as our private advice and influence could extend , it was used to dissuade the catholics from the attempt . The knowledge , however , of their intention , was an additional inducement in recommending the measure which we had already in contemplation . We hoped , though it was offered in no view of compromise , that it might prevent the agitation of that very question , by affording satisfaction to the catholics of Ireland in general ; at the same time that we considered it as recommended by every principle of policy . We trusted that this limited measure of concession might be brought forward without encountering those objections , which were involved in the general question of what is commonly called emancipation . In reverting to the Irish act of parliament , passed in the year 1793 , and observing the incongruity which subsists in the law of the united kingdom , we could not overlook the pledge explicitly given at that time by the lord chancellor of Ireland , and by the secretary of Ireland ( lord