this was not the only conciliatory measure , and none but conciliatory measures would be pursued ) that part of the empire might be well and kindly governed without this sacrifice . From the whole of the statement made , he thought that the late ministers , upon their own shewing , had been properly dismissed , after that which they had proposed to his majesty had put him under the necessity of seeking relief from others , who thought , like him , that the measure under consideration ought not to be granted without an essential necessity . This proceeding of his majesty , and the acquiescence of those who were now his majesty 's servants , was justified by the conduct of those , Who , though first holding the measure so essential as to be induced to bring it forward , afterwards thought it so little essential as to Concede it to the sovereign , at the same time that they made it a point of duty to maintain their own . opinions generally , independent of the sovereign 's wishes . in answer to the question of the noble viscount , whether he had reserved to himself his own opinion , upon the subject of the Catholics , to act upon it , notwithstanding what he knew to be the opinion of his majesty upon that subject ; answered , that he told Mr. Pitt , when solicited by him to take part in the administration before the last , that no consideration under Heaven should induce him to go into the service of the king , although he would join Mr. Pitt as soon as he would any other man —that no consideration under Heaven should induce him to take part in any government upon earth , without reserving his own opinion upon this subject . thought it unnecessary now to discuss either the bill lately before the other house , or the Catholic question ; the real question was , the cause for the dismissal of his majesty 's late ministers , and the situation in which his majesty 's present ministers were placed on the catholic question . He was ready at any time to vindicate the conduct and the principles of himself and his 257 colleagues ; and in answer to the question asked by the noble secretary of state , as to what occasion there was at this time to throw open the staff of the army , and the commissions of the navy , to that class of subjects ? he would answer , that the awful and perilous situation of the empire rendered it necessary to conciliate the attachment , and unite the energies and affections of all classes of his majesty 's subjects for our common defence . The noble secretary had said , it was not necessary , as the catholics already manned our regiments and fleets , and we should by this measure obtain no addition of their numbers ; but little did that man know of human nature , or of soldiers feelings , who conceived that the spirit of an army was not to be materially affected by any proscription , or humiliating distinction attached to any particular class of casts or nations which composed it ; or who imagined that it was no daunt to the ardour or skill of the soldier to tell him `` you never can by any possibility rise to a high situation in the army . '' It was to the abandonment of this principle that we might impute the superior skill the French officers had so long maintained , and we should look to the effect of the same policy in the Russian armies , now fighting the battles of this country and of Europe against the common enemy , in Poland , where the Roman catholic religion was the established one . The highest posts in the Russian army were open to merit , regardless of sect ; by which means the French could not tempt the Polish catholic to rebellion , because they had no advantage to offer in the way of rank , or