of lord H. Petty , that the house , at 168 its rising , should adjourn till Monday next . —Sir J. Newport obtained leave to bring in a bill to extend the provision of the act of 33 , Hen . 8 , relating to the wages of servants to counties of cities , and counties of towns in Ireland.—Mr . Vansittart obtained leave to bring in a bill for the more effectual prevention of smuggling.—Mr . Vansittart moved that various sums be granted to his majesty in lieu of the like sums issued from the civil list revenue , in compensation for Miscellaneous Services of the past year , which were agreed to , and ordered to be reported on Monday . presented a petition from certain planters , mortgagees , merchants and others , interested in the West India islands , against a clause added by the house of commons to the Slave Trade Abolition bill , enacting that negroes seized in consequence of illicit trade , should be declared free , which they stated would be productive of great danger to the colonies . Ordered to lie on the table . moved the order of the day for taking into consideration the amendments made by the house of commons in the Slave Trade Abolition bill . His lordship observed that the object of the greater part of these ammendments was to inforce penalties and forfeitures upon those carrying on the trade , after the period fixed by parliament for its abolition , which it was not the practice of that house to enact . These amendments ; therefore , were merely calculated the better to carry into effect the principle of the bill . With respect to the amendment in the preamble , leaving out the words , declaring the trade to be contrary to justice , humanity , and sound policy , it would not be imagined after what he had said upon the subject , that his opinion had sustained any alteration . It having , however , been thought right by the house of commons to make this alteration , in order that the feelings of those concerned in the trade might not be wounded , he had no objection to it . to deliver his opinion of the bill , which he had not till then an opportunity of doing . The right reverend prelate observed , that in judging of the propriety of the preamble as it originally stood , or of the amendments that had been made in it , the different states of slavery as they existed at different periods of 169 the world should duly be considered . Certain conditions of slavery existed in the antediluvian World full 700 years before Noah ; and such must have existed both before and after the formation of civil society . Under the circumstances of those times , multitudes must have existed , who could derive sustenance only from their labour , and who , in order to secure the means of support , were willing to surrender up that labour , and with it their freedom . Such a state of slavery might not indeed be considered as contrary to justice and humanity , because it was a voluntary act on the part of those who submitted to it ; but , although that state of slavery might not be judged inconsistent with justice and humanity , it did not follow that other descriptions of it might not be highly inhuman and unjust ; for what could be more contrary to justice and humanity , than to excite civil war in a country , and then take advantage of the calamities arising from it to force away the miserable inhabitants into an hopeless captivity ? Such he conceived to be the nature of the trade which it was proposed to abolish . Its abolition was an act Of national humanity and justice ; it was an act that would never be blotted out in the records of divine mercy . He was ready to confess , that the most keenly exploring eye might not be able to dive into the