tardy consent to the clauses in the mutiny bill ; that he meant to confine the whole matter strictly to the Irish act of 1793 ; and that his majesty then said he would not go one step further : and the papers now before the house established beyond dispute that fact . Now , considering how the business was conducted upon this , the measure attempted to be carried was grounded on the idea of preserving peace in Ireland ; grounds on which his majesty 's late ministers could not themselves agree , and yet they went on with the measure after they knew that his majesty could not assent to it according to his own conscientious sense of the oath which he took at his coronation—an oath which his majesty was awfully impressed with the conviction of its being registered in heaven . These ministers considered whether they could mend the act of parliament which 409 they had brought into the house of commons ; but finding that impossible consistently with the objects they had in view , they relinquished the matter altogether ; although at the time they brought it in , they had solemnly declared it was absolutely necessary for the safety of that part of the British empire . And yet , after this , they claimed the right of proposing this or the like measure from time to time to his majesty ; although they knew that the sense he entertained of his coronation oath prevented him from assenting to it , they claimed the right to do so—said they were bound to do so from the view they had of their oaths as privy counsellors ; and yet they had not the same tenderness for the regard which the king had for his own coronation oath , registered , as he felt it to be , in heaven . They were not blamed for what they did ; they were not bound to relinquish their oaths , for they could retire from office ; and why should they ask his majesty to relinquish the sense which he entertained of his oath ? He really should have been sorry that any of those with whom he had the honour to act , should have brought forward this subject before parliament in any shape ; but the other side insisted on it , and the dilemma in which they had placed themselves was such , that he could not conceive how men of such understandings as the late ministers , could place themselves in it . As to the question of a pledge , he had to observe , that no pledge was asked of the late ministers , until they had set the example by laying in a claim to be at liberty to advise his majesty upon a subject on which they knew his mind was entirely made up ; and that was the foundation of the pledge required by the king ; nor did he see the idea of a pledge in the same light as that in which it struck some noble lords in that house . For instance , if William III . or George I. had said to any of the ministers employed by them—I have no objection to any of your principles in general , except that I think you are attached to the house of Stuart ; and therefore , unless you give me an undertaking or pledge in writing , I will not employ you as my ministers . He apprehended there would not have been any impropriety in such ministers signing such a pledge ; and he wished to know why his majesty should be less entitled to be satisfied against the re-introduction of popery into this land ? How did the case stand at this time ? The late administration 410 gave way to the conscientious scruples of the king upon the present occasion ; but they attempted to retain the right to bring forward the same subject again when occasion should require ; which was as much as to say , When rebellion may rage within your dominions , and when you may