, that he had seen his majesty on the 11th of Feb. subsequently to the audience granted to himself ( lord S. ) , and that he had no reason to doubt his majesty 's full comprehension of the measure , as now intended to be submitted to parliament . After much discussion , it was proposed by lord Howick , to transmit to his majesty a copy of the clauses intended to be inserted in the Mutiny bill . Of this suggestion he ( lord S. ) declared his entire approbation ; but added , that it would be necessary for him to accompany the communication of these clauses , with a note from himself , expressive of his dissent from those parts of them , which carried the measure beyond what he had understood to be intended by the dispatch to the lord lieutenant , of the 9th of Feb. , and the minute of cabinet , of the subsequent day . In the result however , the suggestion of sending the clauses was not then adopted , and no communication on this point was made from the cabinet to the king . In the evening of 396 the following day , he pressed the re-consideration of the subject on lord Grenville , and was informed by his lordship in answer , that the clauses had been sent on that day to his majesty ; —they were accompanied , as he had since learnt , by a dispatch to the lord lieutenant , and a note from the secretary of state . On the Tuesday evening ( March the 3d ) he found , that the clauses were returned by the king without any comment ; from which circumstance , his majesty 's acquiescence had been inferred ; an inference somewhat hastily drawn , as he thought , and upon insufficient grounds.—On the following day , he waited on his majesty at the Queen 's palace , on his official business ; and then stated , at an audience , what it would have been more satisfactory to him to have expressed in a note at an earlier period , and which he should have had an opportunity of doing , if the clauses had been communicated to his majesty , in consequence of a minute of the cabinet . On that day the king having been fully apprised , not only by himself , but by lord Howick , of the nature and details of the measure , communicated to lord Howick his sentiments , in a manner which had unquestionably been misunderstood by that noble lord : but it was also an indisputable fact , that it was intended by his majesty explicitly to declare that his consent was confined to that part of the measure to which he had before reluctantly acceded , viz . the extension of the act of 1793 to Great Britain.—On the Friday following , it having been judged proper to relinquish the mode of proceeding by clauses in the Mutiny bill , lord Howick moved the house of commons for leave to bring in a bill , the object of which was to open both army and navy , without restriction or limitation , to the Catholics and Dissenters of the United Kingdom . The bill was accordingly brought in , and ordered to be read a second time on Thursday the 12th of March . Under these circumstances , and having been apprised of the favourable manner in which lord Howick 's proposition appeared to have been received in the house of commons , he ( lord S. ) wrote , on Monday the 9th , to lord Grenville , stating , that `` He found it impossible to act up to his own opinions on parts of this bill , in the manner which their influence on his mind necessarily required , and , at the same time , to satisfy his sense of what was due to the government of which he was a member , '' 397 On the next day , he had a conversation on the subject with the noble baron , and ,