more could they possibly do than unanimously to abandon the whole measure , when the misconception was discovered ? By that abandonment , his majesty and his late ministers were brought back to the very situation in which they stood at the formation of the administration . They reciprocally knew each other 's opinions . Sufficient for every day is the good or the evil of it . It was open to the ministers to propose , and for the king to reject , their propositions . If their duty had called upon them , on any future occasion , not to yield to his majesty , it would have been their duty to resign ; and for the king to have removed them if they did not , instead of exposing the country , at such a crisis , to the serious consequences of a change , even though the change were for the better . I never , therefore , at the time the ministry was upon the eve of dissolving , could discover any just or rational ground for its dissolution ; and I have never therefore been able to persuade myself , that their removal was the spontaneous act of the king on that account ; because , having the highest opinion of his majesty 's honour and fairness , I could not reconcile their removal with either . A pledge was tendered , which is not only not argued to be legal , but the illegality of which is considered as a childish truism , utterly unfit for debate in parliament ; and yet this refusal , without farther parley or explanation , and in the midst of the most respectful and affectionate submission , ( a large majority of the cabinet , not even chargeable with any misconception , ) was made the only ground of a total indiscriminate removal ; I say the only ground , because if the pledge had been taken , their continuance was of course ; the king could not have gone back . Professing therefore the most sincere reverence and affection for his majesty , which I do really feel , and which I can not help feeling , from every thing that I have seen and known since I have had the honour to be near his person , I do not believe that the ministry was dissolved by the spontaneous act of the king , on that single account . I believe that , independently of this , it must have been doomed somehow 360 or other to dissolution . That the king 's opinions , and scruples , and feelings , were most honest , honourable , and conscientious , I most firmly do believe ; but not that all that has happened was the unmixed result of them : and I can not help thinking that , independently of the legal presumption , the king was advised , in the ordinary sense of the expression , in some quarter , or by some means or other , to remove his ministers . My lords , I do not mean to say , nor in the most distant manner to insinuate , for I never will insinuate what I am not prepared to assert , that any noble lord now present , nor any honourable man in any other place is to be considered as such adviser though he should upon his word declare , that he was not . I assure your lordships , that I have no such meaning , but still my belief upon this subject , such as I have described it , is not at all shaken . We all know , my lords , that in political life there are wheels within wheels , as many almost as in a silk-mill ; that the smallest , and apparently the most insignificant , are sometimes , from their situations , the most operative , and that some of them are , besides , sunk so deep in the dirt , that it is very difficult to find their places , though one can very easily discover their tracks and their