which should , in their apprehension , render it their duty to submit the claims of the Catholics to his majesty , and then they might resign , for his majesty did not stipulate for the eternity of his ministers . It was also proper to attend to the point on which the assurance was required . The king had a right to say they should not come to him with counsels contrary to his coronation oath . He thought that the tendency of this measure was to destroy the Protestant establishment in Ireland . It was not by the Bill of Rights only that the Protestant establishment was provided for ; it was also secured by the articles of Union with Scotland and Ireland , and by various other provisions . They might call these the darker ages , and talk of bigotry ; but it ought to be recollected , that it was to these ages that we owed our liberties and the Protestant establishment.—The right hon . gent . then adverted to the impolicy of the declaration , that these concessions were necessary to allay the disturbances in Ireland , because it held out concessions as the reward of disturbances . Every thing that they desired , had been given to the lower orders already . The higher orders , it was stated , were already loyal ; but it might be said that the concessions to them would encourage them to conciliate the people ; but if they wanted this spur , he would not give much for their loyalty . He denied that he was ever animated by a persecuting spirit . On a former occasion he had only stated , that in case extraordinary powers should be necessary for ministers , he would not oppose them , and 320 warned them , that cases might happen where present lenity might be ultimate cruelty . He thought that the conduct of administration to the Catholics ought to be conciliating , but firm ; as concessions only served to keep Ireland in an unsettled state . There was only this alternative , either to establish the Catholic church in Ireland , or to preserve the Protestant establishment in its full strength . With respect to the pledge , which it was insinuated that the present ministers must have given as the condition of their coming into office , he could assure the house that his majesty 's present ministers had come into office unfettered by any pledge whatever . said , the bill which was the immediate cause of the dismissal of his majesty 's late ministers had his entire approbation , as he thought thereby we should have combined the physical with the intellectual force of the empire . The question now under the consideration of the house might very properly be divided into two heads ; first , the conduct of the late ministers in respect to the Catholics ; secondly , their conduct relatively to his majesty . The great object , as to the Catholics , was , that the bill lately brought into the house by the noble lord near him , had been promised to Ireland more than 13 years ago ; and the particular reason was , that the Irish officer in England might be on a similar footing with the English officer , and it was certainly no more than justice that it should be so . The right hon . gent . had said , that the objection had been attended to and remedied by the mutiny bill ; but that in fact was not the case , and it was certainly very wrong to have left the Irish officer , in case of his coming into this country , liable to the penalty of 500l . for attending his regiment in defence of it ; and a still further and more galling dissatisfaction , that he could not bring any suit , nor be entitled to that protection of the law , of which every other description of persons equally enjoyed the benefit . The second objection was that of the common men , who were