particular order on every particular occasion . The house , on the motion of lord Howick , resolved itself into a committee on the Slave Trade Abolition bill . opposed the measure , not , he observed , with a view to the consideration of any individual interests , but as an object of the utmost national importance . About the year 1780 , there were 15,000 persons destroyed by a hurricane in Jamaica ; in case of such an event taking place again , it would be found impossible to uphold the state of property in the islands , without importation . On the other hand , if the trade was not permitted by parliament to be continued , it would be found almost impossible to prevent smuggling ; or even if we did compleatly abandon the trade , it would be immediately taken up by the enemy , who would increase and strengthen his navy by those means , and we might soon expect to see the downfall of the British empire . At least he thought it might be expedient to give the planters time to add to their number of female slaves , as a probable means of laying the foundation for a better supply in future . He therefore moved , that instead of May , 1807 , the words May , 1812 , should be inserted , as the time for the commencement of the operation of the bill . contended that our colonies would neither be injured nor ruined by the operation of the immediate abolition , but that on the contrary they would be benefited thereby . The disproportion between births and deaths had been for several Years declining in Jamaica . And the beneficial operation of this measure would leave the effect of reducing that disproportion still more . Besides , the population would be kept up by the kind treatment , which it would then be the interest of the planters to extend to their negroes . He should prefer the rejection of the whole measure to voting for the extension of its commencement for five years , which would be only a com- 60 promise of their consciences , and a disappointment of the wishes of the people . argued in favour of the bill . He maintained , that the abolition , so far from being injurous to the navy of this country , would be advantageous to our maritime strength , by preserving our seamen from the mortality which took place in the prosecution of that trade . If it were to be only a question respecting the navy of this country and the navy of France , he should not have any objection that the whole of the French navy should be employed in that trade ; and he was convinced that our navy would maintain its superiority , while that of the enemy would be reduced still lower than it was at present . Nothing tended so much to the calamities that had ruined St. Domingo , as the unlimited power that individuals had of increasing the disproportion between the black and the white population . This bill would extinguish that power , and , therefore , secure the tranquillity of the British colonies . would be extremely glad to hear by what regulations the hon . member 's father ( Mr. Ward ) kept up the population on his estate in Jamaica , and there could not be the smallest doubt of all the other planters being extremely obliged to him , and most cheerfully following his example ; He had heard something of its local situation , preventing the negroes from mixing with those on the estates adjoining ; their habits were different , and that might in some measure account for the difference in the maintenance of the population on that particular estate . He cautioned gentlemen , however , against being led away by false notions of popularity and humanity . Those who were planter themselves might easily raise a clamour against the cruelty of the planters , & c. , but he would have gentlemen to recollect that the West