had proved to be almost hopeless of success . I look for their just distribution of offices and rewards ; to their foreign appointments ; to their civil promotion ; to the persons whom they have placed in pecuniary trusts ; to the persons whom they have prosecuted ; to the persons whom they have pensioned . I look for their energy and ability in the disposal of the military and naval force of the country , to the expeditions they have sent out with so little delay in the dispatch , so little contradiction in the orders and counter-orders ; to the conquests we have gained ; to the victories we have achieved ; to the stupendous advancement of our military and naval glory . For their talents in the management of foreign politics , I must look to the cordial footing on which we now stand with those powers in whose welfare we are most deeply interested ; to the prompt and liberal succours they have sent to that remnant of Europe , which is still struggling for existence . For the wisdom and precision of their negotiations , I must look to their negociation with France ; a perfect parallel to their negociation with their king , where the point on which the whole turned was left for months so clearly defined , that it rested at last upon the recollection of a verbal communication , which was understood by one party in one sense , and by the other in a sense directly contrary . I see nothing upon this review , which should induce your lordships to express , as you would do by agreeing to this motion , an implied or rather a direct disapprobation of that exercise of his majesty 's undoubted prerogative , which you have upon former occasions stood forward to support . From my own personal feelings , I may regret much what has passed . I did not wish the fall of the late administration . It was strong ; it was , or had been supposed to include sufficient ability ; it contained in it some persons in whom I had been accustomed in other times to repose confidence ; but I wished it either to be strengthened by the infusion of some better blood , or to be checked by an opposition sufficiently powerful to guard against undue exertions of the strength of government . On one ground indeed I may be permitted to regret their fall ; on a consideration of the principles of the persons who opposed them . I knew them to be incapable of harassing or fettering any administration in the real discharge of its duties ; incapable of taking advantage of ne- 376 cessary difficulties and burthens , to raise a clamour against them , which would aggravate those burthens and increase those difficulties . They would object to what they thought objectionable , and guard those principles which they could not desert without inconsistency , and which to them were sacred . Whether the experience of the last twenty years can give the present administration much hope of a similar opposition , it is for your lordships to consider . My temper is not sufficiently sanguine not to leave me , upon this ground , some regret for the past , and some apprehension for the future . With these feelings and these opinions , I can not but have some regret at the addition made by this struggle to the dangerous pressure of the times . If the struggle were not necessary , it ought not to have been made . Having been made because it was necessary , it ought not to be abandoned . It is no child 's play . The change is not the result of court intrigue , or party ambition . The present ministers have been called upon to support the king in the defence of his conscience . I approve their cause ; I do not distrust their ability or their zeal . They will stand firm to him and to each other . With the sanction of your lordships , with the