rescue the character of Mr Weatherhead from this supposed slander ? Why , in truth , no more than this : that he , Mr. Weatherhead , had not served in one ship only , but in twelve or thirteen , that he had continued in one ship a year , in another three months , in a third a month , in a fourth three weeks , and in a fifth five days ; running , as it were , the 151 gauntlet of the British navy ; for it appeared that he had been actually guilty of desertion from each ship , though in the first return it appeared that he had deserted but once . But it was not more difficult to fix the station of this naval officer to a certain ship , than to fix his birth to a certain place ; he had the singular good fortune to be born at a number of different places ; he was born first at Newcastle , next at Morpeth , and after some other births he was finally brought forth in London ( a laugh ) . But there was another slight ground of objection to the character of this witness ; in the month of Sept. 1803 , he Petitioned to be examined for a lieutenancy , and to the recommendatory certificates of the different captains under whom he served , there was but one objection , namely , that they were all discovered to be forgeries . He was not anxious to press upon the house the gross and flagrant contradictions and absurdities in the evidence they had heard ; he did not wish to expose the miserable wretches to the just rigour of the honest indignation they had so universally excited ; but he would put it to the feelings of that house , whether it was not necessary to inquire how far those wretches had been the tools of a conspiracy ; how far it was the duty of any agent or agents to inquire into the nature of the testimony and the character of the witnesses , more especially in a case where this evidence went directly to affect the seat of a member of parliament , to mention nothing of the danger of propagating groundless slander against a privy counsellor . It was for the house to consider how far the agents are responsible for employing wretches as substantial evidence , whose character they might have learned ( had they been ignorant of it ) in the neighbourhood of Bow street , Hatton-garden , and Newgate ; but he should abstain ; he would keep his word with the house , and not enter into any remarks upon the evidence . He had an idea of submitting some motion for the purpose of investigating the charge of conspiracy ; he should , however , in compliance with the suggestions of those hon . friends , whose superior judgement was with him decisive , give way , and should now , through a motive of delicacy , retire , leaving his cause with confidence to the house , assured as he was , that the house would with becoming dignity assert its own character and honour , and in doing so preserve his.—Mr . Sheridan immediately withdrew . and said : —Sir ; when this question first came before the 152 house , it certainly did not assume the serious aspect which it has taken this moment . I have read with considerable attention , the minutes of the evidence , which have been taken at your bar in short hand ; and I must say , that I differ from the right hon . gent . who has just spoken , as to the course of procedure which ought to be adopted . I may venture to say , that a more flagrant conspiracy never before presented itself to this house . It is not only injurious to the character of the house , but it is , in my opinion , a new mode of attacking Mr. Grenville 's bill . It is , I aver , an attempt