the ministers who were not summoned , was , from his office , the highest servant of the crown , and in a peculiar manner , the keeper of his majesty 's conscience , and yet he was never summoned upon the occasion . He believed that the late ministers had now discovered that their conduct was rash and ill considered . It was not only his majesty that had dismissed them , but they were no longer supported by the majority of that house . The other house had also , in the fullest attendance of peers that was ever known , decided against them by a very great majority , and the general feeling out of doors was also in favour of his majesty and against the conduct of his late ministers . The parliament as well as the nation had determined to stand by the crown , and there was a general feeling of attachment to the person of the Sovereign that would not allow the latter years of his long and glorious reign to be clouded and rendered unhappy by the perpetual agitation of a question most distressing to his private feelings . He would not allow , that the dismissal of ministers would be a fatal blow to Ireland . The Catholic bill had been brought in upon a statement which was directly contrary to the information which ministers had received from the duke of Bedford , as that nobleman had expressly informed them that the disturbances in the West of Ireland were not at all occasioned by any religious question . As to his own opinion upon the Catholic claims , he had always been against giving political power to the Catholics until the Union . Before that period , he conceived that letting the mass of the population of Ireland into the constitution , would be subversive of the principles upon which it was founded . He 470 considered , however , that that danger would in a great measure be done away by the Union , and he stated this opinion in the Irish parliament , and he stated it not only as his opinion , but as that of many of the leading members of the English government with whom he was connected ; but in stating this opinion , he never did give any thing like a direct pledge to the Catholics . Although Mr. Pitt retired from office upon the Catholic question , yet when he found how deeply rooted his majesty 's objections were , he never thought of agitating the question again , and declared expressly to his friends , that should the question again come on , since he found that it was so distressing to his majesty , he should not support it , but protect him against it . This resolution was communicated to his majesty some time before he again called him to his councils . For his part , he considered it his chief duty to consult the ease and comfort of his majesty in his administration of the affairs of the empire . His lordship then passed in review the whole conduct of the late ministers . From their first entrance into power , he thought they had been overbearing , and had disgusted all the principal bodies in the kingdom . They first endeavoured to force the East-India company to accept a governor-general of their appointment . They dispirited the volunteers , by speaking contemptuously of them ; they disgusted the shipping interest , and lastly , they attempted to force the conscience of the king to their measures ; but when they found that was not to be done , they were content to put their Catholic bill in their pockets , and to keep their places . There never was exhibited in this country , a government of such complete imbecility . They had claimed all the talents in the country , and yet had shewn no vestige of talents . They had excluded all the friends of Mr. Pitt from an administration that was to contain `` All the Talents in the country . '' They should