it a stalking-horse . He called on those , therefore , who had always professed themselves to be the friends of true religion ; upon those who were its friends , not in name only , but in reality ; upon those who considered it as something too valuable in itself to be reduced to the degraded character of a party engine ; he called upon them on the present occasion to shew their conviction of its truth , and the soundness of its doctrines—He would now proceed to call the attention of the house to the pledge which had been demanded of his majesty 's late ministers . He would not enter upon the general question which had been already so ably treated . He would not enter upon the danger to the constitution of having secret whisperers about the throne . He would not consider the novelty of having secret advisers to counteract the measures of the public and responsible advisers of the crown . He would not enter at length into the consideration of the mischief that must result from separating the interests of the crown from those of the people , but proceed immediately to consider the pledge with a view to the state of Ireland . If there was one subject more than another which ought to engage the attention of his majesty 's ministers night and day , it was the state of Ireland . The general state of Ireland was this ; since the commencement of his present majesty 's reign , the Catholics had received a succession of benefits , and they were sensible of it . They had gained wealth , rank , and consideration in the community . It might be said , that they ought now to be contented . [ Hear ! hear ! from the ministerial bench . ] But it was not in human nature they should be contented . Could they be so , when it was so natural 313 for them to desire to be admitted to all the benefits and privileges of the constitution under which they lived ? What was the state of the priests in Ireland ? They were a body unpaid by and unconnected with government . They were , therefore , subservient to the wishes of the higher orders , and to the passions of the lower . As to the peasantry , who bore an enormous proportion to the rest of our population , they were in an unfortunate situation , from causes peculiar to themselves ; which he would not enter upon . Whether a remedy could be well applied at present he could not say ; but this he would say , that it was impossible that things could continue as they were . They might be better or they might be worse , but they could not remain in their present situation . People might shut their eyes , but they might as well attempt to overturn the laws of gravitation as to think that things could continue as they were . For the truth of this he might appeal to a right bon . gent . ( Mr. Elliot ) , who was well acquainted with the state of that country , and who had been compelled to abandon a measure which he had in contemplation for strengthening the Protestant establishment , on account of the situation of the Catholics . Was such an exclusion heard of in any other instance ? Every corporation , and even the most trifling bodies , had the right to petition the crown and to claim the advice of ministers ; and wag this large body of our fellow subjects to be totally excluded ? This was not only a novelty , but a most alarming appearance in our constitution . Nothing but an act of divine power could keep things as they were . If the Catholics were told that they had no hope from the crown—if they were told that they could not proceed to state their wishes and their grievances in the constitutional way , they would do it in an unconstitutional way . What