the noble lord who had introduced this measure , that similar innovations would be pressed upon the house , and would at last proceed so far as to render it impossible for parliament , to maintain the tests which experience had proved to be so useful . The same sort of arguments would go to admit all dissenters into all offices and places of public appointment , even those which a large majority of that house , formerly , and which the nation at large had considered as dangerous to the religious establishment of the country . The constitution of this country and a church establishment were so interwoven with each 15 other , that the one . could not be affected without endangering the other . He , therefore , for one , would consent to toleration so far only as it did not tend to endanger the establishment , and he was entirely of opinion with his hon . and learned friend near him , that they had already gone far enough , and that any further innovation would be unnecessary ; for what was the argument of the noble lord ? It was an argument founded upon the anomaly between the two religions . This argument proved too much , for if this bill was proposed to remedy this anomaly , then would the innovation grow greater and greater every day , until the anomaly was destroyed by putting the two religions precisely on the same footing ; by repealing the bill of rights , and the test act . As to the terms 'darker ages , ' he , for his part , did not think that the persons who prefered the protestant religion had darker understandings than those who thought all religions equal . As to the operation of the bill proposed , his learned friend was about to put the case of a ship commanded by a roman catholic captain , but as he was diverted from it . he should beg leave to put it for him : —The captain is a catholic ; his crew partly roman catholics . Well ; the captain brings-a catholic priest on board , may , not one priest ( for he is not to be limited ) , but a dozen of them , perhaps ; and what is the consequence ? The priests disseminate their popish doctrines through the ship : some are converted , some not ; disunion is thus bred among the seamen ; and , instead of preparing to beat the common enemy they turn against one another , and fall to controversial preaching— ( loud laughter ) It was not a thing to laugh at : he would assure the gentlemen that it required more serious consideration . He could not help alluding to the levity of certain gentlemen opposite . He was the more surprised to see his noble friend among them ( lord Howick ) but he was sure the noble lord would be far from intending him any personal incivility . But , as to the popularity of the measure itself , he could not help warning ministers of urging upon the people an innovation of such popular odium . He reminded ministers of the riots of 1780 , and cautioned them to beware of similar consequence . The noble lord , little as he seemed to feel this warning , would not be quite so indifferent if his house were burned to the ground ( a laugh ) . Why ! was he to be told that it rage of controversy was to be confined to doctors of divinity ( a laugh ) ? Were there 16 not to be found as furious polemics in the mob , as among these who had graduated ? As to any obstruction given to the roman catholics in the exercise of their religion , he did not believe it . He asked of gentlemen on the other side , if they knew a single instance of such obstruction ? [ Here Sir John Newport distinctly answered in the affirmative ] ; It might be so ; but he confessed he