of March , the dispatch which I have just mentioned having been previously sent to the lord lieutenant , I attended at the levee at St. James 's , and had an audience with his majesty upon the business of my office ; after that was over his majesty was graciously pleased to ask me what was the business appointed for that day in the house . I stated to his majesty that the committee on the Mutiny bill stood as the order of the day , and explained to him the nature of the change that had taken place in the mode of proceeding , and the reasons which had induced the introduction of a separate bill : the king afterwards asked me whether the separate bill , intended to be brought forward was not the same as the Irish act of parliament ? I stated to him the circumstances in which they differed to which I added , that I apprehended it had been already explained to his majesty in the last dispatch which had been submitted to him . I also stated the reasons why I conceived the measure , in the extent to which it was intended to be carried , to be of the utmost importance to the welfare and security of the government of the country . And here , sir , I must acknowledge , that his majesty , upon that occasion , did express a general dislike and disapprobation of the measure . I mean to state every thing frankly , but I did understand that conversation to conclude by words giving a consent , a reluctant consent , I admit ; or , 270 perhaps , it would be more correctly stated as not withdrawing the consent which had been originally given . I conceived , therefore , that I still had sufficient authority , as a member of the government , for the introduction of the bill . I stated to my lord Grenville , immediately on coming out of the closet , what had passed there ; his opinion upon that statement was the same as mine , and we were confirmed in our belief that his majesty did not intend to signify any absolute objection to the introduction of the bill , from the total silence which he observed upon this subject in the audience which lord Grenville afterwards had . His majesty did not say one word to lord Grenville , the leading member of the administration , upon a measure which , it now appears , had the misfortune of being exposed to his most decided opposition . Under these impressions , on the next day , or the day after , I introduced the bill into parliament : the motives which had produced it , the extent to which it went , were fully explained ; not only were the arguments on which those persons relied who had proposed the measure , stated at some length , but the objections to them were urged with no inconsiderable vehemence . We know , sir , that debates in this house , though they can not consistently with our orders be published , do find their way out of doors , and attract , particularly on any interesting subject , general observation . They , probably , do not excite the weakest interest in those whose concern for the public welfare is the greatest . But , sir , though this degree of publicity was now given to the measure , and though it could not be misunderstood , during a whole week which subsequently elapsed , I remained in Complete ignorance , and without the slightest suspicion of the very serious , and , as it has appeared , insurmountable objections , which have since been made to it . Objections had , undoubtedly , been stated by one of my colleagues ( lord Sidmouth ) , for whom I have great respect , upon the first clearing up of the misunderstanding which had prevailed with respect to the extent of the bill these objections , during the interval of which I have been speaking ,