and real imports into and exports from Great Britain , for nine years , ending the 5th January , 1807 ; and also for comparative accounts of British shipping for the same period . said , he did not rise to controvert the statements of the noble lord , but merely to observe , that the grounds of such a statement proved the administration of which the noble lord formed a part , did not succeed to the government of a ruined country , or to dilapidated resources.— The question on the noble lord 's motion was put , and the accounts ordered accordingly . moved , that the house at its rising do adjourn to Wednesday sen night . immediately rose , and 232 called the attention of their lordships to the subject of which he had given notice yesterday . The principal points of his lordship 's speech , which occupied upwards of three hours in the delivery , were to the following effect.—I do not mean to offer any objection to the motion which has just been made ; but I rise for the purpose of stating , as your lordships all know it is competent for me on this question to do , the circumstances which have led to the present situation of public affairs . I mean to explain , as far as I am acquainted with them , the causes which have brought about the change which has taken place in his majesty 's councils . It is now six years since the members of a former administration , of which I formed a part , thought it their duty , under similar circumstances , to ask permission of his majesty to withdraw from their situations . This determination they carried into execution without communicating through any channel to the public the grounds which had induced them to take that step . I participated fully in the motives of forbearance on which that conduct was founded . I am far from now regretting that the change did take place in that manner . But it must be in the recollection of all your lordships , that the motives of the persons who composed the administration to which I have alluded , were made the subject of much comment , and were greatly misrepresented in consequence of that forbearance to which they adhered . On the present occasion , then , when a change of administration has taken place , not by resignation , but in consequence of the exercise of the royal prerogative , it is natural that I , who know the misrepresentations which occurred in a former instance , should wish to avoid similar imputations , by making to your lordships , and thro ' you to the country , a full explanation of all the circumstances which have given rise to the existing situation of public affairs . But I have still a much stronger claim to your lordships indulgence in making this statement . It has happened that a libellous publication has already appeared , containing a false and garbled representation of the circumstances to which I allude ; and here let me ask the noble lords on the other side , whether they can point out any period of the history of this country in which it ever happened that such a publication was made ? I speak of the publication of the minutes of advice given to his majesty by his late ministers . That advice was given to his majesty in writing , and though it was proper that the paper should 233 be transferred to the persons who succeeded to the administration , in order that they might know the grounds upon which their predecessors were dismissed , it was a very extraordinary proceeding in those persons to authorize its publication . If they thought it a fit document for public discussion , either in or out of parliament , there were two ways in which they might have proceeded , in order to promote a constitutional investigation . They might have come down to parliament and stated , that improper advice had been given to