connection with Ireland , so , he was convinced , that our salvation depended no less upon the stability of our Protestant establishment ; and therefore he was an enemy to every thing that could have a tendency to injure that establishment . If there were grounds for apprehension on that score , nothing could 311 be more proper than to ring an alarm on the subject ; but , on the other hand , nothing could be a greater crime than to ring such an alarm when there were no real grounds for it.—He would not say that they who rung this religious alarm , asserted what they knew to be false ; but he must say that they shewed a want of discretion which completely proved their incapacity to hold the reins of government . In answer to this clamour , it might be sufficient for him to say , that the measure had been abandoned ; but he wished shortly to call the attention of the house to the measure of 1793 , because he apprehended the extent of it was not well understood . The measure did not merely apply to Irish catholics , but to all Catholics , who might exercise their commissions in Ireland . By the act of union there was no separate establishment for Ireland , either in the army or navy , and therefore by the existing law after the union , it was competent for any catholic in Ireland to hold any commission in the army except that of general on the staff , and in the navy any commission whatever . The addresses therefore which had been attempted to be procured , were contrary to the existing law . Where was the danger stated to be imminent ? In Ireland : and yet there where the danger was said to be most pressing , powers were granted to the Catholics which it was not thought fit to allow them in any other place . The alarm was rung through the country ; and if it had been confined to placards on the walls , pointing out the terrors of the Pope and the dreadful evils of popery ; if it had been confined to the introduction of choruses into concerts of ancient music , and the singing of catches and glees in favour of the constitution in church and state , the matter might have been passed over . But no one serious thing had been attempted . The peace of the University of Dublin had been disturbed by a person for whom he had great respect . The person he alluded to , was the chancellor of the University ( the duke of Cumberland ) , who endeavoured to procure a petition from this seminary against the bill brought into the house in favour of the Catholics . When his first letter was not attended to , he wrote a second ; and he was sorry to say that in that letter the royal duke had conveyed an insinuation , too plain to be misunderstood , that the only way for the university to recommend itself to his favour was to present such a petition as he required . [ Loud and repeated cries of 312 hear ! hear ! ] He was sorry he could not state the exact date of that letter , but it must have been written either after the measure was a abandoned , or before . In the one case , it could only be considered as a party manœuvre in favour of the new ministers ; in the other , it must have been the effect of secret and unconstitutional advice . This would come home to the feelings of every member . Religion was not to be used for the purposes of party clamour . It was valuable for its own intrinsic merits ; it was valuable as a code of moral instruction ; it was valuable in promoting the purposes of order and good government , and all the virtues and social charities of life . It was therefore equally criminal and impolitic to trifle with it and make