outset , ought to be the first to bear testimony to their merit . In every situation in which his majesty 's army could be employed , he was satisfied it would display the same heroism , and he hoped would obtain similar advantages for the country . He spoke from experience ; for he had never known an instance in which British troops had been engaged with equal or nearly equal numbers , in which their conduct had not been such as to redound to the honour and advantage .of their country . What the noble lord and the right hon . gent . had said , rendered it unnecessary fur him to say more . The strength of the place , the difficulty of the breach , the quantity of ordnance brought to bear on it , and the great disparity of numbers , rendered this action as brilliant as any former one ; and there was no instance of an exploit exceeding it . He should content himself with giving his support to the motion , introduced in a manner so honourable to the parties who had moved and seconded it . commended the hon . general , for the particular notice he had taken of the 87th regiment . It was true , that regiment , led on by a gallant friend of his , had distinguished itself particularly in the assault . But what the hon . general might have added , and what he was sorry he had omitted , was , that that regiment to a man was composed of Roman Catholics . It was also a fact that 3 of the 4 thousand men composing the expedition , were Catholics . Who after this could say that Catholics were not to be trusted with arms ? Whoever would say so , was ungrateful , and the worst enemy of the country.—The thanks were then voted to brigadier-general Lumley , and to the officers and men ; and also to admiral Stirling , for his distinguished skill and ability in effecting the landing ; to the captains and officers of the fleet for their co-operation , and to the seamen and marines . It was ordered that the votes should be communicated by the Speaker to sir S. Auchmuty and Admiral Stirling.—After a few words from sir T. Turton and others , the votes were severally agreed to nem . con . moved , as an amendment , that the following words be added , `` and be admitted within the body of this house . '' wished the noble lords to recollect , that the order of the house which commanded the attendance of the lord president and the senior judges , also extended to such other judges as were able to attend . It so happened , that there were some other judges of that court in town , and therefore be thought it necessary that the present motion should embrace that part of the case.—The motion so amended was put and carried ; and the chairman was ordered to report the proceedings to the house forthwith . The house having resumed , lord Walsingham reported the decision of the committee . argued in favour of the right of the Scotch judges to be admitted within the body of the house . At all times it was a great and wise measure of policy , to hold in reverence and estimation , those learned persons to whom was entrusted the dispensation of the laws . But the judges of Scotland had a claim from the usages and customs of the Scottish parliament ; as , previous to the union , they , on all occasions , were entitled to take their seats in that assembly . Under such circumstances , he conceived that the judges of the court of session , independent of all personal feelings , were right in supporting what they supposed the privilege of their body ; and , with that conviction , he was induced to submit the motion he made in the committee , `` that they be admitted within the body of the house .