to commit him upon a strict adherence to the act of 1793 , and to carry their own principles into effect as far as that act carried them , rather than to abandon without necessity every part of their own measure , and to bring forward the sacred person of the king as the only bar to the progress of civil and religious freedom ? If it were true that his majesty were himself the only supporter of those principles which seated his family upon the throne ; if he feels himself bound by the obligation of an oath ( not voluntary but imposed upon him as the conditio regnandi ) , to draw a line which he can not pass , who is there but must respect such adherence to principle ? Who is there but must wish such a conscience to remain unmolested ? But is it true that his majesty is thus insulated from his parliament and his people ? Did the ministers really believe that they should carry their bill in parliament ? Has not one of their leading members in another place declared his opinion that they could not carry it there ? After the late and decided opinion which your lordships have expressed upon the subject , was there a hope of carrying it here ? Is there a doubt in the mind of any man as to the general sentiments and feelings of the country ? Where was therefore the necessity of relinquishing the measure in a manner which gave a wrong impression of the real obstacles which opposed it ? Still more , where was the necessity of accompanying the resolution to withdraw the bill with the stipulations contained in the minute of the 15th of March , as they have been stated by the noble lord ? As to the right of expressing in parliament the individual opinions of members of the administration , it was a right which no man contested , and of which his majesty only regrets the exercise , because it appeared decidedly adverse to the great object of their exertions , the quieting the Catholics , and keeping back their petition . As to the right of giving such advice in future to his majesty respecting Ireland , as the course of circumstances might appear to require , this was a general right , upon which if they had been silent , no man would have entertained a doubt ; but as applied to this particular question , what did it mean ? After a long and distressing contest with their sovereign , they had discovered , what they might have known before it began , the ultimate point at which he was determined to make his stand . By relinquishing their 373 own bill entirely , instead of condescending to restrict it within the limits of the act of 1793 , they had proved that any future proposal must go beyond that act . The power , therefore , which they thought it necessary to declare it was essential to their characters and to their duty that they should reserve , and from time to time exert , was a power to bring forward from time to time , for the decision of his majesty , measures to which his oath forbade him to consent . On this point , the king had decided , not lightly or inconsiderately . He thought himself bound to his Protestant people not to do any act , which was , in his own opinion , contrary to the pledge he had given them at his coronation ; he thought himself bound to the Almighty , not wilfully to transgress the oath which he had sworn . However the arguments brought forward by others might convince the consciences of others , it was by his own conscience , right or wrong , that he must stand or fall . If he violated this sacred contract with his eyes open , with his judgement unconvinced , he must at once break his faith with man , and prevaricate with his God . Under these distressing circumstances , his majesty proposes