generals on the staff . The effect of this permission so granted to the catholics in Ireland , was a most striking incongruity ; for if a catholic , who was by law qualified to serve in the army of Ireland , should be brought to this country by any circumstances which demanded the presence in this country of the regiment in which he served , he would be disqualified by law from remaining in the service , and would have only this alternative , either to continue in the service contrary to the law , and thus subject himself to the penalties and forfeitures consequent thereon , or to relinquish a profession in which he had risen to the rank which he might hold , either by the sacrifice of his fortune , or more probably by a succession of meritorious services , such as proved him qualified to defend the prosperity and assert the honour of the country . So absurd an inconvenience must be remedied . It was felt to be an inconvenience 5 when Great Britain and Ireland were separate nations , and had separate parliaments ; and when the act of 1793 was proposed in the Irish parliament , it was declared that similar proposition should be made in two months in the parliament of Great Britain This was distinctly promised ; lord Clare in the house of peers , and lord Bucking hamshire in the house of commons , distinctly stated , that it was the intention of his majesty 's government , with all convenient dispatch , to propose a similar bill in the British parliament . The measure which he was about to submit to the judgemnt of the house was calculated to remove the inconvenience , and to reconcile the incongruity complained of , and at the same time to maintain the faith of the British government , by redeeming the pledge to which he had alluded . The beneficial effects of the Irish act were immediately felt , and had since been still more apparent , while not the slightest inconvenience had resulted from it . The shores of Egypt and the plains of Calabria were decisive proofs of the advantages which we had derived from that act , as they were also decisive proofs of the valour and patriotism of those distinguished heroes , who , by their gallant exertions , had deserved and obtained the eternal gratitude of their country . After such a lapse of time since the passing of the Irish act ( the causes of which delay he would not then stay to examine , as he feared they could not be satisfactorily explained , ) it was his intention to propose to grant to the catholics , and other dissenters of Great Britain , those privileges which , while they were an indulgence to them , would be a source of benefit to the country . As far as it was possible to collect the opinions of the house or the general feelings of the public on this subject , there seemed to be no objection to the measure , as a necessary consequence of the act of 1793 , and as a redemption of the pledge given at that period . The only objection started appeared to be by those who thought that the proposed measure , by going farther than the act of 1793 , established a new principle of concession which ought not to be acceded to . It would now therefore be necessary for him to state in What the two measures differed . The first difrence was , that the proposed measure went to permit persons of every religion to serve in the navy as well as in the army . When the Irish act was passed , it was distinctly stated , that in the bill to be submitted to the British parliament leave to serve , in the navy would be included , and the only rea- 6 son why it was not included in the Irish act was , that Ireland had no navy . If it were right to allow catholics to Serve in the