he should be debarred from considering it with a relation to circumstances , and as implying a censure on the crown . But it was impossible , in justice to the sovereign , if he was to be called to the bar , and arraigned . [ a loud cry of hear ! hear ! order ! order ! ] that the question should be considered without a reference to circumstances . He felt himself under great embarrassment on this occasion . They said that his majesty was not censurable , but his advisers . Now , it was contrary to the fact , that his majesty acted in this case , in consequence of any advice ; he denied that any advice was given him on this point ; — [ hear ! hear ! ] He did not mean as to the dismissal of the ministers , but as to the pledge . He would afterwards maintain the propriety of requiring that pledge ; but as far as he knew 317 and believed , no advice had been , in fact , given on this point . But he approved of what had been done , and was ready to be responsible for it ; though he was obliged to state the fact exactly as it was . As to secret advisers , he asserted , there were none such while the ministers continued in office ; when they were dismissed , his majesty had , of course , consulted others.—Now , in considering this question , with a view to the circumstances , he would take three periods into view ; first , when the assent was given to the bill ; second , when the bill was brought forward ; and third , when it was withdrawn . As to the first , the important part was , what must have been the understanding of his majesty when he gave his assent to the bill . His majesty could only have had in contemplation the extension of the Irish act of 1793 to this country . That appeared from the reasoning of the dispatch sent to his majesty , which went to the anomaly of having such an act in the one country and not in the other , and to the pledges that had been given . The words `` any military commission , '' must have been understood as applying to that reasoning , as it was afterwards thought necessary , in bringing in the bill , to add the word `` appointments . '' His majesty had withdrawn what had been considered as a reluctant assent to the additional provisions of the bill , and stated that nothing would induce him to go one step farther than the act of 1793 , hoping , at the same time , that this would relieve him from all further trouble on this point . But it was not his majesty only who understood the measure in this way . Even the person who was to propose it , laboured under the same misunderstanding , and it was not clear that they themselves intended to go farther , for the Irish chancellor of the exchequer , in answer to a proposal for adjourning the second reading of the bill for two days , on account of the absence of Irish members , said that there was no particular occasion for the attendance of the Irish members , as they were already acquainted with the measure . But this was not all , for no less than three cabinet ministers refused to concur in the measure , when they understood the extent to which it was to be carried , he meant lords Sidmouth and Ellenborough , and the lord chancellor . The lord chancellor was not even summoned to the council , and thus the particular adviser of the king 's conscience was excluded in a matter with respect to which it concerned him to be thoroughly informed . It was known from the first authority , that the person who was to procure the king 's assent did not understand the ex- 318 tent to