not have ventured to obtrude at length upon the indulgence of the house : for though the subject was of the first magnitude , yet he thought the spirit of the question lay within a very narrow compass . The rumours of an intended change of administration , and which so much agitated the public mind , he for one most deeply lamented to find realized ; more especially as their dismissal was said to be in consequence of their declining to abdicate a right , or rather a duty , so important as that of advising their sovereign in all public matters to the best of their judgment and consciences . He was seriously concerned to see removed from the councils of their sovereign , the men who were such able props to the constitution , at a moment when their services were so necessary and he thought that the house would be wanting to its own dignity , if it deferred to express its opinion upon such a subject . He was glad , however , that the period of adjournment gave the house time to reflect calmly and deliberately upon the subject ; to impress them with the necessity of adopting some resolution , expressive of their sentiments ; and he therefore trusted , the one now proposed by his hon . friend , would be carried by a larger majority , and be adopted in a more decided manner , than any question which had ever been brought before that house . The constitution of this realm required that the king in exercising the functions of government , should take the advice of the two great councils of the nation , the houses of lords and commons . but the slow progress as well as publicity of their deliberations would , in many instances , destroy that secrecy , and interfere with that promptitude and dispatch , so often necessary to the success of the measures of the government . It had been adopted as a principle coeval with the constitution , that the right and duty of both houses to advise the sovereign , might be deputed to a selection from the members of both houses , chosen by his majesty as his privy councillors , by whose advice every act of the government was supposed to be guided ; and thus , as far as was possible in a human institution , to give to the free government of England all the advantages of secrecy and dispatch which belong an ar- 288 bitrary monarchy . But what surety did the country possess , that this duty would be honestly performed by those men who could restrain themselves by a pledge to withhold their advice from his majesty , upon any occasion , however important or indispensable to the security of his majesty 's dominions ? What security had the country against such men giving their sovereign the worst advice , or how could the people be secure of their liberties , under the government of men , who , for the sake of possessing power , could violate their duty to their sovereign , break their oaths as privy councillors , and risk their responsibility as ministers ? By such men , mischievous measures might be advised , which the wisdom of parliament could never repair ; indeed , neither parliament nor the country could place any reliance on men who could pledge themselves to withhold the salutary advice tram their sovereign , which they were bound by their oaths and their duties , in all cases to give Sir Edward Coke had said , that , in the quaint language of the times , it was the wish of one of the greatest tyrants that had ever sat upon the throne of England , Henry VIII . that his privy councillors should leave all simulation and dissimulation at the porter 's lodge , when they came to council . In his remark upon this , he had said , that the truth and the whole truth alone should reach the royal ear . But what was to be the security of the people