entertained by the house , whether the thanks of the house ought to be given in cases where important captures were made with little or no resistance on the part of the enemy . In the present case , however , in whatever point of view the achievement was considered , there could be no possible doubt , in his opinion , that it ought to be rewarded with the thanks of the house . The thanks of that house constituted an highly valuable and greatly valued reward , which encouraged the living and afforded the greatest consolation to the relations of those who fell . The brave exertions of the British troops , and the skill and valour of the officers , displayed in the capture of Monte Video , eminently deserved , in his opinion , that reward . The particulars of this capture had already been published . It appeared from this account , that two actions had been fought , in which the British troops had been victorious , and that subsequently Monte Video was carried by assault , after encountering and overcoming the greatest difficulties , with a spirit and a bravery deserving of the highest praise . This gallant achievement was of the greatest impor- 476 tance , not only from the impression which the bravery of our troops must make upon the enemy in that quarter of the globe , but also from the impression which must be made upon the people of the country , by the moderation and forbearance , the good order and discipline displayed by our troops , after the conquest was completed , and this , too , under circumstances which ( if any circumstances could justify it ) would have justified a contrary conduct , namely , the carrying the place by assault . His lordship concluded by moving the thanks of the house to brigadier-general sir S. Auchmuty , to brigadier-general the hon . W. Lumley , and the other officers under the command of sir Samuel , and an acknowledgement of the services of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers . thought it necessary to call the attention of the house to one or two points connected with this subject . The brave achievement which the thanks of the house were called for , deserved , in his opinion , the highest praise , and he rejoiced to hear the noble secretary of state come forward in the way he had , to move for those thanks . after a warm panegyric on the spirited exertions of our navy in cooperating with the army on the present occasion , concluded with similar motions to rear-admiral Stirling , the officers , men , & c. , under his command.—The question was then put upon these motions , and they were all carried , nem . diss . pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the house to the brilliant and important services rendered by his majesty 's forces in the Capture of Monte Video . It was impossible that a person in his situation could feel any duty more agreeable , than doing this justice to the services performed by his majesty 's forces . Nothing could be more grateful to the feelings of a person so situated , than to find , that in all the variety of opinions that prevailed on all other subjects , party feeling was entirely laid asleep on subjects of this kind , and only one spirit of emulation who should be most prompt to pay the tribute of gratitude and applause , prevailed in every bosom . He was sure he could say of one individual on the opposite side ( Mr. Windham ) , that whatever difference of opinion 477 he might have with his majesty 's present ministers on the management of the army , he would , on an occasion like the present , bury all those differences in oblivion , and be among the foremost to unite with those on that side of the house in acknowledging and applauding the service that had been done . He could assure that right hon . gent.