done than had been done , it was unmanly , it was dishonourable , not to speak out . For one , he would boldly declare that he had further views ; he hoped , that the young nobleman who had done his feelings so much credit , by the proposition which he that evening made , would stand to his ground . If he persevered in the pursuit of his object with the same zeal as his Hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had done , he had no doubt that he would meet with the same success An hon bart . had talked of a cloven foot ; he pleaded guilty to the cloven foot , but he would say that of the man who expressed pleasure at the hope of seeing so large a portion of the human race freed from the 145 Shackles of tyranny , it ought rather to be said , that he had displayed the pinion of an angel than the cloven foot of a demon . It was true no immediate connection existed between the abolition of the Slave trade and the abolition of Slavery , but the same feelings must be roused by the consideration of both questions ; and he who detested the one practice , must also detest the other . He did not like to hear the term property applied to the subjects of a free country . Could man become the property of man ? A colony emanating from the free constitution of England must carry with it the principles of that constitution , and could no more shake off its well-known allegiance to the constitution than it could shake off its allegiance to the sovereign . He trusted that the planters might he induced to lead the way on the subject of emancipation ; but he cautioned the house against being too sanguine on this subject . Were the planters themselves always resident on the islands , he should have greater hopes ; but it was not probable that because cargoes of human misery were no longer to be landed on their shores , that because their eyes were to be no longer glutted with the sight of human suffering , or their ears pierced with the cries of human distraction in any further importation of negroes , that the slave-drivers would soon forget their fixed habits of brutality , and learn to treat the unhappy wretches in their charge with clemency and compassion . Slavery would not wear itself out ; it would become more rigid , unless the legislature became more vigilant , and reminded the planters of the new duty that had fallen upon them , of rearing the young slaves in such a manner , that they might be worthy of freedom . Adverting to a quotation from the historian Gibbon , he contended , that the slavery of the West Indies was unlike any other slavery ; it was peculiarly unlike the slavery of ancient days , when the slaves frequently attained to the highest dignities . Esop , Terence , and Seneca were slaves . Was there a possibility that any of the unfortunate negroes now in the West Indies should emulate such men ? It might be dangerous to give freedom to the slaves in a mass , but that it was not dangerous to give it to them in detail , was sufficiently proved by a little pamphlet that had been put into his hands the preceding night , in which it was stated , that a Mr. David Barclay , to his eternal honour be it spoken , who had himself been a slave owner in Jamaica , and who , regretting that 146 he had been so , on a bequest of slaves being made to him , emancipated them , caused them to be conveyed to Pennsylvania , where they were properly instructed , and where their subsequent exemplary conduct was the general theme of admiration . With this fact before him , should he be told that he must give up all hope of abolishing slavery ? No , he would never give