. He looked upon the proceedings by the Attorney-General as the most moderate course that could possibly be adopted , under the circumstances of the case . The Committee had shown every disposition of leaning towards the accused ; and , therefore , instead of proceeding further of their own accord , had made it the subject of a special report . If the house should be of opinion that any suspension of procedure should take place , he should bow with deference to their determination ; but as a member of that committee , he protested against any suspension whatever . did not see the case in so strong a light as the honourable member ; and in a case in which the feelings and the character of one of its Members were so touch called in question , the house was called upon to give every possible facility to the defence . suggested , that the house could take no affidavits into account , and that his hon . and learned friend , who had been alluded to , could probably attend without inconvenience to-morrow . wished to know from the hon . mover , whether there was any precedent for an instruction to the attorney general , to prosecute in a case of this kind ; he had himself inquired , and he believed there was no precedent for such an instruction , without some further proceeding . was not aware that there was 507 any precedent : but he thought the proceeding he suggested the most consonant to the case—The debate was then adjourned till to-morrow . took a brief retrospect of the proceedings hitherto had relative to the Scotch Judicature Bill , and observed that he considered it of importance , previous to the motion of his noble and learned friend on the woolsack , for rejecting the present bill , that certain questions should be put to the Scotch Judges , the answers to which might perhaps give a new turn to the opinion of the house . It was his wish , if the house should agree to these questions being put , that the Judges should be treated with all that respect which the house shewed towards the Judges of England , and that they should be allowed such time as they might think necessary to answer them . He therefore gave notice , that he should to-morrow move to put certain questions to the Scotch Judges in attendance ; and concluded by moving , that the lord president and two senior Judges of the Court of Session , and such other Judges of that Court as may be in town , should attend the house to-morrow.—Ordered . stated , that he had been summoned to attend a committee of the house of commons as a witness . Their lordships were aware , that there was a standing order which prohibited lords of parliament from attending the house of commons , or any committee thereof , without the permission of the house . If however , the house would give him permission he had no objection to attend.—The Lord Chancellor moved , that the noble lord have permission to attend . Ordered . moved , that there be laid before the house a copy of the letter of admiral Dacres to the lords commissioners of the admiralty , dated 8th Jan. 1807 , inclosing a letter from captain Brisbane , dated Jan. 1 . 1807 , communicating the intelligence of the capture of the island of Curacoa . The hon . colonel , on being reminded by the Speaker , that it was usual for hon . members , when moving for public papers , to state the ground upon which they called for them , declared that it was with a view to an inqui- 508 ry into the ground of the removal of the late governor of Curacoa , and the appointment of another ( a connection of the right hon . gent . Mr. Windham ) , that he had brought forward his motion . thought the motion objectionable , because no parliamentary ground had been laid for it