an hon . baronet ( sir T. Turton ) had said , with respect to political prophecies , was , he conceived , equally unfounded and unparliamentary . He had said that those who uttered these prophecies , had the wish to accomplish their fulfilment . He ( Mr. Plunkett ) was ready to meet whatever obloquy he might experience on account of his prophecies . He denied the inference drawn by the hon . baronet . He had in Ireland pledges too dear to trifle with the peace of that country . He owed the deepest gratitude to the crown for the confidence which had been reposed in him ; he had no feeling 314 of hostility with respect to the present administration—he was under no pledge to the late ministry—he had only the desire to do his duty , and he declared that he regarded the situation of Ireland with a degree of terror and alarm which he could not find words to express . Gentlemen did not seem to know that there were fiends and demons in Ireland who watched for every opportunity of disturbing that country , and if the people were denied access to the crown , they would be thrown into the arms of the wretches to whom he alluded . The danger might not be immediately felt ; but it was threatening , although it might be secret . It was not when it actually arrived that we were to consider the means of overcoming it ; the means of preventing it ought to be considered beforehand . A momentary calm ought not to lull us into security , for the calm would be deceitful . He felt that we were walking per ignes suppositos cineri doloso . If the impression should go forth among the Catholics , that the persecuting spirit was to be revived ; if such a line of distinction was to be suffered to exist between the two countries , the very existence of the nation , he was persuaded , would be in the most imminent danger , and the state would be shaken to its very centre . He had now discharged his duty , and whatever might be the consequences of a want of conciliatory measures , that reflection would afford him some consolation . agreed most completely with his right hon . and learned friend , that nothing would be more contrary to the freedom of debate in that house , or to a full and open discussion of the different questions that might come before them , than the maxim , that political prophets wished to accomplish the evils which they foretold . He agreed that the consequences which might be dreaded from any measures , ought to be freely stated . But when he allowed that freedom to others , and put the best construction on their motives , he had a right to expect that similar freedom should be allowed to himself , and that his motives should receive the same liberal construction . If he , therefore , however erroneous his opinion might have been , thought that the measure lately introduced ; a measure which the late ministers represented as so essential to the welfare of the nation , and which they had notwithstanding this abandoned—if he thought that it was pregnant with danger to the constitution , it ought 315 not to be imputed to him that he had attempted to raise an unnecessary alarm , or that he had only party objects in view . He had stated before , and he now again stated , that the measure appeared to him to be attended with extreme danger to the established religion . He had stated before , that the measure would not have the effect of rendering the Catholics content with their condition ; that it would lead to other objects , and that it would not stop short till it had brought Roman Catholic bishops to the house of lords ; [ hear ! hear ! from the opposition ; ] that certainly was the impression on his mind at the time . The arguments of