Clare and lord Buckinghamshire ) , that a similar law , to allow the admission of catholics both into the army and navy , should be introduced in England . This pledge to the catholics is recorded in the secretary of state 's office , in a dispatch from Mr. Hobart , now lord Buckinghamshire . We considered it , therefore , not more a measure of general policy than an act of good faith and consistency ; and we did hope , that upon all these grounds we should be able to obtain for them that boon which had been promised them upon a former occasion , under the authority of government , and that the proposal would meet with that general approbation from all parties , to which it seemed to us so well entitled . It was upon all these grounds proposed to his majesty , and a detailed dispatch was written and sent to the lord lieutenant of Ireland ( a document which I wish I could lay before the house upon the present occasion ) stating much better than I have been stating them , all the reasons which induced us to propose this measure—the draft of this dispatch was previously sent , accompanied 267 by a cabinet minute ( dated 9th February ) , to his majesty . To that first proposal his majesty expressed a strong dissent ; and upon receiving the answer from his majesty , the cabinet again deliberated upon it , and again made a respectful representation ( dated 10th February ) to his majesty , as to the grounds upon which they thought it expedient as a point of general policy , principle , and good faith . To that representation came back an answer from his majesty , expressing still considerable reluctance , but , however , signifying his consent . I say , Sir , that that answer conveyed a reluctant , but a positive assent . Under that high sanction and authority the dispatch was sent to the lord lieutenant of Ireland , and soon after a meeting was held of the catholics , with Mr. Elliot , the principal secretary , and the lord chancellor , in which it was stated ( abstaining from every thing that related to the petition ) , that this measure was to be introduced into the Mutiny bill.—Some discussion arose upon it , and a question was put to Mr. Elliot by one of the catholic deputies , Mr. O'Connor , whether the proposed measure went the length of including the admission of catholics into all ranks of the army , or whether it was to be limited by the restrictions of the Irish act . Mr. Elliot 's answer was , in the words of the dispatch , that it was proposed to enable his majesty to confer on any of his subjects any military commission whatever . There can be no question , however , that Mr. Elliot had conceived doubts as to the extent of the measure , that he expressed himself doubtfully , and that his answer was reported as doubtful to a meeting of the catholics ; but it was at the same time declared by the deputies who attended this conference , that they understood it to be the intention of government , that staff appointments in the army , which had been excepted in the Irish act , should be opened to them . The dispatches , stating what had passed at these meetings , the question put , and the answer given with respect to the extent of the measure , as well as the understanding which the catholics had conceived of it , Were regularly submitted to his majesty ; and no dissatisfaction or uneasiness was expressed in consequence of what was thus brought under his view . I am bound to say , however , that it has since appeared that the measure had not been distinctly understood ; not only his majesty , but some members of the cabinet , had not been fully aware of its extent ; and I must confess , that I had not