, and cruelties , and miseries of Africa , are caused by , and dependant upon , the European resort thither for slaves : and here I will not merely oppose assertion to assertion , but challenge investigation , and ask them where , if the proof they alledge exists , that proof may be found ? In their pamplets and publications , though again and again they assume it as proved , I can not find it , nor does the proof lie in the documents which have been produced on your table . They pretend to value facts only , and to disregard opinions ; but opinions are not , in all instances , to be disregarded , nor are the authorities in mar statute-book to be treated with disrespect . I do confess , sir , that when a right hon . gent . ( Mr. G. Rose ) on the other side , produced a detailed account not only of till the acts , but of the proceedings of parliament , with the opinions of committees of this house , so decidedly and so repeatedly expressed upon the subject of the slave trade , illustrating and explaining , as he read it , the characters of those who introduced and sanctioned those proceedings , I did think that the accumulated authority thus concentrated and brought into a focus , was calculated to make some impression upon this house , and particularly upon its junior members , who might thence be induced to doubt and hesitate at least , and not to remain so confident in opinion as to treat with disregard , nay almost with contempt , the sentiments and arguments of those who yet adhere , with a lingering attachment , to the monuments of the wisdom of our ancestors , to the deliberate judgment of men , with whom I will not say that I would rather sometimes go wrong than always right with others , but of whom I will say that their talents and virtues have not been exceeded by those of their successors . Sir , it is impossible that we can pretend , that upon this subject they legislated in ignorance . The abuses of the slave trade were more flagrant at its commencement than in its progress . It began on the part of the English with acts of violence and rapine . Of those acts it is well known that 117 queen Elizabeth expressed her disapprobation ; and in the year 1711 , queen Anne , in recommending the subject to the attention of parliament , directs , that they shall enquire into the `` nature of the trade . '' But are not the acts of parliament themselves , and their preambles , quite sufficient to prove that our ancestors were at variance with us in the first principles of the question ? When they thought fit to encourage an `` African slave trade , '' for the purpose of `` supplying the West India colonies with slaves , '' was not this the whole of that proceeding , which we now pronounce to be ontrary to justice , humanity , and sound policy ? Put the case merely thus , and say nothing of any circumstances not necessarily and indispensably connected either with the purchase of slaves in Africa , with their conveyance to the West Indies , or with their maintenance there as slaves on our plantations , and let me ask the young members who have heard the declamations which this debate has occasioned , whether here he not the sum and substance of that abominable crime which they are about to abolish ? Our ancestors indeed distinguished betwixt the trade and its abuses : that they tolerated , these they reprobated ; a sufficient proof of which is afforded by the act of 23 Geo . II . c. 31 , which , in its preamble , authorises the trade and its application to the West Indies ; but , in one of its provisions , enacts penalties upon its abuses— abuses which it pronounces to be `` to the prejudice of the