move a resolution , `` That no office , place , employment , or salary , in any part of his majesty 's dominions , ought hereafter to be granted in reversion . '' gave every possible credit to the motives of his hon . friend and of the committee , and yet he felt a good deal of difficulty in assenting to this motion . The doubt in his mind was , whether the ancient and accustomed practice ought to be altered , when , as stated by his hon . friend himself , it had of late been but little abused . It was a favourite maxim with him , not to change established usages unless he saw some strong reason for it . This granting of offices in reversion had been a power in the hands of the crown for the purpose of rewarding services ; and hitherto it had in fact been a saving to the public ; for unless these offices could be given in this manner , services , if they were rewarded at all , must be rewarded by a grant , and a double burthen would thus be laid upon the public . The object of this motion , as had been stated , was undoubtedly of the greatest importance ; and yet the house was called upon to decide upon it at once . The notice had only been given the preceding day , and given in such a manner that till he came down that day , he did not exactly know the purport of it . He hoped therefore that the house would at least take more time to consider of it . If the motion had been for leave to bring in a bill , he should have had no objection to it , because he could then have stated his objections in the different stages , provided he thought it was liable to objection . But as the motion was for a resolution , he was inclined to dissent from it ; for even though it should be followed by a bill , those arguing against that bill would be under an evident disadvantage when such a resolution as this stood on the journals . He hoped therefore the motion would be postponed , if not , he should be under the necessity of giving it his negative . gave his most cordial support to the motion . He saw nothing in the arguments of the rt . hon . gent . who spoke last , to induce him to think it ought to be postponed . The notice given yesterday in one of the fullest houses of the session , and particularly marked by his ( lord H. 's ) saying he would support the motion , and adding , what he repeated now , that not one single reversion had been given away by the present administration , though some very valuable ones had fallen in , was , in his opi- 180 nion , as ample a notice as could be desired . It had , however , been stated in objection to what he then said , that some offices had been granted in reversion in the court of chancery . What he had said ought to be understood of the government , and not of the subordinate departments . The fact , with respect to these reversions in the court of chancery , was , that the present lord chancellor had advised his majesty to grant the reversion of two small offices in his court to a person who had been his clerk , while he was in such distinguished practice at the bar , and who , losing that employment by his promotion to the seals , would be wholly unprovided for without this grant in reversion . This was the only grant in reversion that had been made , though a tellership had fallen in . No custom should be allowed to sanction a thing , which , in the opinion of correct men of all ages , was improper . It was not necessary to argue the impropriety of