the people a free and unbiassed exercise of the elective franchise , would be but a mere dead letter if the proceedings enumerated in the report were not animadverted upon . He was aware that no gentleman engaged in a controverted election , without depending much on the assistance of friends and agents , and the house would allow the benefit of that consideration , so far as it would weigh in estimating this case . But , he lamented to say , that in the present instance , the hon . baronet had committed the offences charged upon him , not by others but by himself . The former patron of the borough of Penryn having withdrawn , it was resolved by a large party of the electors to look out for a new patron , meaning by a patron a person who either was to be a candidate for the borough himself , or to recommend a candidate . The terms agreed upon by these electors on which to sell their votes and interest , were 24 guineas a vote , and 10 guineas to each of the overseers . A deputation , at the head of which were a Mr. Stona and the Rev . R. Dillon , waited on sir C. Hawkins , to whom he admitted the first offer was made , and the terms being acceded to , articles were drawn up and signed . These papers the committee had not been able , with every exertion , to get brought forward . But there was the parole evidence of a person of the name of Moon , who was himself one of the parties , of a Mr. Hitchcombe , and of a Mr. Chiltern , steward to sir C. Hawkins , to prove the facts , and the payment of a sum of money , by the direction of sir C. Hawkins , to Stona , how much Mr. Chiltern , though otherwise trusted in money matters , could not say , and an order to a person of the name of Rowe , to distribute this money among the voters . Mr. Chiltern could not say whether the notes were large or small , or how many were in the parcel . But there was proof that notes had been sent and distributed to the voters . The minutes of the evidence were before the house , and he felt it unnecessary to make any comment on them . The house would deal with them according to its own feelings . He should move , first , that the house should agree in the resolution of the committee , declaring that sir C. Hawkins had been personally , and by his agents , guilty of bribery and other corrupt practices in the late Penryn election ; and he should then move , that the Attorney-General be directed to prosecute sir C. Hawkins , and the others implicated in the said offences . had hoped that he should have had abler assistance in the defence of the hon . baronet and that he should not have been left to manage the whole case by himself , inadequate as he was to such a task He had particularly to lament the absence of an eminent gentleman of the law ( sir A. Pigot ) , on whose support the hon . baronet particularly relied . Some important affidavits also were expected . thought the house ought to be cautious of procrastination . A threat of dissolution had been thrown out , and reports to that effect were very current . If therefore , the house wished to mark its sense of the offences contained in the report now under its consideration , it ought to do so before it should be bereft of the power by the execution of the unparliamentary menace he referred to . that as a member of the committee alluded to , he was convinced that there never was a stronger case made out for the consideration of the house , and it became them , consistently with their , dignity , to come to an immediate determination thereon