that demand was refused ? that the mere circumstance of the king 's having inadvertently made a demand , which his ministers could not with propriety accede to , can be sufficient to annul and bar the exercise of one of the most essential prerogatives of the crown ? The noble lord proceeded to state , that the avowed object of the motion was to lead to the re-instatement of the late ministers . However much he might regret that a change should have taken place , it could by no means follow that he should concur in machinations for forcing back upon the king any set of men who had lost his majesty 's confidence . He argued that no practical good could ever arise from such a proceeding , even if it should succeed ; that a ministry forced upon the king without his cordial approbation never could be secure ; that the only consequence would be to multiply changes ; and that every change necessarily involves much inconvenience to the public service . He agreed , that it was of peculiar importance in the present circumstances of Europe , that we should have a strong and stable administration . Such , undoubtedly , the late administration was ; and on this ground , 383 among others , he regretted the change : but , though the late administration was I strong , it was by no means to be inferred that , if re-instated , it would be equally strong . The strength of an administration depends in a great measure on the opinion , which the public entertains of its permanence . Before these unfortunate transactions , the late administration was universally supposed to be immovably stable . Such an opinion can never be renewed . They formerly possessed the confidence of the king and the country , united ; now , they would possess neither : for , whatever sense the public may entertain of the great and splendid abilities of the late ministers , the confidence formerly reposed in these talents , must be greatly shaken by a view of the extreme indiscretion of their late proceedings.— Lord Selkirk further observed , that , in the present circumstances , he could not approve or concur in a systematic opposition to an administration , whose conduct is as yet unknown . He thought them entitled to a fair trial , and that they should not be condemned till their measures should prove them unworthy of confidence . It is true , that many individuals of the present administration are well known as public characters ; but , as a government , they are a new combination of men , and as yet untried . He could not deny , that many members of the present cabinet had expressed opinions on various subjects , which he did not concur with ; and that , from a view of their former conduct , he could not avoid feeling considerable anxiety and doubt , as to what their future conduct might be : but he could not carry this so far as to say that they should be excluded , as utterly unfit to be trusted . Notwithstanding the opinions which some of them had delivered , against measures which he highly approved , he trusted they would see the wisdom of the maxim which their predecessors had acted upon in coming into office , that , taking into consideration the unavoidable mischief of repeated changes , they ought to acquiesce in many things which they found established , notwithstanding their having objected to them when first enacted . He referred particularly to the measures adopted last session for the improvement of our military system , the spirit of which he trusted would be still adhered to . It was also alledged , that the new ministers were pledged to a system opposite to that of conciliation in Ireland . He could not how- 384 ever perceive how they could fairly be considered as under any such pledge , and he trusted they would take the earliest opportunity of evincing the contrary , by giving to the Catholics