the practice now ; many better opportunities would occur in the various stages of the bill that would be introduced on the resolution . The right hon . gent . had said , that this would reduce the power of the crown to reward services , and that it would increase the expense of those rewards , by rendering it necessary to make all remuneration the subject of present grant . The rt . hon . gent . had looked but slightly on this matter , or he would have found , that grants of reversions had usually been made , not to meritorious servants , but to persons , who , from their tender age , could have rendered no services whatever . The grant of reversions was , in fact , an abridgment of the means of rewarding public servants ; for if the holder of the office dropped , the reversioner stepped in , and prevented its being given to a meritorious servant . Thus the public burthens were increased , instead of being , as the rt . hon . gent . argued , diminished by grants in reversion . He approved of the mode by which the committee proposed to establish this barrier , as well as of the barrier itself . While the bill , which was to impose a permanent restriction , was in progress , a resolution of the house would be sufficient to deter any minister from granting the reversions which the bill proposed to render illegal . He was not prepared to go into the question , whether the restriction was more or less called for now . He could not say , whether grants in reversion had been more or less frequent in late years ; but several grants had been made in late years , and particularly in Ireland . He gave 181 his cordial support to the motion , and he wished the house to go still further , and to come to a resolution against the granting of any office for life , not usually so granted . If any thing of that kind had been done , or was in contemplation , he thought it highly proper for the house to interfere , and to prevent it , by expressing its decided disapprobation . ( Hear ! hear ! from many parts of the house , but from the Treasury Benches in particular . ) and said : I wish , sir , that this measure had been brought forward 40 years ago . This has been hitherto my sincere desire ; and I , therefore , give the motion now made my most hearty assent . Having said thus much upon the measure itself , I can not help embracing this opportunity of paying a tribute of applause to the present administration ( I say present , upon the supposition that they are still in office ) , as I really think they have shewn every disposition to benefit the country by their judicious measures , and their avoiding the practice of former administrations , of granting reversions . Upon this occasion , too , I have another observation to make , which is this : in coming down to the house this day , I have heard a report , which I am very sorry to hear ; I have heard , sir , that the new government which is now forming , or to be formed , have agreed to give to an hon . and learned member of this house ( alluding to Mr. Perceval , who was not then in the house ) an appointment to the Duchy of Lancaster for life , in order to tempt that gentleman to take a place in the new government . Upon this , I may observe , that if men of great abilities are not satisfied with the rewards attached to the situations which his majesty chooses to appoint them to hold in the government of their country , if they do not think the usual compensation sufficient , they ought not to accept of office at all . I do ,