, who in former times , filled these benches with so much honour to themselves and advantage to the country . He felt himself obliged to the hon . gent . who had brought forward this motion , for having afforded him an opportunity of recording his sentiments . During the short time he had had the honour of a seat in the house , he had given his feeble support to the late ministers , because he conceived they understood and pursued the interests of the country . He could not , without sentiments of gratitude , reflect upon what they had done , to lighten the burthens upon the shoulders of the people . The abolition of the slave trade was another measure which demanded his approbation . Their intentions to bring the population of Ireland and Scotland into the service ; their measures of retrenchment and economy , the advantages of which were hourly felt in every department of the state ; their disposition to heal the wounds of Ireland , and to conciliate the affections of that important part of the empire ; all these were irresistible motives with him for giving them his support . The extraordinary change which was the subject of such general regret , would however not be unattended with some advantages . The country would learn from it , who they were among its representatives who would never abandon their own characters , or the people 's rights . Though the late administration had lost their power , still they might say with the gallant Frenchman Francis I , `` We have lost every thing but our honour . '' This was a consolation which ought 304 and wouldsupport them . For himself , he had nothing to fear and nothing to hope from any administration . It was a matter of perfect indifference to him , by what set of men the affairs of the country were administered , so they were well administered . There was , he would admit , much shrewdness , great dexterity , and considerable talent among the present administration . But as to those great and commanding qualities which should characterize the government of a country , maintaining the pre-eminent situation that this did , they were removed from their predecessors to an incalculable distance . So thinking , he could not give them his support . would detain the house but for a very short time . He would leave to others who were better qualified to discuss it , the propriety of the measure , to the rash introduction of which the late ministers owed their dismissal . For himself , he was determined to give every assistance in his power to the maintenance of that constitution in church and state , in the principles of which he had been educated , and upon the religious observance of which he conceived the best security of that constitution to reside . Seeing no necessity whatever for the recognition of an abstract principle of the nature proposed , he would endeavour to get rid of it by moving , `` That the other orders of the day be now read . `` —The original question and amendment having been read by the Speaker , observed , that the misconception with regard to the nature and extent of the measure brought forward by the late administration arose , as he understood , from the most imperfect explanation afforded his majesty by those ministers . He wished to know the precise grounds upon which the difference between them and an august personage arose . He never approved of the discussion of abstract propositions ; and sooner than entertain that proposed by the hon . gent . who opened the debate , he would vote that the other orders of the day be now read . said , he did not rise to consider the merits of the Catholic measure , though it was one , he confessed , of the first importance , and consequently entitled to every attention from the imperial legislature . With respect to the question immediately before the house , it was