one word on the subject of finance in his life . in explanation , stated that he neither had nor would have applied to the right honourable gentleman who had just sat down for the purpose of procuring him any appointment upon the occasion alluded to , and for two reasons , the first , that he knew , if he had applied , the right honourable gentleman was too much engaged in providing for himself and his family , to attend to any agency for others ; and secondly , because if he had requested the right honourable gentleman to undertake the commission , he was pretty sure that , although he might promise , he would have been very apt to forget it . Now the fact was , upon the case referred to by the right honourable gentleman , simply no more than this . After stating to the right honourable gentleman the substance 213 of some conversatiòns which he had with an illustrious person , now no more , ( Mr. Fox ) he did communicate to that right honourable gentleman , and authorize him to mention his readiness to accept of any office to which no salary should be attached , and in which he might be able to make himself useful . He remembered that he particularly mentioned Indian affairs , from his knowledge of which he stated to the right honourable gentleman his opinion that he should be able to render some service to his country . In offering to accept a situation in the conduct of those affairs without any emolument for his services , he hoped he was making proposition which should not expose him to censure , or to the suspicion of any unworthy motives . in explanation , expressed an unwillingness to fix any imputation on the honourable gentleman . As some persons wished for emoluments , so others wished for honour or patronage . It was not for him to say , of what description the honourable gentleman 's ambition was . With respect to the charge of his ( Mr. Sheridan ) being busy in providing for himself and his family , the fact was , that his right hon . friend , who was now unhappily no more ( Mr. Fox ) , thought , that after a service , he hoped not unmeritorious , of twenty-seven years in parliament , some provision for life ought to be made for him . It had happened rather singularly , that his right honourable friend had intimated , that the office that had been so much spoken of that night , the chancellorship of the duchy of Lancaster , should be appropriated to that provision ; but , on consulting with his colleagues , his right honourable friend found that trey had formed a determination not to grant for life this office , or any other , usually held during pleasure . On being informed of this determination , he entreated his right honourable friend by no means to press the matter , and thus he remained without a provision for life , and this office was reserved for the disposal of the new ministers . thought the right of granting the office in question for life ought not to be much exercised . He thought it wrong , however , to adopt a general restriction with a view to a particular case . He regretted that the question should now be brought forward to prevent the formation of a new administration . He wished the late administration to have remained in place . But the new administration were better than none , and therefore he was unwilling to see its formation impeded . If the crown had the power 214 of granting the office for life to lord Lechmere and lord Ashburton , it had also the power of granting it in the present case , and who had a right to interfere with the discretion of the crown in the exercise of that power ? said , he should be always forward to support the just exercise of his majesty 's prerogative ; but he confessed