W. Tuffnell , esq . was duly elected , and that the petition , so far as relates to the said W. Tuffnell , did appear to the committee to be frivolous and vexatious.—Mr . Vansittart gave in at the bar a special report of the Shrewsbury committee , stating the absence of one of its members , and the cause assigned for such absence , namely , sudden indisposition . A medical gentleman attended , and proved at the bar the illness of Mr. Windham Quin , and the impossibility , in consequence thereof , of his attendance on the said committee . Leave was then given to the committee to adjourn till Saturday next . rose and addressed the house as follows : —Sir , since I had the honour of introducing into this house , a bill for allowing dissenters of every description , to enter into his majesty 's military and naval services , under certain restrictions , circumstances have occurred which have twice induced me to move for the postponement of the second reading of that bill . I now rise to state , that the same circumstances still continue to operate , and that I shall not be prepared to-morrow to propose the second reading . Not being able to ascertain on what day it may be in my power to proceed with this bill , I think it consistent with my public duty to make this statement , in consequence of which the order of the day for the second reading will be dropped , to be revived as the house may think fit . I am aware , sir , that this intimation must attract much observation , and that the house and the public will naturally expect some information with respect to the motives of it . 150 All I can now say is , that I must beg their indulgence ( hear ! hear ! from all parts of the house ) . I am not at present authorised , nor would it accord with my duty , to enter into any explanation on the subject . Whenever the proper time shall come , I can assure the house , that no man will be more ready than I shall be to state fully that , which under the present circumstances , I feel bound to withhold . I therefore must confine myself to giving notice , that I shall not move to-morrow for the second reading of the Roman Catholics Army and Navy Service bill . On the motion of lord H. Petty , the house went into the further consideration of Mr. Paull 's Petition respecting the Westminster Election . and said , that he was aware that standing in the situation he did , he was entitled to comment upon , and to sum up all the evidence that had been adduced in support of the allegations contained in the petition now before the house . He should , however , wave that right ; the evidence was in the hands of every member of that house , and he was not anxious , if he could do so , to add to the impression testimony of such a nature must have already produced ; he would content himself with one remark , which was , that that evidence , weak and futile as it was , did not say more to its own confusion than would have been proved by witnesses unimpeachable , which he ( Mr. Sheridan ) , had the house thought it necessary , was ready to bring forward . As an instance , he should mention merely Mr. Weatherhead himself . When an inquiry was made as to his services in the navy , he confessed himself not quite satisfied with the return of the navy office . A noble lord ( Folkestone ) was equally dissatisfied , but upon different grounds . The noble lord seemed to think that this Mr. Weatherhead had been calumniated , and accordingly the noble lord moved for a return at once more exact and comprehensive . What had been the issue of this attempt to