'' trusted the house would believe , that there was not amongst their lordships an individual who entertained for the judicial character a higher reverence than he did ; but , at the same time , he felt convinced , that no legal right existed by which the judges , either of Ireland or Scotland , were entitled to seats within the body of the house . At the period when a learned judge ( Fox ) from Ireland was placed below the bar of the house , he was seriously grieved ; but he still must contend , that the deci- 482 sion of the committee appointed to inquire into the precedents , was perfectly correct . At all events , he had thought it his duty , in order to support the characteristic dignity , and the necessary reverence of the judicial character , to consider of a legislative act on that subject ; and he would now assure the house , with its indulgence , that he intended to ask for leave to bring in a bill accordingly . was of opinion , that as it was the general sense of the house , that the judges of Ireland and Scotland had no legal right to the privilege , he could not see the necessity of any legislative interference . He was inclined to consider such interference rather as an innovation of a most dangerous tendency . contended , that the noble baron did not put the suggestion of his noble and learned friend , in a fair point of view . If the judges of Scotland had now no right , surely it was not an improper measure , which would impart to the judicial character , both in Ireland and Scotland , that privilege . There was one great difference , at least it had so struck him , in a comparison between the right of the Scotch and Irish judges . The Irish judges were called to parliament by the summons of the king ; and , of course , when that summons ceased , their right to a seat within the body of the house was annulled . But the judges of Scotland sat in the Scottish parliament , by immemorial usage ; and the motion of his noble friend went to allow them that which they had enjoyed in their national legislature . He only stated these facts for the consideration of the house , and not with any view of giving a decisive opinion . expressed his willingness to support the bill to which the noble lord alluded , and which went to grant to the judges of Scotland and Ireland , the right of sitting within the body of the house . At the same time , he must insist , that the precedent in the case of Judge Fox was conclusive against the present claim of the judges of the court of session in Scotland . He felt the force of the objection , even to the intended bill , inasmuch as it went to make an appearance at the bar of the house , a matter of degradation , and a subject of reproach . It was to be recollected , that some of the most respected characters in the history of the country , were often examined at that bar ; and , therefore , he could not see that the cause of jealousy , in the Scotch judges , was at all warranted . That learned body stated a va- 483 riety of reasons , which they conceived supported the pretensions they had made . But with all respect for that learned and respectable body , he could not give them much credit for the cogency of their arguments , the strength of their precedents , or the ingenuity of their inferences . Their reasonings convinced him of the liability of learned men to assume a right , which might probably have existed in distant periods of history , but which was solemnly abrogated in modern times . Thus , it was not long since a learned person from Scotland ( the lord advocate Hope )