the company , to settle in his dominions . said , there was no such paper , and that it was not respectful to the house to be moving for papers which it was known did not exist . observed , that gentlemen 176 might exercise their imagination to the great inconvenience of the house , if these things were permitted.—The house then divided on this question , which was lost by a majority of 30 to 24 . The other motions were agreed to . A Message from the lords declared their lordship 's assent to the amendments made by the house on the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave-trade , with the correction of a clerical error in one of them.—The amendment of the house of lords was agreed to , after a particular explanation from the Speaker , who stated it to be the practice of the house to allow such amendments , when they went only to express more fully , and to further their own intentions , as the amendment in the present case did , going only to supply a clerical omission.—Lord Temple moved that the amendments of the lords in the Sierra Leone Company bill should be taken into consideration . The Speaker felt it his duty to call the attention of the house to the subject of these amendments . This bill , proposing to vest lands in the crown , struck him to be of the same nature of a money bill ; and if in the one or the other the lords should introduce any amendments , it appeared to him that , according to the privileges of that house , such amendments were fatal to the bill . He supposed , therefore , that some member of that house would move , that this bill should be laid aside . Lord Temple in conformity with the opinion of the chair , moved that this bill should be thrown out ; which was agreed to . The noble lord then moved , that the house should tomorrow resolve into a committee upon the acts relative to the Sierra Leone company , with the view of moving for leave to bring in a bill of the same nature as that which had been just rejected—Mr . Vansittart rose to state , that an hon . gent. , ( Mr. Osborn Markham ) who was a member of the Shrewsbury election committee , having vacated his seat in consequence of his acceptance of a certain appointment , he submitted , for the consideration of the house , how the committee were to act under such an event ? The Speaker felt that the right hon . gent . had done right in communicating the information which the house had just heard . But as to the subject of that information it was his duty to state , that a member 's vacating his seat in consequence of his acceptance of 177 an office which was incompatible with such seat , or from any other natural cause , was no reason why the committee alluded to should not proceed in its investigation , nor could the house prevent , upon such grounds , any such committee from proceeding.—Mr . Lethbridge presented a petition from John Palmer , Esq . of Bath , the original deviser of the mail coach conveyance of letters . The petition stated an agreement having been made , several years ago , between the said John Palmer , and certain persons then in office in his majesty 's government , which agreement had never been performed by the said persons , whereby the said John Palmer was greatly injured . It concluded with praying relief . Ordered to lie on the table.—A new writ was ordered for a member to serve in parliament for the borough of Calne , in the room of Osborne Markham Esq . who had accepted the office of Commissioner of Barracks . called the attention of the house to a circumstance which occurred relative to this election , which greatly involved the privileges of that house . A petition had been presented against