with confidence as to the final result of the struggle in which they have been so long engaged . It remains to be seen by which of those excellent , no doubt , but not very consistent or very clearly explained schemes which were opposed to it by the present ministers , the plan of my noble friend is to be replaced , and indeed whether the execution of that or any other plan will not be rendered impossible by the waste of millions to rouse unwilling cabinets to premature and ruinous exertions.—It remains to be seen by how much English gold , that is by how much English labour , and in the present circumstances of the country , by how much English privation and misery , it may be deemed expedient to purchase another third day 's victory at Austerlitz . Whenever it occurs , I trust that the same able hand will be employed in communicating it to the public , and that my learned friend and namesake , who can so easily persuade , first himself , and then the world , that a complete defeat was in fact a complete success , will be had down by a special retainer from the Admiralty to the Foreign office , for that particular purpose . We have at least one peculiar advantage in the management of our financial affairs . The present chancellor of the exchequer brings to the subject , a mind free and unbiassed : he is encumbered by no former pledges or opinions , never having , as far as I know , touched at all upon finance during the long period in which he has 447 been as to every thing else , so active and so distinguished a member of parliament.—Sir , I have been the more desirous to direct the attention of the house to the financial part of the late administration , because I am persuaded , that the purity and severity they displayed in that respect , contributed indirectly to their fall , and will prove a direct obstacle to their return to power . They were too sparing of the public money , and too vigilant in their enquiries into abuse not to be an object of aversion to the whole class of jobbers , defaulters , and political adventurers . These persons felt themselves in a painful state of fear and depression , and exposed to inexorable vigilance and scrutiny . The dissolution of the late ministry has delivered them from all their terrors . The good old times are returned , `` redeunt Saturnia regna , '' and they anticipate a long period of laxity , corruption , and impunity . The new ministers know how much support has been thrown away on that side by their predecessors , and how much may be gained by themselves , and accordingly they have not lost a moment in shewing them `` some token for good . '' What must be the satisfaction of the whole class on seeing that nobleman restored to the councils of his sovereign , who in what , I believe , was called his defence , but which to me appeared so much more like a confession of guilt , declared openly and boldly to us , the guardians of the national purse , that of a large sum of public money which had passed through his hands , he would render no account whatever ? —What a glorious set-off against the committee of finance , the commission for auditing the public accounts , and all the other vexatious measures of the late penurious government ! With what rapture they must hail the triumph that has just been obtained by their tutelary deity over the efforts of the friends of reform , over the feelings of the country , and over the dignity and authority of this house ! —The abolition of the slave trade was not , strictly speaking , a cabinet measure , and therefore can not fairly be made a part of their encomium in their ministerial capacity . However , the friends of that great measure of justice and