10,000 ; while in Ireland the number of parishes was originally only 2436 , and , by subsequent consolidations , was in the year 1791 reduced to 1120 . This reduction was highly injurious to the protestant interest ; and it appeared that , in the late troubles in Ireland , rebellion raged most violently , and most succesfully , in those districts in which the reduction had been the greatest . Having dwelt on the great importance of this subject , he concluded by moving , `` That a select committee be appointed to take into consideration the several acts of parliament relating to the building , rebuilding , and keeping in repair , churches and glebe houses in Ireland , and to the purchase of glebe houses and lands there , and requiring certain returns to be made concerning the sufficiency state of , and condition , of such churches , for the regular performance of divine service therein ; together with the several reports and papers relating thereto , and to the unions of parishes , that were laid before this house in the years 1803 and 1806 respectively ; and that they do consider the said acts and papers , and examine how far the said acts , or any of them , have been found inadequate , and in what respect , for the purposes thereby intended ; and do report the same together with their observations and opinion thereupon , to the house . '' said he would not oppose the motion of the right hon . gent . but he contended that the poverty of the people was so great in many places , that if it were not for the union of the parishes , the clergy would have devoured the people . Besides 498 this , there was an old act , passed in the reign of Queen Elizabeth , he believed , which authorised the lord lieutenant and privy council to divide or consolidate parishes according to the necessity of the case , and it so happened that where the patronage of the crown was most extensive , there the union of the parishes was more frequently apt to take place ; for instance , if a gentleman had good interest and connexions of any weight , a single parish might be in so low a state , that it would not be worth his acceptance . He then would perhaps give the real statement of the case to his friend or patron , and afterwards a recommendation would come from the crown , that two adjoining parishes should be consolidated into one , which the bishop in such case mostly agreed to . He did not estimate the population of Ireland at much more than two millions , and the Protestant clergy would be very much oppressed and unable to maintain the respectability of their situation , if the union of parishes were not in many instances allowed . said , that many erroneous calculations had gone forth as to the actual number of inhabitants in Ireland . The number as laid down by Mr. Bushe , in the Irish Philosophical Transactions , amounted to upwards of four millions . Although the lords lieutenant of Ireland had the power of disuniting parishes , he had not found any instance in which they had done so . The state of the protestant church of Ireland did require the attention of the house , and he was sure they could not bestow their labours better than in discussing such an inquiry . said , he should certainly forward the object of the motion . He believed the money directed to be applied for the benefit of the church , by the acts in 1803 , had never been properly applied . Many of the unions had been directed the privy council , on account of some of the parishes not being adequate to the maintenance of a clergyman . The proposed inquiry , therefore , appeared to be one of the most useful acts the house could engage in . One object on this side of the water had been to