Sheridan—he saw them when they came back with the signature of Mr. Sheridan wet ; he proves also , that Mr. Sheridan at this meeting on the 19th of Feb. addressed a conversation to him , personally , on the subject of these letter. , and that at the close of that conversation he made to Mr. Weatherhead a request , which I own I feel an extreme difficulty in referring to , in any other way than as a direct confirmation of the whole account thus given on the subject.—That Mr. Sheridan said to him , do you and Mr. Drake come to me tomorrow at two o'clock.—This was after the private conversation with Mr. Drake ; after interrogating him on the subject of the letters and enquiry of Mr. Weatherhead , another witness under summons to attend , he asks him , are you actually employed on the other side ? —he says no then , says he , do you and Mr. Drake come to me tomorrow at two o'clock . For what purpose were they to come the next day to Mr. Sheridan ? —Why were they to be invited to come ? In what way can that possibly be explained consistent with the representation of no connection subsisting between these parties . —Sir , this , together with the other evidence I have stated of the other persons employed ; the solicitor , Mr. Burgess , Mr. Wallis employed by the solicitor , Mr. Gallant , who was employed under them during the election , the proof of the conduct of Mr. Homan in Frith-street , the proof of Mr. Edwards and Mr. Johnston 's applications on the subject of these letters and of the witnesses , constitutes the testimony lying before you in proof of this petition , in verbis , in terms , by the . 8 witnesses who have been examined at your bar.—I have now , sir , discharged my duty to the house by stating the petition and stating the import , I hope fairly stating , the nature of the testimony adduced in support of it . I have cautiously abstained from entering upon any one topic that is not directly connected with the subject before you . I will not detain the house one moment with any recapitulation or any observations on the subject . I leave it entirely with the house to pronounce their judgment upon it . I am persuaded that it will be a wise , a just , and a proper judgment , that they will attentively read the 37 evidence for themselves , with opportunities of seeing it and of examining it better than it has been in my power to obtain ; they will weigh it , and finally give that judgment which is best calculated to vindicate their own honour and dignity , and which will be satisfactory to every person by whom that testimony shall be hereafter read . I beg pardon for detaining the house so long , and return my humble thanks to the house for their patience . '' protested , that he was never more surprised at any thing than at the speech which he had just heard from the learned counsel . He had heard rumours that he intended to have thrown up his brief . But , if he was surprised , he was not alarmed . The learned counsel had said that he ( Mr. S. ) had an advantage over the petitioner . He denied this , as he had not availed himself of the assistance of counsel . If he had been capable of stating , as proved matter , that which had been only asserted , and that too by witnesses who had been nearly commited by the house for scandalous prevarication—if he had stated every thing in the evidence that made for him , and none that made against him , and had the stupidity to think that the house would believe him , then he might be said to have the advantage . He expressed his high respect for the profession , but thought there were limits within