making that observation he had rather in view to reflect additional lustre on that achievement , than to aim any attack by a side wind , or otherwise , on the late administration . No doubt , the inevitable inference from his remarks was a censure so far on the late ministry , but he did not single out any department of that government , much less any individual , as the peculiar object of his animadversion . If , however , the cap seemed to fit the noble earl , it was for that noble earl further to explain himself : he certainly was surprised that any noble lord , who belonged to the late administration , could have so far let himself down as to justify his conduct by squeezing it upon that of his predecessors in office , whom it was the constant study and practice of the late administration to disparage and decry in the public estimation . defended the character of the late ministry , and observed , that the noble earl ( Galloway ) should have waited the return to the motion , before he proceeded to animadvert upon the conduct of the late government . For his own part , he never disparaged the merits of the capture of the Cape of Good Hope ; on the contrary , he was among those , who valued that possession much higher than any , perhaps , of the present ministry . in explanation , observed , that the deficiency of ammunition , alluded to in the dispatches , was not owing 504 to the actual want of that article , but to the difficulty of introducing it within the trenches . The Earl of Galloway would leave to the house to judge of the defence set up by the noble lords opposite . He should stand upon the ground he had originally taken , and content himself with observing , that the general , employed by the late administration , had complained of the situation in which they had placed him ; the officer , who achieved the capture of the Cape , had performed his duty , and made no complaint against any one.—After a few words in explanation , the motion was agreed to . —On the motion of lord Porchester , it was ordered , that Drake , who was confined in Newgate under an order of the house , should be brought up to-morrow , to give evidence before the committee on the Westminster Election Petition.—Mr . White presented at the bar the following list of the committee chosen to try the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue return for Aberdeenshire : Tho . Bernard , R. Dawson , D. Jephson , sir J . B. Warren , John Patteson , Scrope Bernard , W. Taylor , D. S. Dugdale , lord Headley , E. Baillie , sir C. Hawkins , lord John Thynne.—Nominees , H. Erskine , sir J. Montgomery . moved the further consideration of the report of the committee upon the Penryn Election , which being read accordingly , and also the order for the attendance of sir Christopher Hawkins , stated , according to the custom in similar cases , that then was the time for the hon . bart . to deliver his sentiments upon the subject of the charge advanced against him . being present in his place , said , he should leave his case entirely to the justice and liberality of the house , and then withdrew . said , that nothing was more remote from his wishes than to hurt the feelings of the hon . baronet in question . The proceeding he was about to take , was not matter of option but of duty . The parties in the Penryn election were strangers to him . The situation he had the honour to hold on the committee was the sole cause why he called the attention of the house to the transactions contained in the report . The report contained ample grounds for the motions he 505 was about to submit . The laws which secured to