before the house , whereas then it was not expected to be brought forward for some time . stated , that two out of the three comptrollers of army accounts concurred in the propriety of the measure.—The motion was then agreed to . The house having resolved itself into a committee on this bill , said that he had no objection to the interest of the loan being secured for the present year according to the mode pointed out in the plan of the noble lord ( H. Petty ) . He wished , however , to avoid pledging the house to approve of any part of that plan for the future . He was very ready to agree to the first object that was stated , to prevent any new taxation in the present year ; he was ready to agree to the 10 per cent . which was created for the interest of the loan of the present year , and the sinking fund ; but there were other parts of that very complicated system which required a more ample consideration than could be well bestowed upon it in the course of the present session . There were many objections to the principle of making permanent those taxes which were originally raised as mere war taxes , and making them the fund which was to secure the interest of the loans . He had been well informed , that a considerable degree of sensation and alarm had been excited by the idea of continuing the duties on exports and tonnage after the war , and he thought that was a part of the noble lord 's plan which ought not to be persevered in . What he meant now to propose was , that the interest of the loan of this year should now remain on the war taxes as charged in the noble lord 's plan ; but that six months after the conclusion of peace , unless some other mode were resolved on by parliament , of securing it either by continuing the war taxes for the purpose , or by new taxes , it should then be chargeable on the surplus of the consolidated fund . He trusted , however , that the house would see that enough had already been done in the present session for providing for the interest of the loan of this year without any new taxes ; and he should wish to leave the general question open for the enquiry of the house 428 in the next session . The completion of any permanent system must take a considerable time ; and since the plan was originally proposed , a great deal of new light had been thrown upon the subject , both in the discussions which took place in and out of that house . He concluded by proposing an amendment to the clause in the bill agreeably to the observations he had thrown out . said , that if the loan of the present year were secured in the manner which had been already determined by the resolutions of that house , he could have no objection to adjourn the consideration of the general merits of the plan he had the honour to bring forward to a future time , when it might be submitted to the fullest enquiry , and to the final judgment of parliament . As to the alarm and sensation produced , if any such alarm did exist , it must have proceeded from a misunderstanding of what he had said . He had stated most expressly , that he did not wish to pledge the house to the continuance of any one of those taxes , but that he meant merely to assign that portion of the taxes , which was now represented by the war taxes , as the security of the loan ; and to pledge the house only to substitute other taxes for any of those which they might resolve to discontinue . As for what taxes should be continued after the war , and what should be discontinued , he had always stated , and still was of opinion