was acting under advice , and of course with his advisers , subjected to constitutional responsibility . The noble lord himself , who sits on the woolsack , must feel that his majesty was of that opinion , and therefore we may account for the expeditious determination , in two hours , of that noble lord—a shorter interval of time than he was usually expected to make up his mind in . But , to advert to the administration so lately formed , I am at a loss to judge in what manner the contradictory opinions of the component parts can be reconciled ? How can we reconcile the opinion of the secretary of state for foreign affairs ( Mr. Canning ) , as formerly expressed , with his present connection with the noble secretary 406 for the home department ? or in what manner reconcile the immutable opinion of the latter noble secretary , with the repeated pledges of his colleague at the head of the colonial department ( lord Castlereagh ) to the Catholics of Ireland ? Were these contradictions to be got rid of , in what way can we conceive the repeated and long continued attachment and promises of the noble duke ( of Portland ) at the head of his majesty 's councils ! Consider the present ministry , my lords , in their individual characters , or in their collective capacity , and you must conclude in one of these two opinions , either that there is no principle or cement of union amongst them , or that they have agreed to give up every doctrine and opinion to which they were most sacredly pledged.—The noble earl here took a retrospective view of the parliamentary opinions of some of the leading members of the present cabinet , and on the views they entertained of the necessity of catholic emancipation . If that question was not now discussed , or brought forward before parliament , it was not owing to the exertions or delicacy of the present ministers , but to the genuine loyalty and unfeigned affection of his majesty 's late ministers . He must repeat , that he had no hopes of any great national objects being accomplished by the present administration , for they had not the advantage to be well connected with any considerable body of persons in either house of parliament . They had nothing on which to depend , except the personal favour of their sovereign and the sheer influence of the crown , having rendered themselves obnoxious to all those who loved independence , by the servility with which they had accepted their situations , having recognised the pledge which their predecessors scorned ; besides which , the discordant materials of which they were made up , left no room to hope any good from their exertions , differing so essentially as they had done on the most essential points ; and upon none more than on the very point which had occasioned their coming into power . But it was said that the motion now before the house was a mere abstract proposition , and as such , unnecessary to be voted ; now , he admitted it to be an abstract proposition , but he denied that on that account it was unnecessary to be voted ; on the contrary , he thought it became absolutely necessary to vote it , on account of what had happened previous to the dismissal of the late ministers , and on account of the terms on which the present 407 ministers came into office ; for the maxim , that the king can do no wrong , had been brought into great danger by the conduct of the present ministers , if it had not been overthrown by it . What was meant by the maxim , that the king could do no wrong ? Did that maxim mean so absurd a proposition as that the king was formed by the hand of God without defect , and different from every other mortal ? Certainly nothing so stupid as that idea could enter a sound understanding ; but it