of the parliament , if that threat should be acted upon , there should be time 424 for that serious and calm consideration which was necessary for a subject of such magnitude , importance , and difficulty . The case , as it now stood , was this : the statute of Elizabeth had been found not sufficient to produce the effects which it proposed . It therefore became necessary that some farther legislative provision should be made . He gave his hon . friend great credit for the attention he had bestowed to this subject , and hoped , that a great part of his bill would be productive of the best consequences ; but he was sorry that the clause respecting the relaxation of the settlement laws was to be left out , as that appeared to him to be one of the best parts of the bill . For the reasons he had before mentioned , he should wish the consideration of the measure should be postponed to a much later period , perhaps to the next session . said , it must be , indeed , a pusillanimous parliament that would suffer itself to be deterred from the prosecution of its public duties by such a threat , which was certainly as indecent , indiscreet , and unparliamentary , as could possibly have been thrown out . That threat , however , should have no influence upon his mind . He could not see any good consequences likely to result from protracting to a later period the discussion ; nor did it appear to him , that that was the most likely mode to gain for the subject the fullest degree of attention and consideration . When a discussion was put off longer than was necessary , the attention of mankind was apt to relax ; whereas , if it was brought on while the subject was warm in their minds , it was likely to command more attention , and to be as well considered . He had left out many parts of the bill , in consequence of communications received from a variety of quarters , and he was happy to acknowledge publicly , the great obligations he felt to those gentlemen who had thus assisted him with their observations . He had not given up that part which related to the relaxation of the law of settlements , but that part which respected the adjudication of settlements prior to the removal of a pauper . Although he had received some opinions favourable to his original idea in that respect , yet the balance of opinions was much against it . He hoped , by yielding to those opinions , the objections to his original bill would be done away , and that considerable good would be produced by it . begged it to be understood that , in wishing to postpone the business , he acted under no impression whatever of the description alluded to ; for no threats whatever should deter him from doing his duty as an independent member of parliament.—The bill was then committed pro formâ , and ordered to be recommitted on Friday . to ask a question relative to a matter of the highest importance . The question related to a transaction which it was reported had taken place in the Army Pay-office , and which had been brought to light by the Committee of Finance . As the circumstance was of the greatest importance in itself , as it very much affected the individual principally concerned , and as it was a matter peculiarly fit to be taken up in that house , he hoped that some member would state , whether the report circulated on this point was or was not well founded ? replied , that the chairman of the finance committee was not in the house , otherwise he would probably have given such an answer to his hon . friend as would satisfy him . Yet as he had sometimes attended that committee , and particularly as he had attended it that day , he was happy to be able to give an