government to follow up that business in the same spirit as their predecessors ? informed the noble lord , that no change whatever had taken place in the proceedings or intentions of government upon that subject ; but he understood it was the intention of the preceding government that some further enquiry should take place previous to the commencement of any process , civil or military , thereon . He had felt it his own duty to make some enquiry as to the further proceedings which had since taken place , and he found that no diligence or exertion had been wanting on the part of those to whom that subject was referred , towards bringing it to a speedy issue . moved the order of the day for resuming the adjourned debate upon the Special Report of the Penryn Election Committee . stated , that the question in 510 the debate to be resumed , was , That the house do agree to the first resolution of the special report of the committee , namely , that sir C. Hawkins , by himself and his agents , was guilty of bribery and corrupt practices , with a view to influence the last election for Penrhyn , —On the question being put , He said he was disposed to allow the special report of a committee every due weight and authority ; but was of opinion , that the house had the right to inquire into and discuss the grounds of that report . If a special report were final , then the first proceeding of the house would be to order a prosecution . But the house , on the contrary , ordered the minutes of the evidence to be laid on the table , in order to examine whether the report was borne out by that evidence . It was for the house to consider , whether the mortification of the person concerned , and the penalties to which he was subject , were not sufficient punishment without any further prosecution . Besides , unless the evidence were such , as to be satisfactory to the minds of a jury , the question ought not to be sent into a criminal court , because the acquittal by a jury , would take from the weight of a decision by a committee of that house . The hon . gent . then proceeded to comment upon various parts of the evidence to shew that the hon . bart . had not been intentionally guilty . He shewed that the evidence of Stona and Moon was contradictory with respect to the agreement , and that there was no evidence whatever that could be made the ground of a decision in a court of law . There was no proof of any agreement , or that any agreement had been acted upon : and he put it to the house whether , upon this doubtful evidence , they would , by agreeing to the resolution , prejudge a question that was to go to a jury . It was not unusual with the house to pass over special reports of committees , for instance , in the Berwick and Cricklade cases . And upon these grounds he moved an amendment , that the debate be adjourned to this day three months . had attended particularly to the evidence for the last five weeks , and declared the impression upon his mind to be the very reverse of that stated by his hon . friend . This appeared to him one of the strongest cases that had ever been brought before parliament . He had served upon many committees , and knew the scrupulousness with which their reports were 511 drawn up . There was no case in which greater confidence should be placed in the report of a committee than when it went to criminate a member of that house . The speech of his hon . friend was not in mitigation , but for the complete abandonment of punishment . He should therefore vote for the resolution . in explanation , asserted that he was authorised to state , that