attachment to the soil of England was cherished by the legislature . There had , since that , been two attempts to graft a measure , of the nature now before the house , upon the English code , the one by the late lord Kenyon , and the other by another most eminent lawyer , but both these luminaries of the law , upon mature deliberation , abandoned the measure , as being unsuited to the genius and manners of the people . observed , that the frequent passing of acts of insolvency was a proof of the defect of our laws with relation to debtor and creditor . As the law now stood , a man who advanced a sum of money to another would take care to have the best security possible for the recovery of the amount of that debt , whilst the honest and industrious tradesman would for the most part suffer for the want of a similar security . declared , that he had conversed with several persons upon this subject , but he never heard of such frauds as had been alluded to this night . The men of landed property he now heard represented as being the rich and the oppressors , and the commercial part of the community were spoken of as a poor and distressed set of people . The very reverse of this he believed to be the fact . The landed property men were the sheep , whom the minister , whoever he was , could easily lay hold of and sheer at pleasure ; when , if a minister attempted to lay his hands on any particular branch of commerce , there were meetings in every coffee-house in London , and in many cases they escaped from his grasp . of Scotland observed , that it was a peculiarity in the English law , which was unknown to the ancient Greeks or Romans , or to any modern state in Europe , that the death of a man should put an end to all the moral obligations which he owed the world . He was himself , in the proper sense of the word , a strong aristocrat ; but he did not think it right to support the aristocracy by such means as the law now sanctioned . In Scotland and in Germany a most high and honourable sentiment of the antiquity and greatness of families prevailed ; but still they did not allow a man to roll in the wealth which had been 163 left him by his ancestors , whilst at the same time he would stare the creditor of that man in the face , and say he would not pay him . He asked any man in that house , would it not give him an additional pang upon his death-bed , if he knew that he was to die without being able to do justice to his fair creditors ? He asked any man , could he bear to think of going in grandeur to the funeral of a relation who had left him a considerable estate , without at the same time some qualms of conscience disturbing his breast , if he knew that the debts of that relation were left unsatisfied and that he did not mean to discharge them ? A man must have a mind incapable of distinguishing right from wrong , or else he must design wilfully to deceive , if he did not answer these questions in the affirmative . It was but two days since the house passed a law on the grounds of humanity and justice , against every argument of expediency which could be urged , and could they , then , refuse their sanction to a measure so founded on justice as the present ? The idea of innovation was held out as a bugbear ; but was every science , art , and manufacture to improve by innovation , whilst the law alone should be deprived of its claim to pursue a similar course of amendment ? compared the present to a law which had formerly been introduced for the