sentiments most fully and explicitly on the subject . In so doing , it was necessary , first , that he should , endeavour to bring to the recollection of the house , that it was only under the feudal laws that freehold property was first established ; and it was impossible for any man to tell what further change the present innovation might lead to . By the old law of France , the moment a man was married , one half of his property was secured for the benefit of his children ; by the present law of Scotland in certain cases , the whole property was secured by law to their heirs : but did any man ever say that these laws were unjust ? They might be deemed impolitic in many instances , but they certainly were not unjust . It had been said that it would be unjust that the heir to an estate 161 should be living in affluence , whilst the creditors of his predecessor were left to starve ; but would it not be also an injustice if the heir to an estate were to be deprived of his birth-right through the improvidence of his predecessor , and be left in the greatest possible distress , perhaps , in some cases , whilst he was paying the debts of another person 's contracting ? If this new principle was to get footing once amongst the laws of England , almost every marriage contract in the kingdom might possibly be annulled . Allowance should be made for the necessary fictions and peculiarities which were adopted in law proceedings ; it might be reckoned absurd , for instance , that in the case of specialty or simple contract debts , the addition of a bit of wax in the one case , whilst in the other there was nothing but the name subscribed , should give the one such superiority over the other , that the one would be for the most part paid , whilst the other would , in many instances , be left unpaid . But such were the established distinctions which were sanctioned by the laws of the realm , and no evil was found to result there-from . With respect to the cases which were stated to have occurred before the masters in chancery , a bill might be brought in to remedy those particular cases without making any general alteration in the principle of our laws . This he conceived to be a most important consideration , and it brought into his mind the observation , that no country in the world was so jealous of its political liberty as this was—and yet he maintained that our political was nothing in comparison with our civil liberty . In this point of view he considered the bill as one that might be productive of the most serious consequences to the country . It might have been necessary at the time of Edward I but it was not suited to the state of England under George III . when commercial speculations had increased to an extent that our ancestors could not have thought possible ever to have been brought about . If this measure was to be now adopted , a man who was disposed to commit a fraud would only be led to vest his money in copyhold instead of freehold property ; the commercial man , if he possessed the most extensive funded property , would have only to get into that house and he might defy his creditors . At the time of the introduction of the statute of Frauds , the statute of Limitations , and at the time of the enactment of a law to regulate cases of Debtor and Creditor in our colonies , it must have come to the 162 recollection of the legislature that there was this peculiarity in the law which it was now proposed to alter ; but still it was never , at these times , thought of changing the law with respect to England ; a plantation was only considered as an instrument of commerce , whilst the