and that the course which he took of resisting them was the best means of averting that danger . This , he thought , should appear to the gentlemen themselves , from the spirit which manifested itself throughout the country ; a spirit , indeed , which could not be excited by any thing in the 474 power of an humble individual like himself to offer , and which must convince gentlemen on the other side that they had been quite mistaken as to the popular feeling : for if they had been allowed to go much further , those gentlemen must now see that they would have created considerable agitation and alarm throughout the kingdom . entered his protest against the doctrines which the house had heard from the other side , upon the question of responsibility . If , indeed , these doctrines were to obtain ; if it were allowed that the king could exercise his prerogative without an adviser in one case , so he might in another . His majesty might make his veto against an act or both houses of the legislature , and , if he could do so without a responsible adviser , then , instead of a balance of power in the constitution , all the power would be in the king ; for , combining the maxim , that `` the king can do no wrong , '' with the doctrine now attempted to be established , that the king can act without any responsible adviser , there would be an end of that controul of the executive authority which the constitution intended ; because the king could not be personally arraigned , and because any act of the executive power , shielded by the pretence set up in this instance , that such act proceeded from the individual will of the king , could not be made the subject of accusation . But he deprecated such doctrines , as subversive of the first principles of the constitution , and ridiculed the idea of setting up the old and exploded notions with regard to any invasion of the prerogative arising out of the expression of the sentiment of that house , upon any exercise whatever of that prerogative . was for the motion for passing to the order of the day . Many ministers had been dismissed from office without any cause assigned , but never until now had a minister come down to parliament to complain of his sovereign . Lord Somers was removed without the shadow of complaint . Did he come down to parliament to institute an investigation of the cause ? When the celebrated Whig administration were removed by queen Anne , did they breathe a whisper against their royal mistress in either house of parliament ? If a minister were to secure to himself the right of enquiring into the cause of his removal , he would approximate his situation to that of a judge , or any other 475 officer for life . In 1757 , the dismissal of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Legge produced a great ferment ; but was any thing said in parliament about that dismissal ? Of a change in administration , parliament had no constitutional knowledge , and on such change could found no enquiry . He thought the permission given to a noble lord to detail the transactions which had led to the dismission , unconstitutional , as it was publishing the proceedings of the privy council , which ought to be kept sacredly secret . The question therefore , in his opinion , ought never to have been agitated in the house of commons . After a few words from sir A. Pigott , a division took place , and the numbers were : For passing to the order of the day 244 Against it 198 Majority in favour of ministers 46 —Adjourned at half past six o'clock on Thursday morning . pursuant to notice , to move the Thanks of the house to brigadier-general sir S. Auchmuty , for the capture of Monte Video . On some former occasions , he said , doubts had been