was to secure popular clamour in their favour by any means . In the present situation of the country it was the duty of every member of parliament to watch the conduct of a government of this description with the utmost jealousy and distrust . After they had got into the 'elysian fields , ' as it had been called , he thought they might have abandoned such conduct . But they still per 532 sisted and were the only persons who had employed , in an open and undisguised manner , a threat of dissolution to influence a decision of the house of commons . He could not avoid saying , that considering the situation in which the country stood , it was unfortunate , indeed , that the affairs of the nation should be in such hands.—The bill was then committed , and ordered to be reported the next day . the attorney-general , took the oaths and his seat.—A new writ was ordered to be issued for the county of Louth , in the room of the right hon . John Foster , who had accepted the office of chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland.—Mr . Bankes moved , that there be laid before the house an account of the regulations established in the British Museum since February , 1805 , for the preservation of the collection , and for the more free and easy access of the public ; and also an account of the numbers admitted from the 9th of February , 1805 , to the present time , specifying the numbers in each month of that period . Ordered.—General Fitzpatrick brought up the bill for paying the pensions of half-pay officers , their widows , and persons on the compassionate list , at their .several places of residence He stated that the bill was approved of by his successor , who would follow up the arrangement . The Secretary at War said , that the object of the bill was highly proper , that he entirely approved of it , and would contribute every thing in his power to carry it into effect . The bill was then read a first time . moved the second reading of the Journeymen Calico Printers ' Bill . said , that although , on account of his ill health , he had been given leave to absent himself from his duty in parliament , yet he should feel great self-reproach , if he should allow a bill so mischievous as he conceived this to be , to pass , without giving it his decided opposition . He was himself a friend to the Journeymen Calico Printers , and he conceived that he and the other Master-Printers had done them more service than they would ever receive from the speeches of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) . The Journeymen in their first demand of limiting the number of apprentices , seemed to act upon the principle , that they were able by combination to give 533 the law to the masters . This scheme , however failed , and only occasioned the masters to bring many new hands into the trade . Then were many masters who seriously though of removing themselves and their capitals to some other country , where their property would be better protected , and their trade be more free from restriction ; for a man of property could never bear the idea of receiving the law , in every instance , from his journeymen . If it could be proved that this bill would be for the advantage of the journeymen , he should not oppose it , as he considered that the interests of the greater number should be attended to in preference to the interests of the few ; but he was convinced , that a bill like the present would be injurious to the whole trade , and consequently to the journeymen . He concluded by moving , that it be read a second time on this day three months . supported this motion . He considered that in the present state of society ,