have recollected , however , that at the death of Mr. Fox , they lost that superiority of talents which they might have boasted of during his life time . As to the present ministers , they came in without any intrigue or solicitation on their part , and if they had refused to enter into the service of his majesty , he did not exactly see where this third party were to come from , who were to form a new administration . If it was improper then to accept of offices under these circumstances , it would follow that the crow 471 was to be completely subservient to and dependent on a party in that house . opposed the motion , expressing at the same time his regret , that the late ministers should have been removed , and his entire , approbation of every part of their conduct , with the exception of that only which led to their removal : disapproving of that part , he could not consistently support a motion which implied an unqualified approval of all their measures . But he had another and a stronger objection to this motion , and that was , as he had stated on a former evening , in discussing a proposition of a similar character , that it would serve to put a negative upon the exercise of his majesty 's undoubted prerogative , in choosing his own ministers . to express his approbation of the original motion . The measures brought forward by his majesty 's late ministers , he could not but in general approve of . The act for the abolition of the slave trade , which had so lately passed , and the appointment of a committee for the reduction of 473 sinecure places and fees , were measures which would ever reflect upon them the highest honour , and be attended with the greatest advantage to the country . He could not however avoid lamenting , that they should have introduced a bill into the house , for giving an extension of power to the Roman Catholics ; no man , he trusted , was a greater friend to toleration than himself , yet he could not help disapproving of any measure which would enable Roman Catholics in this kingdom to hold the appointments of commander-in-chief , and master-general of the ordnance , as it had been usual for persons holding those situations , to have a seat in the cabinet , and the concession of such offices certainly went to a great extension of power , but did not contribute to the free exercise of religion ; but from what had lately dropped in this house , he understood the measure had been abandoned . combated the notion , that the removal of the late ministers was the effect on a long and dark intrigue . If so , he contended that the evil spirit which conducted it , must have found its way into the minds on lord Grenville and his noble colleague on the other side , and have urged them to press forward the bill which was the immediate and obvious cause of their removal . The right hon . gent . also resisted the doctrine maintained by the supporters of the motion as to the idea that those ministers who accepted office were legally responsible for the change which led to the vacancies they occupied . He put the case of ministers being dismissed even from caprice , and asked whether other men were to refuse to succeed them , and the government was to stop merely under the notion of this responsibility ? As to the notice taken of his address to his constituents , he begged it to be understood , that he did not by any means mean it as an election squib , as had been stated ; for the sentiments which it contained were those which he really held . But so far from those sentiments serving to raise any dangerous outcry , he maintained that the danger was created by the proceedings of the gentlemen on the other side ,