upon them ; for were we ourselves ( lord H. Petty , Mr. Canning ) exposed to similar impressions , which thank God we are not ! our opinions and conduct might be just like theirs . ' I do not know how others may feel on this subject , sir , but I for one desire not to put the gentlemen to this expence of reluctant liberality , to exact from them this tribute of left-handed candour . All that in our defence and justification I would ask of them is , that when they have torn out of the statute-book the acts of one hundred and fifty years , and scattered them upon the floor , they would permit us , humble gleaners , to collect and to carry home with us the fragments ; we will treasure up the preambles and provisions which they have contemptuously rejected , and those shall be our justification : for the rest , let them leave us to God and to our own consciences ; but if we ask them not to trouble themselves about our defence , let them recollect , that upon the subject of the slave trade it ill becomes a member of the parliament of Great Britain to stigmatize the instruments which that legislature has deluded into a crime ( if we are so to call it ) , of which the nation has pocketted the gains.—I am here led to advert to that compensation which is due , as I think , to those whose properties this bill 128 may injure or destroy , and for which there is , within the bill , no provision , nor has there been any thing like a distinct pledge given . On the contrary , the opportunity of discussing the justice or expediency of such a provision has not occurred , his Majesty 's ministers having declared themselves not authorised to express the royal permission for entertaining the question . I had the highest direction in this house , your own , sir , for declining , in merely asking his Majesty 's ministers for that permission , to go at length into the general argument ; and I am driven now into the necessity of urging what I have to say on the subject as an objection to this bill , which can not , as I contend , without some such qualification , be reconciled with that regard for justice and for property , which is the acknowledged attribute of a British house of commons : and here I have a right to call upon those for their support , who may be , in all other respects , friends to this bill , but who have invariably maintained that it ought to pass , accompanied with a liberal pledge of compensation to those whose property , hitherto protected by the laws , may he injured by its enactments . I have more particularly a right to expect such support from gentlemen connected with the colonies , and friends of abolition , but who must yet be well aware of the partial injuries it will inflict , and who will not , I trust , vote for this bill , since it contains no pledge of protection to those who may innocently suffer by its operation . Sir , it was objected to me , when I attempted to introduce this question to the house , that it was not the usage of parliament in similar great public regulations , to provide compensation prospectively . But there is the act of 28 Geo . III . cap . 54 , which stares us in the face , in direct contradiction to this assertion : that act relates to the regulation of the slave trade on the coast of Africa . It is not my business to make distinctions betwixt the African and West Indian slave trades , but the former is not the part of the trade for which parliament has ever expressed a predilection , and yet , in the 15th section of the act I have mentioned , there is a large and liberal