; they knew there was no danger in that measure , at the very time they were so busily employed in raising a clamour against it . I know they knew it ; for this reason , because there is hardly one of his majesty 's present ministers who has not come forward with promises to make concessions to the Roman catholics— to order . He submitted that the noble baron had transgressed the rules of order , in alluding to what was not before their lordships in any shape whatever . My lords , the bill before your lordships is a bill for providing for a supply to support the public service , and the government of this country ; and if the noble lord who calls me to order , knew properly the order of debate in parliament , he would be aware , that , upon the discussion of such a measure , every thing that has a bearing on the conduct of those who compose the king 's government , is the subject of debate , if necessary ; that a member of parliament may always bring any part of that government before the house of which he is a member , on the discussion of a question of supply . I submit to your lordships , if it be irregular in a member 525 of this house to say that any person in his majesty 's confidence circulates opinions which he knows to be untrue ? I hope the noble earl will not forget that he concurred in a measure , when he was lord lieutenant of Ireland , when the Irish . parliament was advised by him , to consider the state of the Irish catholics . The noble baron is perfectly welcome to allude to any part of my conduct , and I am ready to defend it ; but I do not see what application it has to the matter now before the house . My lords , I know the right which belongs to a member of parliament ; and nothing shall deter me from its exercise on occasions that call for it . I know that I have a right in this house to canvass the conduct of every part of the government , on a question of supply . I know I have a right to allude to the clamours which may have an effect on the public . My observations on what passed in Ireland was for the purpose of vindicating myself from the imputation of having said what I know would have been unparliamentary ; I mean alledging of a member of parliament , that he had circulated opinions which he knew were not true . That I did not say : I had said , among other things , that to agree to the amendment which has been in this bill was , in my opinion , highly impolitic ; and I then observed , that endeavours had been made to circulate unfounded clamours ; but I think it impossible for any of his majesty 's present ministers to countenance such clamours , because there is hardly one of them who has not been a party to a proposition which was made in parliament , for much greater concessions to the Roman catholics than that which was lately proposed , and upon which such endeavours have been made to excite a clamour ; to create a false and unfounded alarm of danger to the country , and especially to the established church . I say , again , that his majesty 's present ministers must be convinced of the fact , that no danger could arise to this country from the measure which was proposed in favour of the Roman catholics ; because there is hardly one of them who has not in parliament assented to a measure of much more extensive concession to the Roman catholics ; and more especially the noble earl , who has thought it proper to call me to order ; for the measure he proposed to be adopted in Ireland was much more in favour of the Roman catholics than