inconvenience that would result from commencing such an inquiry at that late hour , it was agreed , at half after two o'clock in the morning , that the subject should be resumed on Monday next . Lord Robert Seymour , from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the petition of Henry Allan , Deacon of the Fleshers of the city of Edinburgh , and one of the persons having right to vote in the election of a member for the city of Edinburgh , complaining of an undue election and return for the said city , informed the house , that the said committee had determined , that sir Patrick Murray was duly elected , and that the said petition appeared to the said committee to be frivolous and vexatious.—Lord Temple called the attention of the house to a circumstance , of which he had yesterday given notice . He was glad to see the noble lord in his place , and was sure that noble lord would satisfy the house why when he had obtained leave of absence on the plea of a sick certificate , he had been told upon the division the other morning . Lord Henniker said , that the certificate alluded to by the noble lord had obtained him exemption merely from sitting on election committees . It was a particular certificate , not a general one ; he threw himself upon the indulgence of the house . Lord Temple said , that as the explanation just made to the house must have been deemed satisfactory by the noble lord , he should persist no further in the business.—Mr . Huskisson , in a committee of supply , moved the following sums : Three millions , for paying off outstanding exchequer bills for the year 1806 ; 1,500,000l . for ditto ; 139 , 138l . loyalty loan ; 10,306l . to the Swedish convoy ; and also that provision be 490 made for clothing the English and Irish militia , and for allowances to subaltern officers in time of peace . On the house resuming , the Report was ordered to be received on Monday.—Mr . Huskisson moved , that an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that his majesty would be graciously pleased to order that the Report of the Royal College of Physicians on the progress of the Vaccine Inoculation be laid before that house . Ordered.—Mr . Bankes brought up a bill to prevent the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with benefit of survivorship , which was read a first time . moved the order of the day for the house going into a committee upon this bill , and that it be an instruction to the committee to divide it into two or more bills as they may think fit . Previous to going into the committee , however , he thought it would be proper to say a few words explanatory of his intentions in regard to the bill , he had originally had the honour to introduce , as several gentlemen were not present upon a late occasion , when he briefly stated them . In consequence of intimations he had received from different parts of the country , of the opposition it was likely to meet with in certain points , he had thought it best to propose the division of and the abandonment of some portions of it . He intended , for instance , to abandon , 1st , that part of it which gives the power of requiring a previous adjudication of settlements . 2dly , that relative to the vestries , in so far as it gave two or more votes to persons possessed of large property in the parish . 3dly , that relative to the declaration of the assessments of stock in trade and personal property . After abandoning these parts of the original bill , he should propose to divide the remainder of it into four separate bills . The first of these would relate to education only ; the second comprehend the relaxation of