the union . That such a measure was net only politic and expedient , but absolutely necessary , was the opinion , as I have already stated , of that great and illustrious statesman , Mr. Pitt ; it was also the opinion of his great and illustrious rival , Mr. Fox . These eminent statesmen concurred in opinion in three great measures of policy , the establishment of the sinking fund , the abolition of the African slave trade , and the necessity of further concessions to the catholics of Ireland . The first of these measures was adopted on its first proposition ; the second , the abolition of the African slave trade , met with much , in my opinion , mistaken opposition , but has at length been carried . The third , that of a system of conciliation and kindness to the catholics of Ireland , remains 235 yet to be carried into execution ; but it rests upon grounds of such unavoidable necessity , that I think it is impossible for any man , after weighing on the one hand the objections which have been urged against it , and on the other the advantages which must inevitably flow from it , to resist the corning to this conclusion , that it is a measure which , for the welfare of the country , ought to be speedily adopted . It was in this view that on a former occasion I sacrificed my situation in the government ; and that sacrifice I was ready to make again , being convinced that four millions of our fellow subjects in Ireland are to be governed by conciliation and kindness , and not by persecution . In consequence of circumstances which occurred in the situation of public affairs , which it is not necessary here to restate , overtures were repeatedly made to me to take a part in his majesty 's councils . My answer to all such overtures was , that my sovereign might always command my services in any frame of government which might be formed , but at the same time I always explicitly declared , that I never would forego my right to state my sentiments on this question in parliament , whenever any occasion should occur which might call for such a statement . A time arrived when the Roman catholics of Ireland thought fit to represent to parliament the state of their grievances . They did me the honour to apply to me to present their Petition . [ See vol . 4 , p . 97 . ] I felt that application , my lords , to be an honour , because it was a proof of the opinion those persons entertained of my conduct and sincerity . I complied with their wishes . But here , my lords , it is proper that I should correct a misapprehension which has very generally prevailed on this subject . It is not true , as has been frequently asserted , that the consent of the Roman catholics of Ireland to the union was purchased in consequence of any promise made to them of a measure of complete conciliation ; but it is certain , from the debates that took place on the Union , that it was understood that the catholic question should be fully considered , and on this ground I considered myself bound to bring their claims before your lordships . The result of the application which was made to parliament is well known . The majority against the measure , large as it was , could not be considered as precluding its revival at a future period , or as imposing any pledge on parliament not to accede to the catholic claims to the full extent in which they were then made , In a 236 few months after I had the honour to make the application , ,the result of which I have mentioned , the country had the misfortune to lose the great stateman who was at the head of the existing administration . His majesty was then pleased to think that , under the