in the fulfilment of his duty as a member of parliament to put a plain and simple question to the noble lord opposite ( lord Howick ) . Twelve or thirteen days ago , that noble lord introduced into the House a bill ( against which the petition that had just been presented was directed ) enabling his majesty to accept the services of all his liege subjects , of every religious persuasion , in the army and navy . About five days since the noble lord intimated that it was not his intention to carry into execution the order for the second reading of the bill , but to allow it to drop , to be afterwards disposed of as the house might think fit . The noble lord stated , that this intimation was owing to circumstances which it was not then in his power to disclose , but which at some future time he would explicitly narrate . He wished to ask , if that time had arrived ? The public mind was in a state of great anxiety . Many rumours were afloat respecting a Change in the Administration : without any wish for such a change having been expres- 173 sed by the people , or any intimation for the necessity of it having proceeded from that house ( hear ! hear ! ) . Among others , a rumour had been circulated , that his majesty 's ministers had endeavoured to press on his majesty a subject to which the honourable and conscientious mind of his majesty was averse . ( Hear ! hear ! ) Was that rumour true ? He ( Mr. D. ) had obtained leave to quit London for a fortnight . He should see many of his constituents at the assizes , and he wished to be enabled satisfactorily to answer the questions that would naturally be put to him . He thought it unnecessary to offer any excuse for this intrusion on the house , the particular circumstances in which the country was placed , he trusted , would justify him . replied nearly in the following terms : Sir , certainly no apology was necessary from the hon . gent . for the exercise of one of the first privileges of a member of parliament , that of calling upon his majesty 's ministers for explanation upon any great and important subject . In answer to the hon . gent 's . questions , I shall declare , as far as I can , consistently with my duty , what is the present state of the administration of this country , adding only , that , with regard to those circumstances which I do not at present feel at liberty to divulge , I shall rely on the candour and indulgence of the house , trusting they will believe that no man is more anxious , than myself that my conduct should stand fair with the house and with the country ; and consequently , that the time must come when my duty to the king end to the public , and every consideration of private honour will induce me to make an explicit statement of the recent occurrences . In the mean time , I shall proceed , under the restrictions which I have mentioned , to reply to the questions of the hon . gent . To one of those questions I do not feel authorised at present to give an answer : it is that one which alluded to a rumour , which , if true , would , as the hon . gent . has implied , impute culpability to his majesty 's ministers , namely , that his majesty 's ministers had endeavoured to force on the king a measure which his conscience disapproved . On this point I will only say , that it is the duty of any minister , on any subject connected with the interests of this great empire . to offer such advice to his majesty as his judgment shall dictate . More I can not now say . With regard to the other question proposed by