How this transformation in his opinion has taken place , I am at a loss to ascertain ; but if it be only founded on the allegations which he has this night advanced , I can feel no difficulty in bringing the-hon . gent . back to his former sentiments . He has told the house , that he did expect , from the late administration , on their coming into power , an immediate attention to the diffusion of education amongst the population of Ireland . He asserted , that it would be difficult for them to prove that any endeavour was made to support the condition of the people of Ireland , by an amelioration of the system of mental improvement . In answer , I call upon him to look to the statute book , to refer to that act of the legislature which constituted a commission for the express purpose of enquiring into and completely sifting the gloss misapplication of those funds , which were particularly set apart , and specifically intended , for supporting a system of national education ; an act , the framers of which , were anxious to make as comprehensive as possible , and which embraces every information , however discordant , on other questions of policy , the source from which it flowed . The commissioners appointed under that act proceeded to their enquiry ; much information has already followed , and at this moment the commission is actually sitting , How therefore will the house receive the allegations of that hon . gent . when on a subject with which it was his duty to be acquainted he is actually uninformed ? How , I ask , can the house repose confidence in the loose and undefined charges which he has this night been pleased to make , when of an act of the legislature , passed about a year ago , he is perfectly ignorant of the origin or operation ? When the late administration directed their attention to an amelioration of the system of education in Ireland , the first act , of necessity , was to enquire into the state of those funds , which had been intended for that purpose , and which were grossly misapplied . This charge of gross misapplication , I state not either without , sufficient grounds of justification , nor with any in- 457 clictation to avoid the responsibility of my statement . I speak it in the face of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) opposite . I charge him with having known and suffered those funds which were intended for the support of a system of national education , to have been grossly and unjustifiably perverted for purposes of personal aggrandisement , and for the furtherance of the most criminal views . [ Hear ! hear ! ] . The report of the commissioners proves it ; and the evils of the misapplication are lamentably felt in the decline and degradation of those establishments , for whose uses these funds were originally appropriated.—Mr . speaker , I can appreciate the nature and temporary stability of that power which can fix its basis upon religious distinction . I can clearly . ascertain the strength of that support which originates with delusion , and is propagated by bigotry ; which appeals to all the bad , the base , and malignant feelings of the human heart . In estimating , I say , the nature of political power , so influencing and so operating , I can sufficiently comprehend the transient facilities it possesses over a bold and honest policy , which , in a state where human corruption is so prevalent , manfully wages war with every thing in the shape of public abuse , and sifts the sources of national distress through all the recesses of official peculation and plunder . When funds , appropriated for public charities , were absorbed in private expenditure , when they were calculated on as parts of the family estate , and bequeathed to the descendants us a portion of the patrimonial inheritance , it became high time to meddle with them