into his councils , he must have some adviser . Unquestionably his majesty might call any man in the kingdom to his councils , or he might make a confident adviser of a man whom the house had declared they had no confidence in , or even a man whom this house had declared to have been guilty of a gross violation of the law . [ Hear ! hear ! ] His majesty might call into his councils such a man , and the law said , that the king can do no wrong ; but those who advised the king to take such a step were responsible to this house and to the country . His majesty might call in to be his adviser a person against whom certain Resolutions had been entered on the Journals of that house—a person who had been brought to trial ; who had been acquitted indeed , but so acquitted , that not any of his numerous and powerful friends had ever yet attempted to offer to this house a motion to rescind those resolutions from the journals . His majesty might call to his councils such a man , who had indeed been acquitted by a majority of his peers ; but who could not return to that house without looking at the countenances of those who sat near and opposite to him ; and , from the association of ideas , read in those countenances the words they ( and there were 52 of them ) had uttered of him , `` guilty upon my honour . '' to order . He conceived the hon . and learned gent . was making an allusion equally personal with that made before by the learned doctor , and that he ought to name the name to which he had alluded . conceived , that by an analogical deduction from the decision of the chair , in the case of the learned doctor , the hon and learned gent . was perfectly justified in the allusion he had made . proceeded . He observed that , by the constitution of the country , the choice of his ministers was undoubtedly vested in the king . He might call to his councils whom he pleased , but that act must be done by advice , and the adviser must be responsible . If it was allowable for ministers to exclude themselves from giving advice on any one subject , they might extend the same exclusion to others . They might bind themselves not to give advice as to the policy of peace or war , on commerce or finance till they left themselves no duty to exercise . It was , however , of the greatest importance to his majesty that the doctrine of responsible advisers should be strictly maintained . History had unfolded the evils of 330 a contrary principle having prevailed . No man entertained a more sincere veneration for the throne than he did , and he only wished to support those principles upon which its true security rested . The hon . gent . who moved the previous question , was of opinion that the present ministers had entered into no pledge not to give his majesty advice on the subject of the Catholics . Now , as the late ministers were dismissed because they refused this pledge , the present ministers were placed in this dilemma , either the pledge was implied , or they had deceived his majesty , for it was not pretended that his majesty had any objection to his late ministers , except the difference of opinion which occurred on this subject . If the former opinions of the present ministers were referred to , it would be found that some of them had resigned because measures similar to the bill which had been withdrawn could not be carried . He deprecated the exciting of religious animosities in the country . He had seen , with regret , a declaration of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) in a country paper , which he thought had that tendency . He pronounced an