evidence to be offered before the committee , which was to try his right to his seat . Was there any proof that Mr. Sheridan had taken any pains to get Mr. Drake out of the way , who was the principal witness to prove these charges ? The noble lord said , Mr. Sheridan had strove to get the letter from Harris . Was there any proof of that ? And if there was any proof that any person whomsoever in Mr. Sheridan 's interest did in any one instance utter a word like tampering ( as he believed there was not ) , what proof was there that such person was Mr. Sheridan 's agent any more than Mr. Paull 's . If it was proved that some of the allegations of the petition were absolutely false , and there was no proof that the others were true , was it not to be naturally concluded that the whole were false ? In answer to the first question asked him at the bar of the house , who he was , Drake answered he was an acting lieutenant of the navy . That was proved by the Returns of the Navy Office to be false . He said , he lost his leg in the battle of Camperdown ; it was proved he lost it long after that battle , in consequence of a fall from the mast , which rendered amputation necessary . He said he had ten or twelve different pensions from the king , in consequence of wounds he had received . It was proved he had only one pension from the Chest at Greenwich . Let the noble lord , if he could , make out a consistent evidence for this man , after these falsehoods . The noble lord wished to 157 give up Weatherhead . But as the petitioner had called him , and the petitioner 's counsel had dwelt on his deposition in his summing up , he must make use of him . Drake said , he was directed by Mr. Sheridan , to get the letter from Harris . He said that the first letter preceded the second only two or three days . Harris said , it had been in his possession a full month before the 2d . and long before the dissolution of parliament . Then the noble lord contended , that if the first letter had been a forgery , Drake would naturally have endeavoured to conceal every thing respecting it . But the noble lord forgot that Drake told the house he had burned it , and consequently that he could not incur any penalty from it . He would not allow the noble lord to exclude Weatherhead 's evidence , however convenient it might be for his case . Drake said , he had written all the letter , with the letters M. P. to which Mr. Sheridan prefixed his name . Weatherhead said , Mr. Sheridan wrote M. P. as well as his name . Drake said Mr. Sheridan signed the letter in the Shakespeare Coffee-house , just as he was going out to the election , and that there was an immense crowd before the door . Harris proved he had the letter a month before the election , when the Shakespeare Coffee-house was not open . If the noble lord had examined these matters , and judged of them as he did , he would not have attempted to uphold a testimony so invalidated . With regard to the second letter , Drake said first , that he was present when it was signed ; and afterwards , that it was written not in his presence but in an adjoining room . Weatherhead said he wrote it , but that Harris objected to the M. P. there being then no parliament , and wished the addition of Treasurer of the Navy , and Mr. Sheridan 's residence . He says he wrote those additions all in one line , and that Mr. Sheridan prefixed his name on that line . But he had seen the letter here alluded to ,