, for fear they should interfere with the old practitioners . As to the wages given he thought that that , as well as the price of the article , would of themselves find their level . He therefore was decidedly in opposition to the bill . defended the bill . He said it would have been well if his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. H.Erskine ) had con- 535 descended to read the report of the commitee upon which this bill was founded , before he exercised so much of his ingenuity in condemning it . If he had read that report , he would have found , that , so far from being a measure for the encouragement of combinations amongst the journeymen calico-printers , it was one for the relief and protection of the industrious and oppressed . His hon . and learned friend had declared , that , whatever was the , nature of the disorder complained of , he would not give this bill as a cure , because he considered it absolute poison . But he ( Mr. S. ) believed it was the practice of all regular bred physicians to consult a. little the nature of the disorder , before they rejected one remedy to prescribe another ; and , in this case , he certainly felt that he had the advantage of his hon . and learned friend . He intreated , however , that the house , before it should reject the present bill , would first condescend to read the report of its committee , which it was always customary for the house to respect , and not to libel or stultify that report , without ever once reading or considering the evidence upon which it was founded . Before the house consented to reject this bill , he begged they would consider , that the necessary consequence must be inconsistency with their own justice , to repeal the act of the 5th of Elizabeth , by which every other trade in the kingdom , except that of the calico-printers was regulated , and protected . But before that house would agree to such a repeal , he was sure they would pause very deliberately , and consult their own reflections upon the necessary consequences to the manufactures of the country . What was the case of the complainants in this instance ? For a series of successive years had they been mendicant suppliants at the bar of that house , offering petition after petition , praying relief but in vain . The moment , however , they found their petition entertained , and felt any ground of hope that their grievances would be fairly considered , all combination ceased and their reliance for redress was entirely founded upon the justice and liberality of parliament . What was their complaint ? Why , that after having served seven years to a business confessedly injurious to their health , and which rendered them unfit for any other occupation , they were to be turned loose upon the world , supplanted in their employments by whole legions of apprentices , at 12 or 14 years of age , for the wages of 4s. , 6s. , or 8s . per week , instead of 25s. , the usual average of the journeyman , by 536 whose previous skill and ingenuity the operations of the manufacture were so amplified that children could do the work as well as , journeymen . And what was the alternative proposed to those unfortunate men ? To be satisfied with the average wages of 9s . per week , usually paid to common daily labourers throughout their districts , or left to become soldiers or sailors , occupations for which their state of body , after devoting 7 years to an unwholesome business , rendered them totally unfit . Would the house consent to a proposition so monstrous , as that those young men , after having devoted 7 years to learn a trade , to the ruin of their health , by which their industry had , so eminently contributed to the wealth of