great part of the means for their own maintenance . All British shipping , employed coast-ways , or sailing outward from the several ports in each district , might be obliged to take four , five , or more of those boys , at a proper age , and initiate them in naval service . At all events , they might be maintained and educated at one halt the expence of £14 , now the usual average expence of each boy at charity schools . Eighty thousand boys might be thus kept in the continual progress of useful instruction , and acquire the opportunity of gaining a livelihood by maritime pursuits , affording thus an inexhaustible source of supply to the British navy . Nor was there ever a time when such a resource was more necessary than the present to the public security . But to prove the truth of the adage , that `` there was nothing new under the sun , '' after he had for years considered this plan , he accidentally met with a tract , printed some years before , which exactly proposed the plan he had been considering as originally his own , and of the utility and importance of which he felt the fullest conviction . observed , that as the hon . gent . had thought fit to divide his original bill into four bills , this shewed that he had not at first fully considered the subject of the poor laws in all its bearings ; he could therefore wish that the subject should be deferred to another session , when the bill might be introduced de novo , with the benefit of all the improvements which might in the meanwhile be suggested . As far as the principle of the bill went to increase the comforts of the poor , he sincerely wished that object might be obtained ; but it behoved parliament to endeavour to give the poor virtue and morals , as well as instruction ; and he also wished , that some general principle should be adopted , that rewards as well as punishments might follow ; nor did he approve of taxing parishes , in addition to the heavy poor 's rates , for the education of their children . supported the bill , and instanced the happy effects of parochial education upon the population of Scotland . thought the improvement of the lower classes an object highly desirable as nothing could be more disgraceful than to leave them in a state of ignorance . The only distinction between this country and a savage nation arose out of knowledge , and of course the diffusion of that blessing must operate to advance our superiority . He contended that the alleviation of the poor s-rates must follow as a natural consequence of the measure before the house . For the uneducated man , having nothing but his bodily strength to depend upon , became of necessity a burthen upon the parish when that strength was gone ; whereas the man of education , in consequence of the wider range which his mind naturally took , could find other resources to maintain himself when he could derive no support from his mere animal powers . Thus he conceived that education must tend to diminish the amount of the poor's-rate . In support of this opinion , the hon . member quoted the good effects of national education in Scotland which had progressively improved for a series of years , and in which , before the system proposed by this bill was introduced , these were no less than 200,000 beggars , who not only formed a burthen upon the public , but a most mischievous example with regard to morality , industry and law . But the most important end of national education , the hon . member conceived to be that which appeared in a Letter from Mr. Malthus to the hon mover of the bill , namely , as the learned writer stated , that `` as the first object was to elevate the general character of the poor , this or any measure which