majesty 's ministers to be tempted by such means to accept offices , which were generally objects of honourable ambition ? He did not mean to confine his motion to the particular case , but rested it upon general principles , to extend to all such offices pending the existence of that committee , from whose labours he was convinced the house and the public service would derive so much benefit . His motion would not , at all events , be liable to the objection made to a resolution moved the preceding day by the chairman of the committee , and recommended by the committee , that it was an innovation , because in the course Of 147 years , there appeared but two instances in which the place had been granted for life . An address had also been voted of a similar nature on a former occasion , with which his majesty had complied , and had been graciously pleased to reply that he would not grant the office for life , and he had never since so granted it . It might be said , that he had taken the house by surprize . It ill became him to speak of himself , but every man who knew him , must know that he was incapable of taking the house by surprise . The motion had arisen out Of the discussion the preceding day , and the delay of a few hours might have rendered it nugatory . It might also be asked , why he had not brought forward the motion under the late administration ? To this he should answer , that they 197 were incapable of any such proceeding , because they had shewn no disposition to grasp at every thing they could secure , because they had shewn the disinterested principles upon which they acted , by abstaining from granting any places in reversion . The hon . and learned gent . concluded by moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased not to grant the office of chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster , or any other office not usually granted for life , for any other term than during pleasure . '' rose to second the motion , to which he gave his full and cordial approbation . The motion for the address to his majesty was recommended to the house by every principle of reason , and all the authority of precedent . The precedents shewed incontestibly that the motion would not interfere with the royal prerogative , and the reason of the thing was so obvious , as not to require illustration . Every grant of a place for life had a direct tendency to impair the dignity of the crown . Any other measure might be condemned upon certain particular grounds , but this was a proceeding which was to be resisted upon every consideration of reason , policy , and interest . The practice , if permitted , would impair the dignity and means of the crown . It would abridge the exercise of the power of punishing weak , wicked , or corrupt ministers , by depriving them of their offices , and take away from the crown the power of bestowing those offices on wise and virtuous ministers ; it would remove all locus penitentiœ from the sovereign , by tying up his hands with respect to offices which he might once have conferred on unworthy objects , and be an injury to the rights and interests of the people . Unavailing would be the complaint of the people under their sufferings ; it would not be in the power of the crown to revoke such grants , after they had been once made . Grants of this description appeared to him unconstitutional under all circumstances . They had the effect , of raising up a race of men to live upon the wealth of the public , and to make them alike independent of the sovereign , who might promote them , and of the people , by whom the means were