it up . He would exclaim with the Poet , in the words of the motto of the pamphlet which he had mentioned , `` I would not have a slave to till my ground , `` To carry me , to fan me when I sleep , And tremble when I wake , for all the wealth That sinews bought and sold have ever earn 'd . '' in explanation , denied ever having disavowed his wish that freedom should ultimately be communicated to the slaves . He had deprecated the discussion at present , because he looked to the gradual improvement of their minds , and to the diffusion among them of those domestic charities which would render them more fit , than he feared they now were , to bear emancipation . however strongly he had advocated the abolition , was against immediate emancipation . The abolition would ameliorate the condition of the slaves , by forcing the West India planters to treat them well , and they would ultimately be prepared to receive freedom . He hoped the noble lord would withdraw his motion , that he would turn his mind to the object with deliberation , and look at it remotely . moved that the house be counted . Only 35 members being present , the House immediately adjourned . lord Howick , and several members of the house of commons , brought up the Slave Trade Abolition bill , agreed to with amendments . called the attention of the house to this subject , which he considered one of the most important that could occupy the attention of their lordships . With respect to the amendments made in this bill , he was satisfied they were calculated to carry its principles better into effect . It was , however , necessary , that time should be given for consideration , and he therefore moved that the bill , with the amend 147 ments , be printed . Ordered . His lordship then stated , that if the prints should be on the table before Monday , he should move the consideration of the amendments on that day . said , that in consequence of what had passed in the late discussion of this measure , and of the consideration which he had since been enabled to give to the subject , he thought it would be more advisable to empower the committee to separate all that part of the bill which related to trial by jury , from the other parts which related to the division of the court of session into three chambers , and the formation of a court of review . He thought this mode would be better than that of which notice had been given on the former night of discussion by a noble and learned lord , namely , to strike out in the committee all the clauses which related to trial by jury , as , if this latter mode was adopted , it might lead to a supposition that it was intended to abandon altogether the proposed introduction of trial by jury . On the contrary , he hoped that that part of the plan would ultimately be adopted by their lordships . As , however , there was considerable difference with respect to the means of carrying this desirable object into effect , and as , with respect to the division of the court of session into three chambers , there was scarcely any difference of opinion , and but little on the subject of the formation of the court of review , these parts of the plan might be adopted with much less delay , if considered in a separate bill , than if they remained incorporated with the clauses relating to trial by jury . He should therefore move to postpone the committee to Monday , intending , on that day , to move the instruction which he had before stated , and in the consideration of that part of the subject respecting the division of the court of session and the court of review , it was his intention to propose several amendments