be applied with practical benefit to societies that have long existed under established laws . But we are not now in the case of debating whether our colonies shall or shall not be cultivated by slaves from Africa ; they are and ever have been so cultivated ; and we know at least that their prosperity has been hitherto dependant upon occasional supplies of the same description of imported population . All the rest is experiment merely , and theory , contradicted too by all that we know from fact and experience . When I before took occasion to observe the inconvenience of adopting in politics a rule so rigid that we would profit by nothing in this world that was connected with vice and abuse , the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) told me , that `` this was ever our way ; we wanted to let the Slave Trade pair off with some other tolerated crime . '' Sir , I do not find myself reduced to the miserable expedient of defending one abuse by another . I shewed how inapplicable these strict drawn rules must prove to the state of the world we live in , and that , if we would be rigidly bound by such principles , we must have neither lotteries nor alehouses ; but I did not say that , consistently with the present condition and circumstances of this country , it was expedient that we should abolish either lotteries or alehouses : why then does the hon . gent . taunt me with the charge that I have not attempted to check those evils ? 121 Why am I to be summoned to put on the armour of chivalry , and to mount my Rosinante in the hon . gent 's suite ? Sir , if I should ever sally out upon such adventures , and , stepping beyond the little circle of public or private life , wherein I may have it in my power to he useful , should undertake the reform of the world , I will not forget what is and has been the average state of human life : nor will I attempt to carry legislation beyond its fair and reasonable province.—And now , sir , I Will look towards the West Indies ; and here the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , attempts to pin me down to the statement of progressive population which I have found produced by himself and his friends , and which , believing it to be tolerably exact , I have contended did , when connected with the very moderate supply the islands would need , were they left unthreatened by this measure , prove , that the humane purposes of the Abolitionists were already attained , or in a fair way to be attained , without any violent proceeding . Oh ! says the hon . gent. , if you admit that , then without any importation , the increase by breeding will soon answer every purpose , except that of extending cultivation , and that is what we can not encourage . Sir , I believe that the treatment of slaves has been improved by experience and mitigated by civilization ; and admit , therefore , that the maintenance of the numbers by breeding may have been progressive to a certain degree ; but this goes a very little way towards proving the policy of condemning our colonies to remain for ever without the possibility of an imported supply of population ; for after this bill is passed , there is no remedy for any of those various events which are within the compass of possibility , and which may suddenly diminish their population . I have a right to say , that there is not any one in this house , who can at this time conjecture what and how many are the accidents which , in spite of humanity and vigilance , may contribute to the decrease of the negroes in our West India colonies , while , within a few leagues of them , a rival colony shall be flourishing