if the witness was not actually present to see him put his name to it , but if he received it back with a signature purporting to be Mr. Sheridan himself , that is not sufficient to fix the right hon . gent . with the act itself , more especially when it is also fixed by the witness , which it is in both instances , to be the signature of Mr. Sheridan himself—Mr . Weatherhead was interrogated about the letters ; he saw , I believe , both the letters : he spoke of the signature of one having seen it wet , and he judged it to be the signature of Mr. Sheridan . He was particularly interrogated whether he had ever said any thing as to its 35 being a forgery ; he said no : and that the reason that one was substituted for another was , that the first had received a blot from being folded , and that it had M. P. ; the putting M. P. being improper when the parliament was not assembled , and that the man was desirous of having a letter with a fairer signature , and also having the words `` Treasurer of the Navy , '' which were actually put to the second letter to give more authenticity to it.—This is the account of these two witnesses , on the subject of this letter ; in addition to which , Mr. Weatherhead has proved , what it did seem to me if Mr. Weatherhead is entitled to credit.—I state this with all the humility which belongs to me ; leaving it entirely to the judgment of the house to pronounce on the credit of the witnesses . I can only judge of the testimony before me , and it is my duty to state that testimony to the house . I say again , if Mr. Weatherhead is entitled to credit his testimony alone goes a considerable way towards substantiating the charge before you ; for it is positively proved , that he actually saw on the 19th of Feb. at the house of Mr. Sheridan , Drake the witness , and Mr. Sheridan sitting close together , and as he describes it `` elbowing each other close together in the act of private conversation in a low tone of voice not to be overheard by any body else . '' He says that that continued for some period of time in the room . Did that conversation pass , or did it not ? —Weatherhead declares it did—if it did , how could that conversation be passing , circumstanced as Drake then was , when he had in the early part of the month , or even perhaps in the latter end of Jan. , but certainly in the early part of Feb. , not only been actually served with a speaker 's warrant to attend as a witness , but on the 10th of that month of Feb. , actually communicated to Mr. Sheridan himself , that he was under summons to attend at the hearing of the petition on the part of Mr. Paull , when Mr. Sheridan had said to him , `` leave that to me . '' Nine days afterwards , within 5 days of the hearing of the petition , which was to be heard on the 24th , Mr. Sheridan is seen at his own house in close conversation with Mr. Drake , sitting close together , and in some conversation which was not to be heard by any body else . if that fact be true , does it not confirm the testimony of the other witness ; and is it consistent with any possible account of the denial of all intimacy or acquaintance with that witness , circumstanced as that witness was , which 36 excluded , as it seemed to me , every possibility of conversation which could not be distinctly heard which had not reference to the subject ? —But , sir , it does not rest there . This witness positively states the actually seeing the letters delivered into the hands of Mr.