eloquent panegyric on the virtues of his right hon . friend whose worth and sincerity he well knew ; but he begged him to consider what dreadful consequences might result if he should unfortunately succeed in reviving religious animosities in the present period . regretted much that a question should be introduced to the consideration of that house which necessarily brought into discussion the personal conduct of the sovereign . The proposition stated by the learned gent . who had just sat down , that there was no act of the crown without responsibility , was no doubt correct , generally speaking , but yet there were some exceptions to that proposition , and among the first that must be admitted , where his majesty had no advisers . Such was the case when he had removed his ministers ; and unless the exception to responsibility be allowed in that case , the king 's prerogative of choosing his own ministers must be nugatory . Now , as such changes were liable often to occur , he could not but deprecate the idea of making his majesty 's motives of action in those instances a matter for investigation in that house , and still more did he deprecate the public statement of his majesty 's private confidential communications with his ministers , particularly as individuals . It was monstrous , then , to say that his majesty could not in any case act without advice , for in cases of this nature where he differed from his ministers , he had no advisers , and re- 331 sponsibility could not be said to attach to any one . When his majesty demanded the pledge referred to , and which pledge no minister ought to subscribe , he did not differ from his ministers , and it did not appear that he had any advisers , nor did it follow of necessity that he had . He repeated his regret that a question of this nature should be submitted to the house , because it inevitably involved the discussion of the conduct of the king , whose name could not , consistently with the practice of the house , be introduced on any such occasion . This was the first instance he had ever heard of , in which the personal conduct of the sovereign was so exposed to discussion in that house . But it was stated , that the proposition before the house was a truism . He would admit that , as every man must ; but , then , could gentlemen suppose that such general admission exempted them from shewing , that there was any necessity for that house publicly to resolve in support of that truism ? There were in this case two questions to be considered ; first , whether there was any need for adopting this truism , and secondly , what consequences were likely to follow from its adoption ? As to the first , the necessity stated was the personal conduct of the sovereign , and upon such a ground he could not assent to the motion . Although the right of the noble lord to explain his conduct in the transaction which led to this motion might be admitted , still , the propriety of making that explanation the ground of a parliamentary proceeding might be consistently denied . For himself , however , he could not but say , that he regretted the explanation had taken place , and the reasons which produced this regret , urged him also to deprecate the publication of several private documents , which ought never to have been brought before that house or the country . They were , indeed , such documents , and the paper read by the right hon . chancellor of the exchequer , was of that description , for the production of which the house could not consistently address his majesty . It would be indecent to demand a communication of such papers from the king , as had been on this occasion most improperly laid before the public . But , to revert to the question of responsibility