when the king was left without a ministry , and the country without a government , we have not hesitated to obey the call made upon us , we were not , however , so rash , so presumptuous , or so blind , in the pursuit of objects of ambition , to the real dangers and difficulties of the times , as to labour and intrigue for so perilous a succession . For myself , I confidently aver , that on the first intimation which I received , from authority which I believed to be unquestionable , of the strong difference of opinion subsisting between the king and his ministers , I took the determination of communicating what I had learnt , and I did communicate it without delay , to that part of the late administration , with which , in spite of political differences , I had continued , and with which ( so far as my own feelings are concerned ) I still wish to continue , in habits of personal friendship and regard . I communicated it for the express purpose , and with the most earnest advice and exhortation , that they should lose no time in coming to such an explanation and accommodation on the subject as should prevent matters from going to extremities . And it has been no small satisfaction to me 345 to find , in the correspondence which I have since had an opportunity of reading , that as the first attempts at explanation , on the part of ministers , appear to have been made on the day subsequent to my making this communication , my intention to do good , though not ultimately successful , was at least not wholly without effect . Precisely of the same sort was the conduct of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) towards that part of the government with whom he had opportunity of communication . With respect to the noble duke at the head of the administration , I can state with full confidence , that the first intercourse which he had with his . majesty on this occasion , was taken advantage of on his part , not for the purpose of inflaming differences , and incurring or precipitating a change , but of advising and anxiously recommending a full and amicable , and , if possible , a satisfactory explanation.—I venture , then , fearlessly to appeal to the house , whether we can be justly charged with having taken any undue advantage of the circumstances which led to the late change . Our only crime in this respect is , that when the difference between his majesty and his late servants became irreconcileable , and when it was obvious that the administration must go out , we would not consent to join with them in pushing our sovereign to the wall , by reducing him to the alternative of taking them back upon their own terms , to be at their mercy , or of leaving the country without a government.—But , sir , when I contend that we are not responsible , and can not , in common sense , be held to be so , for acts which were done many weeks before our coming into office , let it not be supposed , however , that I should feel any reluctance to take my full share of responsibility for that part of the king 's conduct which is connected with the correspondence between his majesty and his ministers . Far from it . I should indeed be proud to be associated , in any degree , to his majesty 's share of that correspondence . And painful as the whole of this discussion has been , painful as it must be to every man who values not the forms only , but the essence of our constitution , to see the king brought here , as it were in person , to be judged at the bar of this house , it is some consolation to reflect , that from the bar of the house of commons there still lies an