propositions might be considered incontrovertible , except when they were applied to new cases ; and surely no case could be more new , than that an administration should lend its weight in parliament to measures which had not only not received the concurrence of the king , but to which his majesty had expressed an absolute repugnance . He 302 would suppose a plain and possible case he would suppose that , many years ago , some hon . gent . had moved an abstract resolution , that in any way to restrain the commerce of his majesty 's subjects would be injurious to the country , and that it was the duty of parliament to prevent such an attempt . Such a proposition would have been good abstractedly considered , and yet had not the legislature recently restrained and abolished one of the most important branches of commerce ? No abstract proposition was more true , than that it was highly criminal in subjects to take up arms against the sovereign . But suppose that another king James the Second were to arise , would they not be justified in doing so ? Any unconstitutional measure of the king to restore popery , would justify what would otherwise be unjustifiable . Supposing that the king might have ministers , who , by advising that papists , acknowledging the power of a foreign potentate , should be admitted to the highest offices of the state , should tacitly declare the immediate ancestors of the king usurpers ; surely in that case his majesty would be perfectly right in requiring from such ministers a promise that such advice should not be repeated . declared that , in his opinion , the question was simply whether or not we were any longer to adhere to the British constitution . Under all the circumstances of the case , he thought that his majesty 's ministers had acted discreetly in withdrawing the Roman Catholic bill ; but he must at the same time say , that in abandoning the bill , they had paid all the deference that was due to the scruples of an august personage , to whose feelings the bill was repugnant . Had they proceeded one step further , had they signed any pledge for their future conduct , had they ceased for one moment to be the unfettered advisers of their sovereign in the present state of the British empire , they would have been lost beyond all hope of redemption to all sense of decency and shame , and have acted in the most unconstitutional and unjustifiable manner . The responsibility of ministers was the security of the privileges of this country , and distinguished it from every other . If those ministers were no longer free agents , where was this responsibility to be found ? If they tied themselves down to give that advice to the crown which should be only palateable to it , in what a state of danger might the country be speedily placed ! He was astonished , he was terrified at the language of the present 303 day upon this subject . Such was not the language which prevailed at the time of our great deliverer , when the great councils of the nation recommended to him to dismiss his Dutch guards , and when a refusal on his part might have reproduced those scenes which had once deluged the country with blood . The responsibility of ministers was one of the best safeguards of the constitution ; and , at once destroyed , though the mace might lie on the table , still the essence of the constitution could not be said to be preserved ; if the great land-marks were once gone , we should in vain look for the constitution . It was impossible to recollect the conduct of the august personage alluded to , without sentiments of gratitude and veneration ; but on a question so vitally important as the present , he would not compliment away the constitution ; he would not surrender that glorious inheritance which had been left to us by our ancestors