. If we would do well , we should keep in mind that there is but one enemy , which is the French ; and that our best defence against that enemy was our own unanimity . He well knew that the Catholics of Ireland did not dislike the Protestant people of England ; and he hoped the English people would not insult the religion of the Irish Catholics . He admired the ministry for the mildness of the conduct they had pursued in consequence of the insurrections which had occurred in the West of Ireland . It had been productive of the happiest effects , by putting a speedy end to them , without applying to the military for their assistance . He had before admired lord Hardwicke for a similar proceeding , who , instead of letting slip the dogs of war , had sent forth the judges into the different disturbed counties ; and put an end to the disturbance by the fair , impartial , and equal hand of the law . If he were to say how he thought Ireland ought to be treated , he would advise that the utmost leniency should be observed . He would make tolerance the rule and guide of his conduct : he would tell the Irish Catholics , what he hoped the vote of that 324 night would assure them of , that they had not only a root in England , but a root also in that house ; and by those means , he had no doubt , that whatever might be the event of the question , the two nations would be united as one , and the integrity of the empire established . began by stating that it had been said by several honourable gentlemen on different occasions , that the greater part of the army and navy of this country consisted of Irish Catholics . He denied such to be the fact ; and insisted that those Irishmen who were in our army and navy , were mostly Protestants . It had also been said , that there were 4 millions of Catholics in Ireland ; but this statement was equally fallacious with the other : for the whole population of that country amounted to only three millions and a half . The Protestants were in proportion to the Catholics , as two to three in number ; and in property , to fifty to one . The house had been told , that the Roman Catholics would be satisfied if it gave them the advantages of serving in the army and navy , as intended by the late bill . He would tell the house when the Roman Catholics would be satisfied : if Ireland were given up to them , and they were suffered to plunder and destroy all the property in it , they might then perhaps be content . They had at all times , and on every occasion , evinced a marked inveteracy against the Protestants ; and in the insurrection of 1798 , they had , at the very outset of the business , so prepared their schemes , that they actually destroyed 5000 Protestants in cold blood , in the course of a short time . They had burnt 180 in one barn , and committed every act of cruelty that could well be imagined . Many of them had been confined in prisons for a length of time ; and after being liberated , had been found to be the most active abettors and supporters of the very next disturbances that had happened . According to the late minister 's late bill , these men might be commanders-in-chief of the army , and admirals of the fleets of this country , whose daggers were yet red with the blood of their Protestant brethren . It was impossible to admit Roman Catholics to any portion of civil power ; for they had a temporal power mixed with their civil and ecclesiastical establishment , which they lodged in the hands and supremacy of a foreign power , who was at this time under the rule and direction