of that court , namely , the lord president , the lord justice clerk , lords Glenlee , Cullen , and Newton entered the house , and took their seats in chairs provided for them in a space inclosed without the bar . then addressed their lordships on the important subject under consideration , the end and object of which was a considerable improvement in the administration of civil justice in Scotland . His lordship took a review of the proceedings which had taken place in the present and in the last session , in reference to the bill now pending before their lordships , and noticed the general admission that evils did exist in some parts of the administration of the Scots laws , which were even felt to affect that house in its appellant jurisdiction , and for all which a speedy and efficacious remedy was declared to be necessary . For these objects , he held the bill brought in by his 516 noble friend to be highly beneficial . He argued forcibly for the introduction of Trial by Jury as recognised by that bill ; and which , with such an arrangement of the business as would separate the law from the facts , would in the Scots courts constitute a great part of that remedy . He likewise argued in support of various other parts of the bill , and the superior advantages of a division of the court of session into three chambers , instead of two , as proposed by the other bill of which the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) had given notice . A division of the court into two would be a good thing , he said , as far as it went ; but it would not operate as a remedy to the evils complained of ; no more than if , should he have sent for a surgeon to perform an operation on him , that surgeon , instead of the faithful discharge of professional duty , should make him a present of a horse or a carriage , or set him down in his will : these would all be very good things , and argue a very friendly disposition in his surgeon , but would be no remedy whatever for his complaint . He also argued , that the court of review , as originally proposed , was not contrary to the spirit of the Scots union ; and that some establishment of the kind was essentially necessary to diminish the number of appeals . In the course of his speech the noble lord adverted to eighteen or nineteen questions , which he read , and which he proposed should be put to the learned judges then before the bar , for their opinions upon the same . The first question , which was afterwards read from the Wool-sack and the question distinctly put upon it , was to the following effect : `` Whether , in the action for the recovery of personal property , or for the vindication of private wrong , especially where parole proof was necessary , the expenses of the proceedings , according to the present mode and practice of the court of session , did not , in very many cases , greatly exceed the value of the thing at issue , independent of delay and other inconveniences ? '' The leading propositions in the subsequent questions were— , `` To learn what degree of power the Scots courts now possessed within themselves , to reform the inconveniences and evils complained of . 2 , Respecting the preferable division of the court of session into two or into three chambers , with a view to the more efficacious remedy of the evils complained of . 3 , Respecting the effects of the introduction of Trial by Jury into civil causes ; and of enabling the court to separate the consideration 517 of law from that of fact . 4 , Respecting the diminution of the number of appeals to the house of lords , which may be naturally expected from the establishment of a court of review ; and whether