turned the balance of her trade with all the world to a favourable results . Of 80 millions 91 of livres , the value of her export to the Baltic , 55 millions was in colonial produce ; and of 424 millions of livres , the value of her exports to all Europe , the Levant , and continental America , 152 millions was in colonial produce . These particulars are sufficient to shew the grounds on which that axiom in French policy had been built , that her maritime and commercial prosperity were chiefly dependant on her West India colonies.—He had heard and read some general objections to our colonial establishments , which he would very briefly notice . They had been said to occasion or to promote Wars . This he thought was a most unfounded objection ; and he could not trace any thing in history to confirm it . The colonies had often been the victims , never the cause of wars ; they became objects of cupidity to belligerent powers , but that only proved their general value and estimation . The epidemics which had of late proved fatal to Europeans in those climates , had also been alledged . He remembered when the West India climate was considered as healthy as any other in the same latitude . He believed that the existing fever was an imported malady ; and there was a prevailing opinion , that another evil to which those climates were subject , a visitation of which they had not , however , lately experienced , that of a violent commotion of the elements , might , by its occasional recurrence , render the air purer and more healthful . The capital embarked in these establishments had been stated to be improvidently withdrawn from other safer and more profitable adventures ; but it was very little known or considered that not only the amount of the capital now embarked in the colonies , but also a large balance of profit , had been accumulated in the different branches of that commerce , and was the gain of the mother country resulting from her long account with those establishments . Unquestionably , of the money now lent to the colonies , a considerable part might have been spared from other pursuits : but there had also been , on the other hand , large sums from time to time withdrawn from colonial commerce , and embarked in the agricultural and funded securities of the mother country : and upon the whole he was persuaded , from an attentive and long experience in the trade , that the balance resulting from the connection was very greatly in favour of the mother country . It was to be noticed , that the planting business was not the only profit of the colonists ; that there were merchants and others resident in 92 the islands concerned in foreign traffic , or in serving and supplying the plantations , who grew rich by their commerce , and who had not yet been deterred from embarking their accumulations in the agricultural adventures of that country which had enriched them . If , then , for many years past , the successive administrations of this country had appeared to regard with coolness and indifference the colonies , and to adopt measures which rather indicated a jealousy of , than a wish to promote their welfare ; if , in the publications of the present day , coming from respectable quarters , there appeared an anxiety to diminish their importance in the public estimation , to what were such sentiments to be imputed ? Was it because these establishments were so intimately connected with us , that , whether the colonists themselves grew rich or not , the whole produce of their labours was sure to be ours ? Was it because they were so securely our own and out of the reach of our inveterate enemy , that they were the objects of his envy , precisely in the proportion in which they were not the victims of his .power ? —that they did not require bullion from