the office of Chancellor of his Majesty 's Exchequer , and Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall during pleasure ; for Buckingham , in the room of the Marquis of Titchfield , who had ac 261 cepted the office of one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer of England ; for Haslemere , in the room of the right hon . Charles Long , who had accepted the office of one of the joint paymasters of his majesty 's forces ; for Beeralston , in the room of the right hon lord Louvaine , who had accepted the office of one of the commissioners for the affairs of India , with a salary ; for the county of Edinburgh , in the room of the right hon . R. Dundas , who had accepted the office of president of the board of commissioners for the affairs of India ; for Monmouth , in the room of the right hon . lord Charles Somerset , who had accepted the office of one of the joint paymasters of his majesty 's forces . moved that the house at its rising do adjourn to Wednesday sen'night . Upon which , and spoke as follows : Sir , upon the motion which has just been made by the hon . gent . for an adjournment during the period which is usually allowed for a recess , at this season of the year , I trust it will not be thought irrelevant to the subject , if I take this opportunity of giving to the house that explanation of which I yesterday gave notice . It is of the utmost importance to myself and to my colleagues , that the circumstances which have led to the recent change of his majesty 's ministers may be fully understood . It is of importance to the house , and to the public , that they may be enabled to form a proper estimate and opinion of the character and conduct of those persons to whom the administration of public affairs was so lately entrusted , and truly to appreciate all the circumstances of that situation , in which , in consequence of that change , the country is now placed . It is of importance to the house , in the decision of the question now stated from the chair , inasmuch as the propriety of an adjournment , of a longer or a shorter duration , may depend upon the necessity of adopting some measures , at the earliest possible period , to avert the conesequences of the extraordinary events which have taken place . To myself personally , every feeling both of duty and of honour renders it of the highest importance , that I should , as soon as possible , convince the house that my conduct has not been such as to make them repent of the kind indulgence which I have experienced from them . Undoubtedly , sir ; every moment 's delay , in which my conduct may be a matter of doubt with those 262 from whom I have received , together with my colleagues , such distinguished support , has been exceedingly painful to me ; yet conceiving it to be my duty , I have abstained from saying any thing upon this subject till that moment arrived , when it was no longer necessary to be silent ; when his majesty has declared his intention of placing the administration of affairs in other hands . I now therefore , having received his majesty 's permission to do so , am at liberty to state , without a breach of duty , those circumstances which I am most anxious should be fully understood by the public . Desirous , however , as I may be to take the earliest possible moment to make this statement , and sensible that in justice to our own characters it can no longer be delayed , I confess I feel in common with those , who expressed that opinion last night , considerable regret that I am under the necessity of doing so in the absence of those