blood , or otherwise , with no small portion of the rank and consequence and influence , in the whole of the community , are subject to the absolute will of one irresponsible individual . That , from this cause , your petitioner has suffered most grievous injustice , indignity , and injury ; that , after a life of faithful , zealous , and arduous services , be has been driven , as above shown , to the alternative of abandoning his profession and his means of subsistence , or of retaining them accompanied with unmerited disgrace ; and , that he , therefore , prays your honourable house , the constitutional protectors of the people 's liberties arid properties against arbitrary power and oppression , to afford him redress , and to prevent , by such means as the wisdom of your honourable house it shall seem meet , the future recurrence of similar grievances . And your petitioner shall ever pray . ANDREW COCHRANE JOHNSTONE . London , March 2d , 1807 . `` —The petition having been read , Mr. Whitbread moved , that it do lie on the table . observed , that as there was no pledge to bring forward any motion on this petition , he would now take the opportunity of saying a few words , because it had been spread abroad that he had pledged himself to bring this matter before the house . He was glad of this opportunity of giving a public contradiction to that charge . Some gentlemen who had been in the late parliament , might recollect the notice which he had given : but , as many of the present parliament might not be acquainted with the proceeding , he would state the case exactly as it stood . He had observed , in the case of Mr. Johnstone , and in many others , what appeared to him to be an abusive practice in military justice . This arose from the nature of the powers of the judge advocate . It seemed to him a strange impropriety that the judge advocate , in these cases , should be the only person consulted when a decision was given by the king , and that there should be no consultation the commander in chief , the person intrusted by his Majesty with the management of the forces , and who ought properly to be responsible . He therefore gave notice of a proposition to put an end to that practice . Subsequent to that notice , a change took place in his Majesty 's councils , and this afforded him the means of applying the remedy without having recourse to parliament ; and he was happy to state , that having 77 made representations to his Majesty upon this Point , his Majesty had been graciously pleased to direct , that the proceedings should be conducted in future so as to answer the object Which he had in view from the beginning . The present practice , therefore , was , that the judge advocate did not receive his final decision on giving in his report , but that his Majesty afterwards signified his decision to the commander in chief , who was therefore responsible for the advice given to his Majesty on these occasions . Thus the injustice which was supposed to arise from the interference of the judge advocate was prevented . He would not object to receiving the petition , though he saw no advantage which could result to the petitioner from it . One of the objects of the petition was to obtain the restoration of his rank . This was a case in which the house could not in the least degree interfere . It was one on which it was impossible to frame any question which could procure the petitioner success . It would be an interference with the prerogative , which the house could not possibly sanction without extreme danger and inconvenience . Another object of the petition was , that the house should take such measures as might prevent the recurrence of such proceedings in future . It was