house must be aware that it was now three years since the last view of the state of India Finances had been given on full and authentic documents . This was a point of great importance , and worthy of the serious attention of the house . But this was not what he had particularly in view at this time , and the material object of his rising , was to obtain information on a subject which ought to be before the house . The first part related to the transaction at Vellore ; a transaction , melancholy and disastrous in its immediate effects , and to the last degree dangerous , with a view to its ultimate consequences . Whether , therefore , we looked back upon the past , or forward to the future , it was essentially necessary , that on this point the house should be in possession of some authentic information , and he hoped that ministers , whoever they were , would not withhold that information . Addressing himself , then , to the right hon . gent. , who , it was understood , had just retired from the office of president of the Board of Controul , he wished to know from him , whether he had received official information from India on this point , or any information upon the correctness of which he could depend ? Whether the house would give him credit or not , he would assure them that this transaction was one of the most dangerous kind with regard to its consequences , and he begged of the house not to shut their eyes to it , because the danger was distant in point of local situation . But this was not all ; he believed that other advices had been received Within a few days past , of greater consequence than the information relative to the affair at Vellore . He alluded to the situation of the Carnatic , which had filled the government of Madras with the utmost alarm . So great , indeed , was this alarm , that an application had been made by the Madras government to general Maitland , governor of Ceylon , for an amount of force consisting of all the European troops in that settlement . He 193 had no official information of this ; but he had heard it from what he considered as very good private authority . If , then , any information of this sort had come to the India House , he hoped the proper persons would consider it as their duty to lay it before the house . In the mean time he wished to know , whether , in point of fact , official or authentic information of this nature had been received . He assured the house that the information to which he referred went to the very existence of our power in India . He had long wished to give up all concern with the affairs of India , on account of the inadequate effects which he had found to result from his earnest and frequent appeals to the house on that subject . But this , however , was not solely an Indian subject , it was one materially connected with the prosperity and perhaps the existence of this country . In the Same Manner , whatever materially affected Ireland was not only an Irish but a British subject , as the interest of both were , in a great measure , identified.— spoke to order . He apprehended that it was irregular to go into a long statement when a member rose merely to ask a question . agreed that it was irregular . had no other intention than merely to justify his asking those questions , and , as he had done this , he would trespass on the attention of the house no further . rose to give such answers as he could to the questions of his hon . friend . To the question , why no account relative to the finances of India had been laid before the house , the answer was that