requisite for us to hold . If a doubt is entertained upon this question , let me put it the other way . Suppose that the bill had been abandoned after the discussion , and in the manner that I have stated . Suppose , that , having so engaged to abandon it , we had gone to the two houses of parliament , and without any previous intimation to his majesty , both in withdrawing the bill , and afterwards on the introduction of the petition , supported the opinions upon the Catholic question which we are known to hold . If we had done this , I desire to know what would have been the charge made against us , by those who now accuse us of an unfair and disrespectful proceeding towards that sovereign , whom , on account of his high situation and his personal virtues , we are equally bound to revere.—We took therefore that course which appeared to us to be most fair and honourable . Our reasons were respectfully stated to his majesty , and we claimed a right to pronounce our opinions in parliament on the occasions already stated , and also to submit for his majesty 's decision , from time to time , such advice respecting Ireland , as the course of circumstances and the interests of the empire should require . This I am sure , in point of fairness , can not be reprehended ; and it was equally supported by motives of personal respect and public duty to our sovereign and to our country.—A minute written with this view , and expressed in the most respectful language , was accordingly sent to his majesty . The royal answer expressed satisfaction at our determination to withdraw the bill , in deference to the king 's opinions . It expressed some , dissatisfaction , that we should feel it necessary as individuals to express our opinions both on withdrawing the bill , and in any discussion which might take place on the petition . But the latter part of our statement it required us absolutely to withdraw , declaring that his majesty could never consent to any concessions to the catholics which we might in future propose to him ; and demanding from us a positive assurance , which , as explained by the whole context of what was re- 276 quired of us , went not only to the question of concessions to the catholics , but to all measures connected with it.—Sir , I am fully convinced that the motives and opinions , as far as they were personal motives and opinions , which dictated that demand on the part of his majesty , were of the purest nature . I have been but a short time in the service of his majesty ; but I have had many opportunities of observing his gracious and benevolent intentions towards his people , of his affection for them , and his desire to promote their happiness and welfare . As far as he was personally concerned ( I say nothing of those who may have advised him ) , as far as his majesty was personally concerned , I am sure be was actuated by the most conscientious motives , and the most honourable feelings . But with such a requisition , sir , we found it impossible to comply , consistently with any idea we entertained of duty or of honour . We felt it incumbent on us most respectfully and humbly , but most explicitly , to represent to his majesty , that those intrusted with administration were bound by every obligation to submit to his majesty , without reserve , the best advice they could frame , to meet the various exigencies and dangers of the times ; and that the present formidable situation of Ireland required a repeated consideration of every fresh circumstance that might occur . We submitted , that in forbearing to urge any farther , while we continued in his majesty 's service , the measure that had been proposed to parliament , we had gone to the utmost limits of our