G. J. Stewart , J. Grimston , esq . J. Smith , esq . right hon . W. Dundas , lord C. Fitzroy , J Dent , esq . G. Wentworth , esq . T. Steele , esq . T Codrington , esq . sir W. Curtis , right hon . C. Bathurst , lord C. H. Somerset . Nominees —lord Temple , R. M. Biddulph , esq . presented a Petition of several planters , merchants , and others , at the port of Liverpool , interested in the British West India colonies , setting forth , `` That the petitioners have , for a long time past , felt severely the pressure of the heavy duties on Sugar , the produce of the British West India colonies , though they have hitherto endeavoured to sustain them , aware of the exigencies of the public service , and hoping that the period was not far remote , when , by the happy event of the restoration of peace , their burthens would be lightened ; and that the petitioners now find these hopes not only rendered distant , by the failure of the late negociation , but by the new Plan of Finance lately submitted to the house by the chancellor of the exchequer , in danger of being altogether destroyed , it being the effect of this plan to render permanent that part of the duties on Sugar which , by the existing laws , would cease with the war , a circumstance which the petitioners view with great alarm ; and that these duties press at present with peculiar severity on the petitioners , and all persons connected with the West India colonies , in consequence of those measures of hostility against British commerce , which the recent successes of the enemy have enabled him to enforce in almost all the ports of the continent , whereby exportation has been impeded to an extent hitherto unexampled , and the natural effects of an overcharged market have been and are felt in a ruinous depression of prices ; and that the petitioners acknowledge with thankfulness the measures which have already been taken by the house with a view to their 141 relief , but consider them quite inadequate to produce that effectual relief to which the petitioners conceive themselves justly entitled ; and that the petitioners humbly suggest the following measures as calculated to afford them further relief ; namely , 1 . A reduction in the rate of duty on British plantation sugar : 2 . That liberty be given to the colonies to barter sugar and coffee , as well as rum and molasses , with the American states , in return for lumber and other necessaries , for a needful supply of which the colonies depend on an intercourse with those states : 3 . That permission be granted to the distillers and brewers , to use sugar in their respective processes , when its price , compared with that of grain , may induce them so to do ; and therefore praying , that these measures , or such of them as may be deemed expedient by the house , or other measures adequate to the relief of the Petitioners , under their present burthens and distress , may be adopted and passed into a Law . `` —Ordered , That the said petition be referred to the consideration of the select committee , to whom the petition of several planters merchants , mortgagees , annnitants , and others , interested in the British West India colonies , is referred presented a petition from the chancellor , masters , and scholars , of the university of Oxford ; taking notice of the bill for enabling his majesty to avail himself of the services of all his liege subjects in his naval and military forces , in the manner therein mentioned ; and setting forth , `` That the petitioners contemplate , with much concern and anxiety , the progress of a bill , which in their apprehension , if it should pass into a law , will break down one of the strongest barriers