ear the grievances and complaints of the unhappy people of that country ; at such a moment as this , he hoped the house would concur with him in the opinion , that at least all the practical benefits ought to be conferred on Ireland which could possibly be obtained . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to alter and amend the mode of levying money by Grand Juries in Ireland . of the Exchequer had no objection to the bill proposed by the hon . gent . The course of proceeding with respect to the bill , as suggested by the hon . gent. , he thought altogether unexceptionable , he rose for the purpose of deprecating for himself , and those connected with him , the supposition of their being disposed to intercept the prayers of any part of his majesty 's subjects in their way to the royal ear , or to the presence of parliament , however his sentiments might differ from those of the right hon . gent . on some subjects connected with a large portion of the people of Ireland . He thought it right also to offer himself to the house , lest , if he should have sat silent while the Union was represented as a barren and useless thing , as a thing , the continuance of which was problematical , and its dissolution a thing seriously contemplated , lest such things , suffered to pass uncontradicted , should give rise to false and dangerous opinions abroad . The interests of the two countries were now so intimately combined , that a dissolution of the Union could not be contemplated without involving most material injury to both , however some matters of detail might , in the opinion of some , 501 be yet remote from a satisfactory arrangement . defended his hon . friend who might well be warranted in doubting of the policy of the Union , when the Imperial parliament was made the scene of disseminating religions dissentions , instead of diffusing , as had been promised by the authors of the union , political rights , by the extinction of religious divisions . had listened with great satisfaction to the statements of the hon . mover , because he had thrown some light upon the situation of the Irish poor . He wished that the gentlemen from Ireland would always endeavour to enlighten the house with regard to the internal state of that country . This would be much more important with respect to the poor of that country than the discussion of any great political privileges . Dr. Mc . Nevin , one of the persons who had been engaged in the rebellion , had stated in answer to a question put to him , when examined before a committee of the Irish house of commons , that the peasantry would not give the value of the ink in the pen with which the clerk was writing , for emancipation . The real happiness of the people depended more on the nature of their connection with their landholders and tytheholders , than upon those privileges . One of the best effects which he hoped for from the Union was the additional light which it would enable us to procure with respect to the situation of the people of Ireland . If Irish gentlemen , and members of parliament , would study and point out measures , calculated to promote the internal comfort and prosperity of Ireland , they would do far more real service to their country , than by recriminating upon those who could not hazard the strong measures they might wish . Whatever difference of opinion there might be as to higher questions of policy , all , he trusted , would concur in endeavouring to promote the reformation of the abuses in that country ; and with this view , he wished it to be considered , whether it might not be possible for the voluntary exertions of the great landholders themselves to correct these abuses ? begged leave to give an accurate and entire statement of