of bringing directly home to the principal gentleman who is the subject of the charge , by direct positive proof that on the 1Oth of Feb. , 14 days only before the hearing of the cause , the witness was sent for by a message to attend at the house of Mr. Homan in Frith Street , soho whom does he meet there ? Mr. Homan ; Mr. Johnston , a person concerned with Drury Lane Theatre , and a Mr. Edwards , a former servant of the sitting member , and now a box-keeper at Drury Lane theatre . These 3 persons there assembled ply him with liquor , address conversations to him upon the subject , and then remove him upon the day in a hackney coach to the house of Mr.Edwards , and at Mr. Edward 's house he there positively states that he met Mr. Sheridan himself ; that he had a conference with Mr. Sheridan on the subject that he there distinctly disclosed to Mr. Sheridan that he had an order from the speaker to attend as a witness against him , and not- 31 withstanding , that at the house of Mr. Edwards , to which he was accompanied by Mr. Johnston , at that house he had a conference with Mr. Sheridan , who there entered into conversation with him upon the subject of his future testimony . That witness , who says that he had been in habits of friendship and near alliance with Mr. Sheridan before , and , that he had been acquainted with him to 5 years together , and had been honoured with the greatest marks of , his confidence that one gentleman could give to another—has told you , that he was held , in close conference for a considerable time at the house of Mr. Edwards.—Now , Sir , it is said this witness has by his demeanour created that general impression to his disadvantage , that no credit is due to what he states ; that his appearance has betrayed him , and shewn the strongest marks of his resentment and vengeance and of indignant feelings towards the individual against whom he is giving testimony . Sir , I should only beg leave to observe that this gentleman is no friend of Mr. Panl—is no acquaintance of his—he is a perfect stranger to him , and if there be any thing exceptionable or improper in his conduct , all he knew of him was , that he was nearly allied to the sitting member ; that he had long been honoured with his acquaintance ; that he had been in the strictest intimacy with him and visiting in his house ; that was all he knew of this gentleman , except that he appeared to be an officer , in a gallant profession , in which he had lost a limb—at least it was so represented to him , that he knew nothing of him , but what was apparently honourable and right , except that he came with strong feelings of resentments respecting which very resentment I shall be glad to ask , whence does it arise ? Does it not of itself import prior intimacy , and that degree of injury that has stung the individual to manifest all that resentment ? How can you account for it otherwise ? What has actuated the individual to that resentment ? , Let it operate as it ought to do to induce you to receive his evidence with considerable suspicion , with great jealousy , to watch the testimony he gives ; but how can any body account for the indignation of this young man ? For his feelings of warmth ? If the individual was a perfect stranger to him ? If he had never been in habits of intimacy with him , or conducted himself in a way to provoke that resentment ? How are those feelings to be accounted for ? To what cause are you to refer all that gentleman 's other feeling , if it is not to be ascribed to the cause I 32 have stated ? —He has