never used , though it was formerly ; and it was no more used now than the mace was to knock down members in the lobby . Neither the drivers nor white servants had power to punish without consent of the masters . The negroes preferred the 136 ordinary mode of labour to lashes , as he himself had found by experience . He positively asserted , that when women were pregnant all idea of labour was at an end . His negroes had brought him , on a fear of scarcity , about a thousand pounds in gold ; which was a proof that negroes had , in general , not been so harshly treated as had been apprehended . still maintained that he was correct in the points he had stated . remarked , that although the overseers of plantations made use of the whip , that did not prove that the negroes were treated with cruelty ; but , alter all , it was not the intention of the house to abolish slavery , but the slave trade . Therefore , when the anti-abolitionists spoke of the miserable condition of the slaves , they were arguing against themselves , inasmuch as it was no part of the present bill to abolish slavery in the West Indies . Slavery was as ancient as the days of Homer , who said , take from a man his liberty , and you take from him his virtue . Still slavery was a degrading situation for man , and it was to be wished that it could be abolished . Slavery , however , differed very much , as to degree , in different countries ; and he could not but believe , upon the testimony adduced , that the authority exercised over the negroes in the West Indies was much less than in most other countries where slavery existed at all . But even if this measure were carried , slavery would continue in the West Indies ; and those advocates for the measure were not consistent with themselves , who argued from principles of strict right and justice in favour of the present measure , and yet did not follow up their own principles , by emancipating the present slaves in the West Indies . The right hon . secretary proceeded to observe , that on such a question , the house ought not to go upon abstract principles of right , but upon the consideration of the consequences of the measure , and the possible ruin of the British empire resulting from it . As to Africa , this measure would produce no benefit to that country , for there would not be less slavery after our abolishing the trade than before it : in the West Indies it would tend to produce discontent among the negroes ; to individuals it would be a great loss and injustice , and would prove ruinous to numbers who had a claim to the protection of this country . France and other rival nations would most probably refuse to imitate our example , and would redouble this traffic to our ruin . Nor was this a time 137 to venture such an experiment . We were engaged in a dangerous war with a powerful enemy . Was it not also a time to be strictly economical ? Were they not called to attend to candle ends and cheese parings ? And , at such a time , should parliament think of throwing away such a resource as the West India islands ? Did they not see empire after empire tumbling like so many nine pins all around them ? He knew there were some of hon . friends who would tell him the present measure tended to security against such dangers . He wished it might , but he feared it . If this question was one of feeling merely , all their feelings must be alike ; but he deprecated their feelings running away with their better judgment . Ii was not true that parliament was about to abolish the slave trade ; they were only abolishing their share in