) had called the late administration a faction : what part of their conduct deserved that appellation , he would leave it to the house and the country to determine ; but he defied the hon . baronet to produce any instances of power exerted against lord Melville : If it were decent to enter into an examination of the proceedings on that trial , it would be easy to shew , that a great majority of the peers , holding office voted for the acquittal . With regard to the motion , he 339 had never heard language more unconstitutional than that which had been introduced into the present discussion . He agreed with his hon . friends , that there could constitutionally be no act of the crown without a responsible adviser . He also concurred in the opinion that there had , on the recent occasion , been secret advisers , and that much pains had been taken to poison the royal mind . He had reason to believe that the measure alluded to had been the result of advice . Indeed , he did happen to know that advice had been given , and this was a time in which he felt it to be his duty to speak out plainly . On the Saturday before the pledge was required , lord Eldon had an audience of his majesty ; what passed at that interview , he did not pretend to state ; that , he would leave the house to conjecture . He must also observe , that before he had liberty to state that a new administration was forming , lord Eldon and lord Hawkesbury had been sent for to Windsor . Lord Eldon and lord Hawkesbury were , then , the responsible persons . He had introduced the Catholic bill , in the hope that the advantages it was calculated to produce , would have been obtained without exciting any of those animosities in the country , which by artifice had been called forth since the question was agitated . But when he found , that , instead of producing union , it was likely to disunite , he withdrew it . These considerations , and the misapprehension which had unfortunately occurred , afforded a sufficient vindication of his conduct with respect to the bill ; but he pressed it on the recollection of the house , that the introduction of that bill was not the ground of the dismissal of his majesty 's ministers.—He stated , that the late administration had in contemplation some arrangements respecting tithes , which was a constant subject of irritation in Ireland ; but he was afraid that any proposition of that kind would have been represented as another attack on the established church . Even by the hon . gentlemen on the opposite side , the members of the late administration were acquitted of any intention to deceive his majesty—an accusation which had been made against them in the public prints of this metropolis ; but if they had been guilty of that fraudulent intention , that would not have rendered the demand of the pledge a constitutional proceeding . It was acknowledged that there was no other ground for dismissing his majesty 's ministers but their refusal to give the pledge in question . This , then , was sufficient to authorize the adoption of the motion , for it was the practice of the house to proceed upon notoriety much 340 less evident than the present case afforded.—An hon . gent . had argued , that it was somewhat extraordinary that discontents should exist amonst the lowest orders of the Irish Catholics , and yet the boon proposed was intended for the higher orders . But to this he would answer , that the reason why the great mass of the Catholic population in Ireland had not come forward of late years to furnish its quota to the military service of the country , was because the higher orders were not allowed their rank in the service , and that , in consequence , their influence was withholden from recruiting for that service .