patriotic manner , to support the best rights of the subject , by upholding a main pillar of the constitution , the fall of which would involve the whole fabric in indiscriminate ruin . It only remains for me , sir , to say , that I shall vote most heartily against the present motion ; and I must make an ample apology to the house for taking up so much of their time , which might have been much better employed than in hearing me . I can not sit down , sir , without expressing the most grateful sense of the liberal indulgence with which the house has been so good as to honour me . in the few words he had to say , should not follow the example of the hon . general , but should abstain from any discussion of the merits of the Catholic bill . Though he had supported that bill , he thought the consideration of it wholly irrelevant to the present question . He was sorry his majesty 's late ministers had consented to withdraw it , but that bill did not appear to him to have any thing to do with their removal from office . It was their refusal to give a pledge not to advise his majesty upon the subject , that had caused their removal , and if they had signed that pledge , there was no disgrace and reproach which they would not have merited . Such a pledge would have made the king absolute , and removed the responsibility of his ministers . He approved of the measures of the late ministers , and sincerely regretted their removal from office . But that regret might perhaps be lighter , if they had been succeeded by men of talents or abilities . But were not their successors the dregs of a disgraced 301 administration ? Were they not the persons who had held the seals of office for a few hours , on a former occasion , in their possession , and carried them back again in acknowledgement of their own imbecility ? He wished the house to consider what might be the consequence of their administration in Ireland . If they continued tosact upon the principles of the system upon which they had come in , their measures would lead to a separation of the two countries . Such would be the consequences of the administration of those who professed to come into office as the supporters of constitutional prerogatives of the crown , and the existing establishments of the church and state . expressed his regret to be forced to vote on the question , but felt compelled to vote against the motion , because he thought it amounted to an issue between his majesty and his late ministers , at the bar of that house . The Catholic bill is wholly irrelevant to the question ; but as it had been introduced into the discussion , he should say upon it , that though he was a friend to the most unlimited toleration , he would not consent to any grant of power to them . objected to the motion on two grounds ; the one , the words in which it was couched ; the other , the line of argument which the hon . seconder had taken . He could not compliment the hon . gent . on his discretion in intimating , that although ministers ought not to consider themselves as under the controul of the king , they ought to consider themselves as under the controul of White Boys of Ireland . The hon . gent . by whom the motion had been seconded , seemed to ground his support on the idea , that when noble lords and gentlemen were called to the councils of his majesty , they had no power to retreat , but must continue in office whether they would or not . Another point on which he opposed the motion was , that it was incompatible with the wisdom of the house to entertain the discussion of any abstract proposition whatever . Many abstract