regulation of country banker , by making their estates liable to their debts . Lord Kenyon observed upon that measure , that it would be necessary that every banker should have a map of his estate and catalogue of the incumbrances on it hung up in his house . A measure of that sort had been adopted in Ireland , and the only result was , that it increased commercial property , and rendered the estates unsaleable . Such , he contended , would be the result of the present measure , if it was to be adopted by the house . to reply . He had listened with the most patient attention to the objections that had been urged against the measure , both in and out of that house , not with a view technically to advocate it more effectually , but with the determination wholly to abandon it , should those objections appear to him to possess any weight . The result , however , was , that the sentiments with which he sat out on the subject , remained unaltered . He was decidedly of opinion , that to exempt an estate from the payment of debts contracted by its late possessor , was a most flagrant act of injustice . He was 164 surprised that there were those who maintained that such an exemption was just , and he was somewhat concerned that among them was the only member of that house who was invested with the robes of magistracy . He had not proposed this alteration in the law hastily . Before his introduction of it into the house he had consulted the highest legal authorities in the kingdom upon it , and , with the exception of his honourable and learned friend ( and even he had not expressed any direct dissent ) , it had received their unanimous and perfect approbation . A rt . hon . gent . had accused him of attacking the aristocracy of the country . He had a high respect for the aristocracy , as forming a part of our mixed constitution ; he had indeed shewn a higher respect for it than that which had been displayed by the opposers of the bill ; for he wished to rescue the aristocracy from the imputation of being unwilling to pay their debts : he wished to shew , that they did not owe their weight in the country to an unjust law , by which their just creditors might be defraded . ( Hear ! hear ! ) The hon . and learned gent . asserted that this bill had the approbation of the three presiding judges of three of the highest tribunals of the country ; and , that it was a bill for the relief of the poor creditor against his rich debtor . He described and argued upon the situation in which poor servants and inferior tradesmen were placed , with regard to their rich debtors , as the law now stood ; for not having in general any bonds , theirs being merely simple contract debts , they could not recover against the heir of their debtor . After dwelling for some time on the injustice resulting from this deficiency in the law , repeating the words of sir John Strange , that `` a man who dies , without making provision for the payment of his debts , sins in his grave , '' the learned gent . concluded with expressing his hope , that the house would not suffer a bill to be lost , which had for its object the removal of that deficiency , and which proposed to remedy an evil , that was in fact a reproach to the justice of the country . was sorry to have misunderstood his rt . hon . friend , and assured him that nothing was farther from his mind than to give a moment 's pain to his right hon . friend.—The question was now loudly 165 called for , and the house divided . For the bill , 47 ; Against it , 69 ; Majority , 22 . The