for the country ever entered into , some person near him having observed upon the favourable nature of the terms of the loan for the country , the person who was then signing the contract declared that it was the consequence of the financial plan then before parliament . Thus the whole amount of the war taxes were pledged to the public creditor . It never before had been thought of to take away a specific pledge from the public creditor . It did not become him to speak of the plan , in the forming of which he , as one of his majesty 's late ministers , had a share , but the present ministers found that they could not bring forward any one better . Not being able to form a better plan , they must , however , do something ; they must , they thought , make some alteration , and thus had arisen the alteration in the bill , which was a direct violation of public faith ; and not content with altering the nature of the security , they placed it on those taxes which were justly considered to be the very worst which could be so pledged , and which had been so considered in another place by gentlemen now in administration . He was perfectly aware that the security which remained , namely , 6,000,000l . was amply sufficient to pay 1,200,000l . ; but still he contended , that the alteration was a violation of public faith , inasmuch as the whole of the taxes included in the original plan were the specific security to the public creditor . His noble friend on the other side ( lord Mulgrave ) had spoken of the plans of Necker , and the ruinous consequences which they produced in France . 'The plan of Necker was simply this , he borrowed money without making provision for the payment of the interest , and then added the interest to the loan of the next year , and so on successively . Such a system must necessarily lead to ruin , and he wished to dwell particularly upon this system of borrowing money one year and adding the interest to the loan of the next , because he bad reason to believe that a plan was in contemplation to propose to parliament , the object of which was this very system , namely , to borrow money one year and add the interest to the loan of the next . He conjured noble lords on the other side not to give ear to such a plan , if any such should be proposed to them , as it must inevitably produce the most ruinous and the most deplorable con 524 sequences . To impute improper motives to any ministers , or to any legislators , he knew was irregular ; but he must take leave to say , that if his majesty 's present ministers had determined upon the ruin of the new system of finance , they could not have adopted measures more effectual for that purpose than they had already pursued . He did not wish to alter the bill now before the house ; their lordships knew why he did not : it would involve a question of privilege between the two houses , as it was a money bill ; but he protested against the amendment introduced into it by the present ministers ; and he did the same thing against the system which , he knew , was preparing upon finance . He protested too against the clamour which was raised by persons denominating themselves the shipping interest of this country , against the American intercourse bill , which was , in truth , a bill to save the West-Indies from famine , and to save us from breaking the law passed for that purpose . He protested no less against the conduct of those who circulated alarms concerning dangers which they knew did not exist . They knew , said his lordship , that the measure lately proposed to parliament did not endanger the established church of this country