the hon . gent. , it only remains for me to add to the 174 statement which I made when I signified , my intention of not moving for the second reading of the religious army service bill , that the circumstances which then prevented me from doing so have led to a situation in which I am now enabled to inform the house that , although I have not yet received his majesty 's commands to deliver up the seals of my office , his majesty has thought proper to send for persons not employed as his servants , and is engaged in forming arrangements for a new administration.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table . in a speech of considerable length , which be prefaced by observing , that no change of administration could in any measure affect the question now before the house , inveighed strongly against the assumption of the government of the Carnatic , which he repeatedly termed one of the most gross and infamous stretches of tyranny that ever disgraced the annals of India . He dwelt much upon the subsequent treatment of the Polygars , who , he contended , were no more subjects of Britain than of Hesse Cassel He did not charge the lords Clive or Wellesley with the murder of the nabob of Arcot , but insisted that both had been the means of bringing about that murder . The hon . baronet concluded with moving , that there be laid before the house a copy of the instructions given to lord Mornington by the Board of Controul or the Secret Committee , previous to the Treaty respecting the Carnatic in 1792 . The hon . baronet said , that beside . one now before the house , he had upon the same subject twelve other motions to submit to the house . in answer to the hon . baronet 's long speech , should briefly observe , that of the papers now called for , one part did not exist , and the other part was already printed . said , that not being in the office of the right hon . gent. , he had not the same means of information , and therefore was not aware of what had been just mentioned . He thought the right hon . gent . answer a fair one , and was willing to withdraw his motion . thought it better that the proper officers be required to lay before the house a copy of all the instructions that had been issued . contended that , all the instructions which had been transmitted , were already in possession of the house . also moved for copies of the official Letters , other than that of the 23d April 1800 , respecting the papers discovered at Seringapatam , with the answers so far as not already printed . contended that the greatest moderation had been practised in acting on these papers . He denied that the papers had been come by unfairly , or that any improper means had been used to shorten the life of the nabob , who was said not to have died a natural death . He died in consequence of the intemperate use of opium . The governor of Madras sent Dr. Anderson to him when ill , whose report was , that he found him labouring under an incurable dysentery . would not now enter upon the merits , but he was at issue with the hon . gent . in the whole of his statements . Motion agreed to.—He next moved for a copy of the Paper containing the approbation given of the conduct of lord Clive in the transaction above alluded to , and in the subsequent arrangements with respect to the Prince . Agreed to.—The hon , baronet also moved for copies of the Letters of Omdut Ul Omrah , & c. complaining of grievances . Ordered . He next moved for a copy of a Letter from lord Hobart to Omdut Ul Omrah , complaining of the permission given by him to certain artizans , & c. servants of