their advantage that their children should be brought up in the habits of industry . He thought that education would not be the better for being made compulsory ; it Was better that it should be voluntarily , and not be forced ; that `` it should descend like the gentle dew of Heaven , '' and be received as a general blessing . He did not think it Would be easy to induce parents to consent to any forced system of education for their children . did not think the opinion of the Country yet fully collected on this measure . His opinion was , shortly , that the expence of the plan was certain , and the benefit very uncertain . Schoolmasters . and schoolmistresses were very difficult to be got . The value of learning had risen less than any thing else , in proportion to the depreciation of money ; and , therefore , the number of persons competent to be schoolmasters and schoolmistresses was much diminished . He thought that if the schoolmasters could be got , it was doubtful whether the scholars could . The poor were anxious to make profit of the labour of their children as soon as possible . He gave the hon . gent . every credit for his praiseworthy exertions , though he saw these impediments in the way of his plan . did not see how any of the objections that had been made affected the principle of the bill . All of them went to delay , though no good reason was assigned for this delay . He wished to shew the country , that the house could suspend its political and party contests , in order to join with common accord in matters of avowed public utility . The poor children would at all events be educated . The only question was , whether they should be well or ill educated ? It was not in the school , nor under public or private masters alone , that education could be had . Children , if left alone , would educate themselves . But he who educated himself generally had a fool for his master . He did not think it possible that education could give sentiments above the condition of the individuals . Education would give habits of industry and attention . He wished for more 544 than two years of instruction ; but even in this short period the children , though they should forget all their learning , would have collected many beneficial habits of an indelible nature ; habits of submission and respect for their superiors ; habits of cleanliness and exertion , and the fear of punishment . He thought the measure should be carried into effect without delay . adverted to the reference that had been made to the difference between the education of the people in the northern and those in the southern part of Great Britain ; and declared it to be his belief that , if it were not for the introduction of the Scots into England , there would be a great vacuum in many stations of society in this part of the island . That their steady , industrious , and thinking habit was attributable to their different mode of education , he thought was extremely probable . But , as to the idea of engrafting a system of national industry on a system of national education , that was in his opinion extremely chimerical . Instead of doing any thing of that sort , which might tend to render the bill intricate and oppressive , he should give his vote for the house now resolving itself into the committee on the bill which was now before them . thought there was no need of going to the North for illustrations , nor to say much to that house upon the value of education . He thought it desirable that every one should be taught to read , but did not see the necessity of teaching every one to write : he disapproved of an addition of one shilling in the pound on the poor