the king 's ministers , and what is the nature of the functions they have to discharge . It is their duty to advise the king , and to give , without favour or affection , that counsel which they think best for the country . What , then , would be the situation of any set of men who should hind themselves by oath to discharge this important office , and at the same time bind themselves by a written promise not to discharge it ? It they meant to adhere to the written promise rather than to their oath , they would resolve to advise their sovereign always according to his wishes , but never according to his interests . In no very remote period it may be necessary , for the security of a principal part of the empire , to repeat the advice which has been recently given to his majesty , for the enemy has already pretty plainly shewn against what part of the united kingdom his first attempt will be directed . But I wish to look at this subject in a still larger and more important point of view than even the safety of Ireland , if that be possible . Will the British constitution exist if ministers give a pledge of the nature of that which has been described ? And before this question be answered , let it be recollected , that as such a pledge was required of the ministers who have retired , upon every fair construction it must have been given by those Who have come into office . If calamities should befal the other part of the united kingdom , and those ministers should be asked why certain advice respecting its situation was not given , they must answer , that they have given a pledge not to take that subject into their consideration ; that Ireland was a corner which had been cut out of the map of the empire they received into their keeping . If this doctrine , my lords , prevails , the cornerstone of our constitution , namely , the maxim that the king can do no wrong , and that his ministers only are responsible , is completely gone . If an opinion should prevail in parliament that ministers ought to have given 244 certain advice , and they should state that they had entered into a pledge not to give it , consider , my lords , where the responsibility then must fall . We should then return to principles which must sap the foundation of the monarchy , to those , I had almost said , diabolical principles , by which the king of this country was once brought to answer to his parliament , and considered responsible for all the transactions of the government . Those who best know me , my lords , can declare , that when I came into the service of my sovereign , it was not a matter of enjoyment , but of duty , and I am now relieved from it , at a time when the difficulties of executing that duty are still of great magnitude . Let not those who have succeeded us imagine that they have succeeded to an easy task . We did not succeed to `` a bed of roses , '' neither have we left `` a bed of roses . '' My noble friend ( lord Auckland ) , has stated to your lordships the growing prosperity of the commerce of the country , which was received with a sort of taunt from a noble lord on the other side . The commerce and the finances of the country we have left somewhat better than we found them . Our foreign relations we have left in a better state than we found them . Let me , however , call the serious and anxious attention of noble lords on the other side to the state of Ireland . If persecution for the sake of differences in religions opinions are again to be revived in this country , can there be a question that it will