duty to resist any application from that island , at the same time that he would be as ready as any hon . member to grant compensation for losses which might be sustained by the operation of the bill , upon t special case being made out . though he had not the presumption to suppose that he could place the arguments that had already been employed in the different stages of this measure in a stronger light , or a more persuasive form , could not yet content himself with giving a silent vote upon this occasion . The slave trade was so enormous and horrible , that there was no parallel to it in the annals of the world . He was glad that the measure of its abolition was at length arrived at its last stage ; though he was sorry that any alteration had been made in the preamble , because he could not reconcile to himself any compromise upon the subject . He was convinced that none of the imputed consequences would follow from the adoption of the measure . observed , that it did not signify to the house what Leo Africanus or Mr. Park might have thought of the slave trade , as they were themselves more competent to decide upon the facts before them . In a communication which he had with Mr. Park , however , that gentleman , though he studiously avoided giving any decisive opinion as to the effects of the abolition of the slave trade , admitted that the justice of such a measure did not allow of an argument . This measure would not only throw wide open the doors of civilization for Africa , but lay the first stone for the establishment of the happiness of the West Indies . As this country was the balance for the great power on the continent , they ought to attend to the grounds upon which its means were founded , and particularly in its colonies . Measures were to be taken for the improvement of the condition of the mass of the people in the sister kingdom ; an hon . gent . of great weight in that house ( Mr. Whitbread ) from his character and talents , had brought forward measures for the improvement of the mass of the people in this country ; measures had on a former occasion been taken to correct abuses which were said to have existed in the East Indies ; and he would ask , whether it was not right that they should take measures for the improvement of the West India islands ? He had paid particular attention to the case of the slaves , and he agreed that the system was more severe . than any 134 that had ever existed in the world . The slave was called to work half an hour before sun rise , and was dismissed from work half an hour after sun set , and this period of labour , with the intermission of two hours in the course of the day , was greater than could be borne in a tropical climate . They were besides worked under the whip , a practice which had never obtained in any years ; and men , and boys , and girls of tender age , and women in an advanced stage of pregnancy , were subjected to blows at the discretion of the driver . The slavery in the West Indies was touch more severe than in the ancient world ; for shortly after the propagation of christianity , slavery was done away . Here the hon . member read an extract from the historian Gibbon , to shew that , when the sources of procuring slaves were cut off by the union of Asia and Africa with the Roman empire , the Romans obtained them by the more tedious method of propagation , which was promoted by mild treatment , and encouraging marriage . These were the facts upon which the advocates of the bill supported it . But it would likewise have the effect of promoting the civilization of Africa ,