us , but sent it to us in return for our manufactures ? —that they neither built ships , nor made for themselves whatever we could make , but were employed in producing what we could neither produce nor do without , and what was an important addition to our means of commanding foreign trade , and of attracting foreign capital ? —that they did not require for their defence large armies concentred in one spot , and which , from their magnitude and their distance from the metropolis , became in themselves matter of reasonable jealousy to the mother country ? —or was it that the long intercourse we had enjoyed with our constantly attached and loyal colonies was grown insipid by its harmony , and that , as in the case of married couples who lived too much together , something like the amantium irœ were wanting to stimulate regard , and rekindle mutual affection ? If this were the case , and that we were only making a moral or philosophical experiment upon the passions of the colonists , it would be well if we were careful not to tickle them into a frenzy , or , what perhaps was more to be apprehended , pinch them to death.—He should notice very briefly the colonial system , which was one of mutual monopoly ; the mother country retaining to her own use land advantage , in all essential respects , their trade , navigation , and supply , and affording to them and to their produce , an exclusive 93 or marked preference at her markets . This system appeared to be of old date with great maritime powers ; something like it might be traced in respect to the colonies of Carthage , of which evidence might be found in Polybius . Laws grounded upon it had progressively been enacted in this country , some under the Protectorate ; but the system had taken a definite shape in the time of Charles II. , and was admirably pointed out in the preamble to the celebrated act for the encouragement and regulation of trade passed in that reign ; that preamble would be found to comprise the elements of our entire colonial system , and indicated the mutual monopoly ; but , as was ever the case betwixt a stronger and a weaker party , the compact was less formal in the parts that bind the mother country than in those that bind the colonies : he would , however , state to the house , in this respect , the opinion of a much-lamented statesman , Mr. Fox , who , in 1781 , when the sugar refiners petitioned parliament to admit foreign sugars on certain terms , into British consumption , and into use in the refineries , took the part of the colonies , and spoke in these words : — '' The noble lord ( Beauchamp ) had called the non-importation of prize sugars a mere Custom-house regulation , and therefore thought the rule might be easily dispensed with ; but he must inform his lordship , that a compact more solemn than any act of parliament could create made that rule not to be infringed , for we had monopolized the produce of our plantations by unnatural restrictions on their trade . This was the only country in Europe in which they were permitted , by our laws , to sell their crops . Surely then , by every principle of reason and natural justice , they should also have an exclusive access to our markets , a monopoly subsisting on one side necessarily implying a monopoly also on the other . There was not any written agreement , but there was something more substantial ; there was monopoly against monopoly . The West India planters were confined in the sale of their commodities to Britain , and Britain was confined to take their commodities from them and them only . This tacit bargain was confirmed not by words out by deeds ; the planters enjoy certain privileges , and for those privileges they gave something in return , an ample equivalent