many respects , more particularly in the creation of new places dependent upon the crown , it went to infringe not only the spirit , but the letter of the act of union . differed wholly from the noble marquis , and pledged himself , whenever their lordships thought proper to enter upon the question , not only to convince the house , but even that noble lord , that in no instance whatever did the measure proposed go to violate the spirit , or infringe the act of union ; and that it did not provide for the creation of more places or offices than existed at that period , and subsequent to the time of the union between the two countries.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Monday . Sir John Frederick obtained leave to bring in a bill for building a bridge over the Thames , at Vauxhall , and for making roads adjacent thereto.—The names of the defaulters on the Dublin Election ballot were read over , and lord Bruce was ordered to be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms.—Lord Howick observed , that , when on the preceding evening he proposed that the second reading of the Roman Catholic Army and Navy Service bill should take place on Tuesday next , he was not aware of certain circumstances which would render it inconvenient to many members to attend on that day : he therefore moved , that the second reading should stand for Thursday ; which was ordered accordingly . —Mr . Gooch , from the select committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the petition of Wm . Morland , esq. , complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Tauton , informed the house , that the said committee have determined , that John Hammet , esq . and Alex . Baring , esq. , were duly elected ; and also , that the said committee have determined , that the petition of the said Wm . Morland , esq. , did appear to the said committee to be frivolous and vexatious.—On the motion of the secretary at war , the Mutiny bill was read a third time , and passed.—Lord Henry Petry brought in two bills . The one was for charging 12,000,000. , part of the loan of the present year en the war taxes , and for continuing a certain portion of the war taxes beyond the war , with a view to that object ; the other was for the further regulation of the sinking fund , according to the new financial plan . Both the bills were read a first time . On the order of the day being read for going into a committee on'the Scotch judicature bill , expressed himself decidedly hostile to the measure in its present shape . He conceived the proposed division of the court of session into three chambers , with a superior court of appeal , to be an infraction of the articles of union , inasmuch as the court of session Would thus no longer be the supreme court of Scotland , but would be rendered inferior to another court , namely , the court of appeal . The 110 division into three chambers might also be productive of serious inconveniences ; a case , for instance , decided by a majority of ten judges to four , might , by the operation of this bill , be again decided upon by four judges in one of these three chambers , and these four might happen to be the minority on the former decision . The chamber of review would , he thought , also defeat the object sought to be attained , namely , the more speedy administration of justice , by again narrowing the channel of that administration ; and he had little doubt that this new court of appeal , if established , would soon be as much overloaded with appeals as that house was at present . He thought it would be much more advisable to divide the court of