case is different ; here dissenters are excluded from all public 239 employments unless they take a sacramental test , which is contrary to the principles of their religious faith . If we had adopted the Irish act of 1793 in this country , the catholics would have been admitted to offices from which the Protestants were excluded . Let me ask your lordships , whether such a measure would not have awakened the attention of the protestant dissenters ? And what answer could you have given to them , if they asked you to explain the reason of the distinction made between them and the catholics ? Regarding the question , then , under all those points of view , I was induced to form the decided opinion that the measure to be submitted to parliament in the form of an act , should , after reciting the danger to which the empire was exposed , also recite the remedy by which all hearts and hands might be united in warding off every attempt of the inveterate foe of this country . I am aware that much may be expected to be said on the manner in which the measure was brought forward . In the first place it may be observed , that it is the duty of all members of parliament to propose those measures which they may conceive to be conducive to the welfare of the country . In the like manner it is the duty of the members of government to submit to his majesty such measures as they may think calculated to promote the interests of the public . If his majesty should not approve of any measure they may suggest , they have then to chuse whether they will abandon that measure , or tender their resignation to their sovereign . I need not tell you , my lords , that in the recent instance which has occurred of this difference of opinion , the former course was that which was adopted . In the other case , in 1801 , when a similar measure was proposed to the king , and disapproved by him , the administration of that day thought proper to resign . In the present case , however , the same result was brought about in a different manner . The measure was withdrawn , and it was intended to suffer it to drop entirely ; but his majesty had , in the mean time , thought fit to appoint a new administration . I shall , my lords , endeavour to state as briefly as possible the circumstances which gave rise to this event . A misapprehension of the nature and extent of the measure proposed appears to have taken place , and the statement of that misapprehension comes from a quarter to which I give the most implicit credit . In the explanation I am about to make , I only wish to shew that I , and those with 240 whom I acted , had reason to suppose that the nature of the measure was fully understood , which , from my heart and soul , I am convinced it was not . I only mean to justify our characters by stating the reasons which induced us to suppose that no misapprehension existed . In doing this , my lords , it will be necessary for me to recapitulate the different stages of the proceedings which took place . The draft of the Bill was laid before the king for his approbation . That draft contained a recital of the Irish Act with the restriction . It then proposed that the services of catholics should be received without any restriction , and no condition required but the taking of the oath of allegiance . When this draft was submitted to his Majesty , I thought I had done every thing on the subject which my duty required of me . Afterwards , however , I learned that difficulties were stated , and that there was a repugnance in his majesty 's mind to the measure . A written answer to this effect was received by his