those alone converted it into a threat who insinuated that by any declaration from any man , the house of commons could be deterred from doing their duty . With respect to the conduct of the present administration , he was confident that by an anxious desire to obtain peace , if an honourable peace were attainable ; if an honourable peace were not attainable , by a vigorous prosecution of the war , in conjunction with our allies ; by a wise and persevering attention to the proper management of the domestic concerns of the country , and by that eloquence which would enable them to refute their antagonists , and to maintain the excellence of their own measures , his majesty 's present ministers would secure an influence in the house , over which the violence of opposition would be unable to triumph . To what did the present motion tend ? Not to shew that the house approved of several parts of the conduct of the late ministers , 441 for that approbation had been expressed by their votes . Not to inform the king of their merits , for , according to the statement made by a noble lord , his majesty had expressed his approbation of their conduct up to the circumstance which led to their dismissal . The house had not been told of the answer which had been made to the approbation so expressed by the sovereign . Would it not have been proper for the late ministers , on quitting office , to assure his majesty that in retiring from his service , it was their wish still to support his government ; that they should be happy at having the power to afford it their aid ; that they knew their dismissal was occasioned by conscientious motives alone ; and that , so far from shewing any animosity against their successors , they were disposed by every possible means to contribute to the success of those measures which they might bring forward for the service of the country ? Discarded from his majesty 's councils , they should retain their respect to the monarch , and their affection to their country . By such motives they ought to be influenced ; at least , he hoped they would not madly surrender themselves to a blind and headlong opposition ; and that their friends and adherents would have the modesty to suspend their condemnation of the new ministers , until some opportunity should have been afforded of witnessing their conduct ; or , in other words , until they had been tried . No doubt could arise on the terms in which the resolution was expressed ; its general purport could not be misunderstood . Before , an abstract point was to be discussed ; now , the words were more clear and precise , and precluded the possibility of any misapprehension . Such were the sentiments he had to express on the present occasion . He was anxious that a temper of conciliation should prevail ; and he should be sorry if the late ministers could not have the dignity to retire from their stations , without repining at those who had succeeded them . Whatever might be the influence of the speeches of the two hon . gentlemen upon others , upon his mind they had no effect but to increase his objections to what they had recommended ; he should therefore conclude with moving the order of the day . and spoke as follows : —I can assure the house , sir , that it is not without considerable reluctance that I rise for the purpose of occupying any portion of their time , however small . But as the question now before us 442 is of great magnitude , and as I had no opportunity of stating my sentiments upon one which was brought forward some days ago , and which if not in form , at least in its understood purpose , and in the way it was discussed , resembled this , I trust I shall be excused if I say a few words . Indeed