's personal feelings and opinions.—But was it necessary to make the reserve which I have stated , and which , in consequence , of the foullest misrepresentation , has been the object of such severe censure ? I beg the house to consider the situation in which we were placed . The bill already introduced , and received with apparent favour by the house , was to be withdrawn . Was it not necessary that , in withdrawing it , I should , in justice to myself , endeavour to shew that it had not been lightly and wantonly proposed ? Could I do so without some reference to the arguments , by which I had originally supported it , and which I will not now repeat ? Was 274 it not necessary then that I should be allowed to declare the grounds upon which an opinion , that I could not renounce , had been formed ? But this , it is said , was placing my opinion in opposition to that of my royal master , and exposing him to any odium which might attach on a personal opposition to the measure . I will not examine this charge as applicable to a member of parliament ; I will consider it only as affecting the conduct of the king 's minister : and in this latter view I think it may be admitted , that under the particular circumstances of the case , after the prejudice and alarm which had been excited , and with a view to the consequences likely to arise from a public agitation of the question , public reasons , in no degree reflecting on his majesty , might have been assigned for withdrawing the bill ; at the same time that I might , with all the respect due from a minister of the crown , and with the freedom of a member of parliament , have endeavoured to explain to the satisfaction of the house the reasons which had influenced my conduct Sir , I do not believe that there is one member of right feeling in the house , who will deny that this course was necessary to the support of my consistency and honour ; and I feel equally confident in asserting , that it was in no degree inconsistent with my duty as a minister of the crown . But it was necessary that we should look beyond the conduct to be pursued in withdrawing the bill . The Catholic petition , it now seemed certain , would be sent over to parliament . It was to be apprehended , that the discussion upon it would be urged with increased rather than diminished earnestness , in consequence of the disappointment likely to be felt from the failure of the bill which had been proposed . With this prospect before us , what were we to do ? Were we to determine to renounce our former opinions ? Were we , which would have been no less disgraceful , to observe the expected discussion in perfect silence ? No , Sir ; neither of these things could , I think , be expected of us . There was only then a third line of conduct to which we could look , and that was a free declaration of our sentiments on this important question . Those of his majesty 's ministers who agreed in general on this important question might adopt a different line of conduct , with respect to any discussion on the petition . Some might think themselves acting best for the general interest by supporting a previous question ; others might feel themselves bound to support the prayer of the petition 275 if urged in proper and respectful terms . But a free declaration of their opinions was equally necessary from all ; and with this necessity before us , I ask the house , Whether we could , in justice to ourselves , or in fairness to his majesty , in the situation to which things were then brought , omit humbly submitting to him the view we entertained of the conduct which it would be