men , a greater number than was now obtained from the full vigour of this new plan . As to the volunteers , that system was acknowledged to be at an end ; for the danger of invasion was said to be over , and that alone kept them together . It would therefore appear , even from the confession of the right hon . gent . that those `` depositories of pa- '' nic '' only came forward in the hour of danger ; that when danger shewed itself , then it is they flock to their standards . The hon . and learned gent . concluded by adverting to the expedition in which a gallant colonel ( Craufurd ) had been engaged , who so frequently detained the attention of the house by his observations upon military affairs . He trusted , that to whatever part of the globe he was destined , he carried with him the countenance of ministers . He hoped that his labours would be crowned with success , and that he would not have to report his triumphs to ungrateful masters ( hear ! hear ! ) . That if he should be fortunate enough to secure for his country as great a conquest as the Cape of Good Hope , he would be at least entitled to the gratitude of this house , or be allowed to wear his hard-earned laurels , without obloquy and reproach ( hear ! hear ! ) It was an awful prospect for the country , it was an awful lesson naval and military gentlemen of the house , to reflect , that they were to earn their professional character and fame , by their service within these walls . ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) begged to ask the learned gent . if he wished to insinuate that the hon . colonel ( Craufurd ) to whom he had alluded , had obtained his present appointment in consequence of any services he was supposed to have rendered government in that house ? disclaimed any such insinuation , and observed , that he must have been wholly misunderstood by the right hon . gent . begged to be allowed to make a single observation . He did not pretend to know what was the destination of the hon . colonel so strangely alluded to ; but whatever might be that destination , he trusted that should that honourable officer disregard his instructions , and divert to any other purpose the force entrusted to him , but that 108 which his orders pointed out , he would be brought to a court-martial , to have his conduct cleared ; or otherwise , that he would have to relate his story to `` ungrateful masters . '' again rose to explain , and declared , that he was likewise misunderstood by the hon . gent . who spoke last.—The house then divided on the amendment . For it 60 . Against it 179 . Majority against it 119 . The bill was then ordered to be engrossed.—The second reading of the Roman Catholics ' Army Service bill was deferred till Tuesday next , after which the house adjourned . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the Scotch Judicature bill . As on former occasions he had entered with some minuteness of detail into the nature of the circumstances which called for that regulation , and into the mode of carrying it into effect , he should not now trouble their lordships with a repetition of what must be so present to their recollection ; but content himself with moving , that the bill be now read a second time . had several objections to certain provisions of the bill , but he should not enter into a statement of them at present , as they would come more regularly before the house in another stage of the question . was by no means aware of the extent of the innovations which the bill seemed to have in contemplation , otherwise he would Lave entered his protest against it sooner . In