him . The maxim , that the king can do wrong , does not seek to alter the nature and constitution of things , but to preserve the government not only against the impeachment of crime , but even against the irreverence and loss of dignity arising from the very imputation of it . No act of state or government can therefore be the king 's ; he can not act but by advice ; and he who holds office , sanctions what is done , from whatever source it may proceed . This , my lords , is not the legal fiction of the constitution , but the practical benefit and blessing of it . I am pleading the cause of the king and of the people together , in enforcing it ; and I never will remain silent whilst this principle is disturbed . Apply it , my lords , to the case before us . We never should have recourse to a simile , when the case itself will serve us for illustration.—My lords , the illustration may suffer from circumstances at this moment . The hands of our great enemy are full ; the brave Russians keep him at bay in the East , and I pray God for the continuance of such critical successes . But should he return to the coast , and fill the shores of Europe with his troops from the Baltic to the Mediterranean ; should he threaten Ireland with invasion , would any man be permitted with impunity to tell the Catholics that they must not look to any possible change in their condition during his majesty 's reign ? that no changes could relieve them whilst the king was on the throne ? My lords , I maintain , without the hazard of contradiction , that this declaration would be a seditious misdemeanour , punishable by indictment . The criminal motive , unless as circumstances might repel the inference , would be inferred from the sentiment , because the king can have no such purpose either in law or in fact imputed to him . He can not in law , for the reasons I have already given ; and I believe he will not , in fact , under every possible circumstance , because the king 's oath , and the danger to the establishments of church 364 and state , were opposed from time to time just as they are now , to all the important indulgences which his majesty , during his reign , has nevertheless granted to his Catholic subjects ; and I conceive that I have even the sanction of the present ministers for supposing , that upon corresponding emergencies the indulgences would still be extended ; for they say that they have taken no pledge , and consider the imputation of having taken it as a reproach , which it certainly would not be , if all further indulgences were against a fundamental and unalterable principle ; and if further indulgences be not on that account inadmissible , but are to depend upon emergencies as they may occur , then upon what principle were the late ministers removed , and how are they distinguishable from their successors , since the late ministers abandoned all indulgence for the present , and only contended that emergencies ought to regulate their advice ? —This is the whole . I hope I have not departed in any thing I have said from the declaration I made the other day of my duty and attachment to his majesty , which is most sincere and affectionate . What weighs heavily on my mind , my lords , is , the dangerous and alarming distinction between putting by from time to time the claims and expectations of the Catholics , which I am as much disposed to as any man , and the public declaration of unalterable refusal upon a principle which admits no alteration . I trust we shall never see the danger of such a declaration brought home to a practical test in the discontent of subjects who might otherwise be affectionate and faithful.—My lords , I have