, therefore , was a promise beyond that act . in explanation , said , his meaning was , that no greater 529 privileges than those contained in the act of 1793 , should be extended to any of the catholics . felt it incumbent on him to contradict the assertion of a noble lord on the other side , who stated , that no measures had been resorted to by the present ministers to influence the public mind , on pretence of supporting the protestant religion . He could assure the house , from personal knowledge of the fact , that , in the town of Northampton , at the late election , the most inflammatory hand-bills , tending to excite the most dangerous riots in that town , had been universally circulated , which began with the words `` Popery ! or no Popery ! '' He never witnessed a more barefaced attempt to create disturbances ; and the attempt had the desired effect ; for the ignorant and illiterate people , having their prejudices and passions once put into motion , knew not where to stop ; and this town , which only a few months before had been remarkable for the tranquillity and good order that prevailed in it , was now one continued scene of contention ; and private families , who had long associated with each other in the utmost harmony and friendship , were now thrown into a state of party hostility and rancour . He could state several other facts upon this subject ; but as he supposed the merits of the late and present administration would be discussed on some future occasion , he should , until then , reserve what he had to say . contended that tile conversation was , perfectly regular , as on a money bill it was always permitted to discuss general topics . The financial system of his noble friend , was a grand feature in the history of the country . If the ministers chose to raise an unfounded clamour among the mob , it was in parliament that they would stand and justify themselves ; and this bill afforded the opportunity . It was relevant also to enter upon general topics , as the amendment , it would appear from what had been stated by the noble lord on the other side , was only the harbinger to the total destruction of the system . Though he , and those with whom he acted , had differed from his noble friend ( Grenville ) on some important points , they had not attempted , when in opposition , to take advantage of the mistaken feelings of the mob . He remembered , when the country was in a calamitous situation , when the scarcity had disposed people to acts of violence What would have been the situation of the 530 country if they had then encouraged the cry against forestallers and regraters , as the present ministers had stirred up and inflamed the cry of no popery ? The whole country might have been thrown into the utmost confusion . But though ministers had raised that senseless clamour out of doors , he was glad to perceive that they had not dared to attempt it in that house . With regard to the catholic bill , many of the present ministers had agreed to go further in favour of the catholics ; the only red ground of objection to the bill therefore seemed to be this , that the late ministers were not willing that the protestant dissenters should be in a worse situation than the Roman catholics . As far , therefore , as the cry of `` no popery '' was concerned , nobody surely could accuse them of being enemies to the protestant establishment , who had not proposed to go so great a length in favour of the catholics , as had been done by many of the present ministers . He wished a noble person had been present under whose administration proposals had been made to the officers of the Irish brigade to enter our service , promising