that if the planters should even say we will have none but women and children , women and children would be convicted and transported accordingly . Sir , I wish gentlemen would consider what would have been the feelings of the house , and what the tone of declamation that would have been excited , had such a fact been stated in evidence , as that of ships waiting upon the coast of Africa until they could be filled with women and children , because , forsooth , these were the description of slaves most saleable in the West Indies—with what exclamations of horror would such a recital have been received ! And because the fact does not exist ; because the colonies have been obliged to receive such slaves , and such only , as the laws of Africa have suffered to be exported , is it now to constitute an additional charge against the planters , that they have not assorted the sexes , or imported such only as were best fitted for supporting the population ? — '' When the condition of the slaves in the West India colonies is taken into consideration by the abolitionists , they first tells us that slavery bids defiance to law . `` There are laws 't is true , '' says the hon . member for Bedford , `` but there are masters of slaves : '' and we hear again and again , what can not be denied , that laws made for a society consisting of a mixture of slaves and freemen , are not susceptible of the force and equal administration which laws have in a country of freemen only . Sir , nobody that I know of has pretended to prefer slavery to freedom , or to contest the point , that slavery does hardly admit of the complete controul of the law . Slavery has been mitigated , and must be mitigated , as civilization is extended . It is mitigated by manners , by opinions , and by examples . But , sir , when the full measure of censure has been poured upon us from this channel ( be- 124 cause we found the colonies cultivated by slaves , and must continue so to cultivate them ) , was it to be expected that we should also be separately arraigned for the insufficiency of those laws , which , with better will than power perhaps , we have endeavoured to apply in regulating this state of society ? Was it candid in the hon . and learned gent . ( the Solicitor General ) to cite , as an instance of West Indian barbarity , a law passed 120 years ago ( the date of which he did not tell us till the question was put to him ) , and in which coarse expressions were found respecting slaves , when that learned gent . well knows that there exist , even in the statute-book of the British parliament ( and I believe yet unrepealed ) , several acts , the provisions of which are a disgrace to humanity ? —Sir , the laws which have been passed for the protection of the negroes in the West Indies have not all proved dead letter ; they have been enforced and executed in many instances , and they are at least evidences and records of the public opinion , by which the conduct of the whites in the West Indies is in a very considerable degree controlled ; nor is it true that those laws , which breathe the mildest spirit , have been wrung from the colonists by the discussion of this question ; it is well known that the consolidated slave law of Jamaica ( the island which contains one half the slaves of our West India colonies ) was passed previous to that discussion.—While I contend , sir , that slavery has been mitigated by civilization , I must express a doubt whether civilization has equally tended to prevent abuses in societies of freemen governed by equal laws ; and if a comparison be now drawn , as to the practical