, raised by the wisdom of our ancestors , for the defence and security of our civil and religious establishments ; and that the petitioners can not look forward without very serious alarm to the consequences of repealing so important a portion of the statute 25 Car . II . cap . 2 , commonly called the Test act , and of granting to persons of all religious persuasions an unrestrained admission into situations even of the highest naval and military command ; and that the petitioners see much reason to apprehend that the said bill , if it should pass into a law , may lead to the removal also of every similar restraint in matters of civil concern , and to the abrogation of all 142 those oaths , declarations , and tests ; which are now required by law of persons admitted into offices and stations of civil trust and authority ; and that the petitioners do verily believe , all these restraints and obligations , whether they have respect to employments of a civil or a naval and military nature , to be no other nor greater than are indispensably requisite for the maintenance and security of the monarchy and the church , as they are now happily established in this united kingdom ; and therefore praying , that the above-mentioned bill may not pass into a law ; and that the house in its wisdom will be pleased still to maintain and preserve inviolate those laws , which experience has proved to be the best safe-guards , under divine providence , of our present happy constitution both in church and state . '' Ordered , That the said petition do lie upon the table until the said bill be read a second time . in pursuance of the notice he had given to move for leave to bring in a bill for the gradual abolition of slavery in his majesty 's colonies in the West Indies . His lordship expatiated feelingly on the wanton cruelties exercised on the unhappy negroes in the plantations , as developed in the late discussions . The object of his bill was to prevent the repetition of horrors , at the very idea of which every man in that house must shudder . If it had been established , as he trusted it had been established , that the slave trade was contrary to the principles of justice , humanity and sound policy , and that therefore it ought to be abolished ; it necessarily followed , that slavery itself was contrary to the principles of justice , humanity and sound policy , and ought also to be abolished . It was , however , by no means his intention to propose any immediate abolition ; what he had in view was , that the children of slaves born after a certain time to be fixed by the legislature , should be free ; and thus a gradual and ultimately a total extinction of this barbarous usage would takes place . His lordship concluded with moving '' That leave be given to bring in a bill , for the gradual abolition of slavery in his majesty 's colonies in the West Indies . '' On the question being put . although it was possible for him not to respect the motives and participate in the feelings of his noble friend , yet deprecated any discussion of this subject at the present moment . The abolition of the slave trade , and emancipation of the slaves , were two distinct questions ; 143 and it had also been maintained by the leading characters in that house , that , in considering the one , the other ought to be excluded from their contemplation . To emancipate the negroes , would not be to add to their happiness , even if the legislature had a right to interfere with the property of the colonies . All that could be done by this country with safety and effect had already been done . He put it , therefore , most respectfully , but most strongly , to his noble friend , either to