said , that toleration did not extend to power . But his view of toleration extended a great deal further . His notion of toleration was , that no one ought unnecessarily to be deprived of the benefits of the constitution . The noble secretary talked of fundamental laws . It was true there must be fundamental laws , but at the same time it was part of their duty to modify those laws , so as to apply to circumstances as they might arise . The catholic population of Ireland ought to give at least 100,000 soldiers to our disposable force , and under the present circumstances , this was a motive certainly to open the army for them . Had he himself , or any other , laid the catholic petition on the table of that house , he would have said , that it would have been extremely impolitic at present to agitate the question ; but the bill was a very different thing . It would have served , perhaps , to keep off this very petition ; it would have afforded an useful vent for the population of Ireland , and removed many from the scene of discontent , while it would , in a great measure , have taken away the cause . It had been said , that the catholics were not to be entrusted with power ; and yet you had entrusted them with power , for a catholic might be colonel of a regiment , and had all the opportunity of rendering the Men disaffected , and doing a great part of the mischief that was apprehended from him if he was so inclined . But there was no such inclination ; and , in fact , those notions carried us back two centuries . Then , indeed , there might be grounds for apprehension , and these restrictions might be necessary . But now the 254 case was totally altered . This was the time to prevent the occurrence of the dangers that might result from a strict adherence to these disqualifications . When the danger actually came , the remedy would be far too late . He again disclaimed what was one of the ideas most foreign to his mind , that of being at issue with his sovereign . He was fully sensible of the many favours he had received at the hands of his sovereign ; and was grateful for those acts of royal munificence of which he had been the object : he was most sincerely impressed with the conviction on his mind , that his majesty had acted as he had done from the most truly conscientious feeling as to the propriety of the case , when he was graciously pleased to express his disapprobation of the measure . But , at the same time , he must , in duty to his colleagues and himself , declare , that he was convinced that they discharged a most important duty to their country , to their sovereign , and to the constitution of the empire , as well as to their own character , when they withheld their names from a paper of such a nature as that which was then the object of their lordships discussion . expressed his satisfaction that the discussion had been entered into , and he wished that every person from one end of the island to the other , should be informed of the true state of the question . An illustrious person , now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , had been alluded to ; he joined from the very bottom of his heart in all the praises which had been bestowed on him ; and so ardent was his attachment to the opinions of that great man , that he wished to make them the polar star of his life . He would now advert to a part of the conduct of that eminent character . When that distinguished man retired from office in 1800 , he had an opinion , that the passing of the catholic question was indispensable . But , on weighing that