, of a small tonnage , and not entirely laden with colonial produce . This representation , or the facts to which it relates , and the evident decline of our export of colonial produce , caused the restoration of the drawbacks and bounties to their old standard : but the channel of trade had 97 taken a new course , and a very material stimulus had been given to the cultivation of the Spanish and other rival colonies.—The duty on sugar had been increased at different times from 3s . 6d. , at which it stood about 60 years ago , to its present rate of 27s . per cwt. , with a further provisional tax hanging over it of 3s . per cwt . When the duty was only 3s 6d. , a writer of the name of Massy had computed , that 16s . per cwt . was an ample price for sugar at this market , and paid the planter a fair return upon his capital . I mention this , said Mr. H. , for the purpose of shewing how erroneously we judge , when we see a rapid and astonishing advance in the price of articles , and infer that the producer of them is growing rich in proportion to that advance ; for it now stood upon most respectable evidence , in a report upon the table of the house ( the Report of the Sugar Distillery Committee ) , that when the consumer at sugar paid for it 63s . per cwt. , not one shilling of that amount went into the pockets of the grower . It was in fact thus applied— s. d. To the revenue for duty 27 0 To the ship owner for freight 10 0 To the underwriters for insurance 3 6 To the docks , public offices , and to merchants and brokers for commission 3 0 To the Manufacturers for goods sent out , and to the curers of fish , provisions , & c. 13 0 To the island revenues for taxes , and to white servants , medical assistance , and other contingencies there ( ever and above the produce of rum ) 3 0 To America , for lumber and provisions from the United States , or from the northern British colonies 3 6 — — 63 0 so that , with the exception of a pittance that went to America for articles of the first necessity , the whole came directly into the pockets of various descriptions of British subjects , and circulated in every possible channel that could interest the capitalist , the manufacturer , and , the landholder.—He was ready to acknowledge that the magnitude and amount of the duty on the British consumption of sugar was a matter that could not be oppressive on the colonies , so long as a market , at a fair price , was found for their produce , so long as its consumption at home was not impeded , and that for its surplus , by 98 the aid of just drawbacks and bounties , a foreign vent was obtained ; but it must be evident , that , in the failure of such export , and in case a large and unusual quantity were thrown and forced upon the home consumption , the duty must , in such case , fall upon the grower , since the price he got must be that reduced price at which he could tempt an extra consumption of the article at home , even if it were by making it the food of cattle ; that in 1803 , a war duty of 4s . was added on this article , and the planters were assured that it must fall on the consumers , as the export trade would soon be freed from impediments . It happened , however , that the whole of that duty , aggravated additional charges , originating in the renewal of war , did fall upon the growers . In , fact , the duty must ever do so , unless a fair price , at the foreign market for