, had realized none of their magnificent promises . The present ministers however , humble and foolish as they were , would support the king and his prerogative . maintained that , if the late ministers had given the pledge demanded , they would have abandoned their duty , their honour , and the cause of the constitution and the country . There could be no doubt , that it was contrary to the constitution to give a pledge of this nature . It was impossible , in considering this question of pledges , not to advert to the claims of the Catholics , which had given rise to the difference between his majesty and his late ministers . He was of opinion , that the restrictions ought to be done away ; but at the same time , he was convinced , that this could not be done with advantage , without the consent of the parliament and of the king . He therefore thought it imprudent at present to agitate the question at all , as it only served to keep expectation alive , which was sure to meet with disappointment . He thought there- 418 fore , that the late ministers might have fairly told the Catholics , that they were friendly to their claims ; but , that there at present existed an obstacle , which it was impossible to remove , and that therefore it would be their interest to remain quiet for the present . He was sure the sensible part of the Catholics would feel the force of this reasoning , whatever might be the conduct of a few agitators in Dublin , whose speeches had been published . He concluded by declaring , that he felt himself bound by every sense of duty and of respect for the constitution , to support the original motion . observed , that , late as the hour was , he must state , as shortly as he could , the grounds on which he would support the present motion , which must , in his opinion , be voted for by every man , unless he was contented to go away with the impression that the constitution was completely overturned . He did not say that their lordships must feel themselves bound to vote for the first part of the motion , though he was grateful to his noble friend who proposed it ; but he must say , without affectation , that he regretted the dismissal of the late ministry , because they had a system in train , which was working for the best interests of the country . He said nothing of himself , but only looked at the talents of his colleagues , whose unwearied exertions and enlightened views , afforded the best hopes to the country : but if he regretted the loss which the country would sustain from their dismissal , he felt that regret doubled when he considered by whom they were succeeded . He did not mean any disrespect to them individually , but looked at their system , the grounds of their conduct , and the unconstitutional doctrines which they held . With regard to the origin of the difference between his majesty and his late ministers , he would not enter upon it , as he had stated it before , with the permission of his sovereign , and he felt it the less necessary , because that statement had not been shaken by any thing now said , though some attempts had been made , as on a former occasion , to garble and misrepresent it , by taking detached parts of it . A doubt had been expressed whether the draft of a dispatch should be laid before his majesty . He had had some experience in this way , had seen the practice of others , and consulted many documents ; and therefore he could state with confidence , that it was both a common method and the best method that 419 could be employed , because the king would be enabled to judge better by seeing the measure itself than by