it is not in the power of the commons to make inquiries before them upon oath . All that the house can judge of is the inconsistency . In my opinion , the petition of Mr. Paull ought to be declared false , scandalous , and malicious . This I say appears from the evidence ; and I may state that I form this opinion from that alone , not having been in any way connected with the election , nor did I ever see Mr. Paull , till I saw him at the bar of the house ; but I feel it my duty , as a member of the house , to support its character , its privileges , its justice , and its probity . Upon these grounds , I can not submit to pass unnoticed , a petition that would make this house a channel of injustice , for I feel a deep interest in supporting Mr. Grenville 's act , as it is one that characterizes the virtue of the house of commons . I never will sit by , tamely , and see , by a new mode and under false pretexts , the security and ends of its justice defeated or sapped in the very foundation . With the leave of the 154 house , therefore , I shall submit a motion , which , when agreed to , I shall follow up with another respecting Mr. Drake , whose prevarications have been most eminently conspicuous . The hon . gent . then concluded with moving , `` That the allegations contained in the said petition are false and scandalous . '' said , he had all along acted in this business from a sense of justice and propriety , and a firm belief that the witnesses to be adduced in support of the allegations in the petition , would have clearly and consistently proved them ; and though he would not say that the whole of the witnesses had been consistent , or had given their testimony without some difference , yet he thought enough had been proved , by consistent testimony , to sustain the allegations in the petition , in such a manner as to vindicate Mr. Paull , and the agents who acted confidentially for him , against the charge of conspiracy alledged by the hon . member who last spoke Of the character or testimony of Weatherhead , he did not wish to say much ; but he thought hat a weak cause , the defence of which rested upon no other ground than that of impeaching the characters of those who came forward to give testimony against it . If , however , it could be shewn , from the evidence itself , that there was in it no such inconsistency as that now alledged , he hoped that it would be admitted , that the arguments of the hon . gent . must , in a great measure , fall to the ground . Laying no stress at all on the testimony of Weatherhead , he yet was of opinion , that the evidence of Drake was consistent with itself , in all its parts . He was examined and cross-examined at the bar of that house , by men of the first talents in the country : and , except in a point or two of no importance , he could find no inconsistency in his evidence . The hon . gent . who last spoke , had assumed in the first instance , that the letter which had been mentioned as written by Mr. Sheridan , and in the hands of Emanuel Harris , was a forgery . This however , did not appear from any evidence before the house . If it really was a forgery , certainly Drake must be guilty of the most criminal conduct : but was it possible , if that were the case , that he should be so anxious for the production of a letter which must have furnished evidence against himself ? The hon . gent . too , had endeavoured to implicate Mr. Powell ,