not only of reproducing the same measure , but perhaps some further measures of a similar nature . How could it be imagined his majesty could listen to such proposals , when it was known , perfectly well known , that the opinions of the sovereign upon these points were immutable ? It might naturally occur to his majesty , that the same measure might be again proposed to him at a time when perhaps it might not be equally in his power to resist it . How natural then was it for him to demand an assurance from his ministers , that they would no longer think of any such measure ; but that so far they would allow his feelings and his conscience to remain undisturbed ? That assurance the late ministers refused to grant , and their refusal made it necessary for his majesty to dismiss them . Much had been said about secret advisers on this occasion , and it was contended , that the sovereign could do nothing without responsible advisers . This might be the case ; but it was impossible to make that true which was false , or give existence to what no where existed . Would it be attempted to make the present ministers responsible for measures that were taken before they came into office ? But if the measure for which it was wished to fix responsibility upon them referred to the late change of administration , he trusted the present ministers would not shrink from it ; for it was the only line of conduct which the sovereign could , under such circumstances , adopt , consistently with his ease and dignity . The noble marquis contended that his motion was necessarily connected with the preservation of the constitution in its purity . He was as desirous as the noble marquis could be to vindicate that purity of the constitution , and therefore he should contend against putting any constraint on the free exercise of the prerogative , which , in his 354 opinion , was equally inconsistent with the purity of the constitution . On these grounds , he should move the previous question . expressed his deep regret at the change which had taken place in his majesty 's councils , and lamented that a cry should have been set up which could only tend to revive religious dissensions , and produce the most deplorable consequences , and for which there was not the slightest reason arising out of the conduct of the late ministers . Those ministers , anxious , from the best motives of policy , that the whole population of the empire should be effective towards its defence , wished to extend the provisions of the bill passed in the Irish parliament in 1793 , to this country . They afterwards found that if merely that measure was adopted , dissenters would be excluded from those privileges which were granted to Catholics ; it was therefore deemed necessary to include dissenters , and open the army and navy to both classes . With respect to the act of 1793 , he had understood , from what had been said by a noble lord ( Buckinghamshire ) , who was then secretary in Ireland , that it was at that period intended to extend the provisions of the bill to this country , and that the bill itself was understood to extend to the navy . [ The earl of Buckinghamshire said no , no . ] He had understood that to be the case . observed , that what he had stated , and which he was authorized at the time to state , in addition to the objects of the then intended bill with respect to Ireland , was , that it was the intention of his majesty 's then ministers to propose a similar measure in this country ; but certainly the bill of 1793 was not intended to extend , nor did he ever understand it to extend , to the navy . resumed . It had , he said , been the opinion of several able lawyers , that the