it incumbent upon them , in honour and in duty , then , as now , to decline . At the same time , however , that I state this with respect to their opinions and principles , I will not attempt to deny , that great difficulties were known to stand in the way of further concessions to the catholics of England and Ireland . And as his majesty 's late ministers came into administration totally unfettered upon all subjects , I can speak for every individual among them , that they had a sincere and anxious desire , while they 264 conducted the government in conformity to their own principles , and with the best wishes for the interests of the state , to avoid , if possible , every thing that was repugnant to any of those feelings and opinions , which , upon every motive of duty , affection , and attachment , they were most bound to respect . Sir , these were the principles upon which those who composed the last administration came into power : their opinions upon the catholic question were well known ; but they hoped , by a prudent , lenient , and conciliatory system of government , to keep that question for some time at rest : and , for a considerable period , their hopes and expectations were flattered with every appearance of success . However sir , towards the latter end of the last year , there did occur circumstances in the west of Ireland , which increased all the anxiety , with which , from their first introduction to office , they had directed their attention to that country : a most valuable , but , I am afraid I must add , the most vulnerable part of the British dominions . The disturbances , which towards the end of last year reigned in the west , engaged our most anxious deliberations , and although we were urged by many persons , who are fonder of the policy of force than I am , to resort to measures of extraordinary severity ; although , on the second day * of the present session , we were eagerly pressed by an hon . and learned gent. , who was impatient for rigour , and could not wait for the determination of his majesty 's ministers ; yet , to effect the reduction of that spirit which prevailed in Ireland , we determined * Upon the report of the Address , 20th December last , Mr. Perceval , among other observations , urged these : `` No mention had been made of the state of Ireland . He trusted that this silence might be ascribed to the total want of foundation for the alarming rumours that had reached this country . Ministers must unquestionably be the judges how far the usual prerogatives of the crown were sufficient to suppress insurrection or rebellion , in whatever quarter it might appear ; the decision rested with them : he only begged them to consider , that the protraction of the necessary day of punishment was not mercy ; and the delay which allowed insurrection to proceed , until it became impossible to quell it without a considerable shedding of blood , was not kindness . He hoped that the omission of any notice of the situation of the sister island , was occasioned by the absence of any necessity for an extraordinary exertion of the law . Should such a necessity unfortunately arise , and should ministers call on the house for an enlargement of the executive power , he could assure them that they should meet with no opposition on his part to any proper measure of vigour , which they might think it expedient to propose , '' — See vol . s , p. 87 . 265 to confide in an active exertion of the known powers of the law ; and , thank God , our hopes in this respect were realized , without recurring to those severities , which less politic and more intemperate advisers had wished to recommend . But , sir , after