the right hon . gent . return to his ancient profession , to bring forward a special plea ? The bill was laid down by his noble friend , and no one had manifested the least inclination to take it up . Therefore it had been abandoned ; although still , technically , before the house.—After some remarks upon the right hon . gent . 's predilection for politics , and his preference of that line to the profession to which he had been brought up , the hon . member proceeded to comment upon the coronation oath , and refuted the idea , that to concede farther to the Catholics would involve a violation of that oath , by stating , that long after that was settled , Catholics had seats in that house . The right hon . gent . had talked of the Reformation , but if the principles for which he contended had been formerly maintained , that reformation would never have been accomplished . He ( Mr. W. ) was as zealous a Protestant as any man , but it was no part of his faith to consign thousands to a premature grave ; and to persecute , in any form , was not the religion he professed : Did the right hon . gent . remember the flames which only a few years ago spread destruction in the capital , and did he mean to circulate his advertisements , to revive the expiring embers ? The question as applied to lord Melville , was not , if he , being acquitted , was admissible to the royal councils , but if he , with the resolutions of the house of commons against him , could be consistently placed in that situation of confidence . If this 338 introduction of his lordship was advised by the present ministers , they had advised that which was extremely disrespectful to the house . When it was proposed to address the throne , praying that his majesty would dismiss lord Melville from his presence and councils for ever , Mr. Pitt said , that it was giving unnecessary pain to an individual already sufficiently afflicted , since , as long as the resolutions of the house remained on the journals , he could not be received into the confidence of the sovereign . He ( Mr. W. ) put this situation to an indignant house , and to an indignant people . What prospect of advantage parliament could have with ministers acting under such discordant principles upon a matter of vital importance , he would leave to others to determine . It had been said , that this was not intended as a solitary vote . No doubt it was not : it must be followed up , and quickly too , by other resolutions . It had been objected that the house should interpose on this occasion . But it was neither unusual nor unconstitutional for it to interfere , and give its advice to the crown in affairs of such high importance . He entertained a high respect for most of the members of the late administration ; but whatever might be his opinion of them , the question was not now who should be minister , but how we should best uphold the British constitution . said , that at the time the pledge was demanded from his majesty 's late ministers , there could be no responsible advisers . If then , there were no advisers , what were those who supported the motion doing , but trying his majesty 's conduct at the bar of the house ? [ Loud cry of question ! Question . ] observed that the impatience which was exhibited to come to a decision , would induce him to occupy as little of the time of the house as possible . Some things , however , had passed , which he thought himself bound to notice . The allusions which had been made to lord Melville , he maintained , were not foreign to the discussion . The hon . baronet under the gallery ( sir Peter Murray