and falsehood.—My lords , there is no foundation , no not the smallest , for either of the charges ; though I readily admit that if statesmen ought to have no views but to preserve their places , they acted improperly . Your lordships very well know that in 1793 , the remainder of that long volume of penal and disabling statutes which vexed the Roman Catholics of Ireland for so many ages , was extinguished by an act of great beneficence and wisdom of the king now upon the throne ; an act which I trust to the manly and honest character of the Irish people always to remember , and the memory of which , I trust , will for ever induce them to impute only acts of grace and benevolence to his majesty , and resolutions of eternal exclusion to advisers who abuse their trusts . That act of 1793 , which was an act only of the Irish parliament , threw open the whole bosom of civil and military establishment in Ireland to that immense majority of people ; with certain exceptions , however , which , I have no doubt , under all the circumstances of that time , were just and reasonable ; but which , nevertheless , could not but create great difficulties in the future application of any indulgences to be granted upon an union between the two kingdoms . I am speaking against myself , my lords , in this admission.—The Irish act continued for 14 years without a single danger or disadvantage which can be stated , and several years had also passed since the union , without the extension of it to other parts of the empire . That extension , my lords , like almost all changes in human policy and government , was forced upon the consideration of the late ministers , not so much by the claims of the Catholics , as by the peculiar crisis in which they were called to the administration of public affairs . The crisis was alarming , and indeed , in every respect , unexampled . Amidst a series , however , of distressing events , a prospect suddenly seemed to open , of yet delivering Europe , 357 not only by rational combinations of her own powers against the common enemy to her repose and independence , but by balancing her conquests in the most distant parts of the world . But , unhappily , my lords , our population kept no pace with our other capacities for these grand and useful projects , except by bringing into action our whole national force . Our fleets and armies must long ago have failed , but from the great nursery of Ireland ; and the great majority of Ireland was Catholic : catholic from all time , and not from any acts which our wisdom or prudence could controul or alter . This , my lords , was the consideration which led to the introduction of the bill which has raised such a clamour , and which has produced such consequences . It was to extend to England , now united with Ireland , the services of the Catholics in the defence of the whole empire , which his majesty , with the advice of the parliament of Ireland , had sanctioned , whilst it was an independent kingdom , which had been productive of so many advantages , and to which no objection was on foot any where . But difficulties stood in the way of the mere strict extension of that statute to Great Britain . The English Test act would have shut out the Protestant Dissenters , whilst the army and navy , from the effect of the extension , would have been laid open to the Roman Catholics . But what , I confess , struck my mind most forcibly , ( though I was no party to any part of the measure , ) was , that to open a profession to honourable men upon the principle of liberal trust and confidence , and yet to set up a bar against its highest honours and