consequences of such a measure ; but as it evidently sprang from the root of undissembled piety and humanity , it should not be supposed to be productive of evil ; but , on the contrary , that it must be healing and beneficial to mankind . could not let slip this last opportunity of entering his protest against the bill ; he must therefore repeat some of his former objections to it , though he was aware that the repetition must in some degree be irksome to the house . At least he must remind them that one More occasion presented itself to allow them to rectify their opinions , which they should be the more induced to do from the awful warning contained in the petition which he had that day laid on their lordship 's table . From that petition they might collect the dreadful consequences which even the resolutions of last year were producing in Jamaica . Every thing there seemed to indicate the approach of an organised insurrection , which might receive a new stimulus and encouragement from the bill now on the eve of passing . It , therefore , called again for the most serious consideration of their lordships , and that consideration would 170 shew them that the proposed clauses involved the greatest inconsistencies , absurdities , and even impossibilities . As to the preamble , nothing could reconcile him to it . No good could be expected from it , while it might be attended with much mischief : he was , therefore , for leaving it out altogether . As to the consequences of the measure , they certainly appeared to him most alarming . If ever St. Domingo and Cuba were in the hands of our enemies , and if they resolved to carry on this trade , that alarm would prove but too well founded . He would even venture to say , that it was to the existence of the slave trade that their lordships were indebted for their being now sitting in that house . Our existence depended on the strength of our navy , and the strength of our navy was chiefly derived from the slave trade . Their lordships must be convinced of it , if they but reflected that the town of Liverpool alone now sent out a greater number of privateers than were employed by the whole of the country against the enemy , in the time of Queen Elizabeth . disapproved of the clauses , and contended , that the preamble contained a gross calumny . was not very anxious on former ocasions to support the measure of the abolition ; because he knew that many of those who were loudest in its praise , were far from being sincere in their wishes for its success . Now , however , when it was taken up by ministers who had his confidence , and , who , he was satisfied , were incapable of any duplicity , the bill should have his most cordial support , and he should rejoice to see it pass.—The question was now put on the several amendments , and agreed to.—Lord Grenville then moved , that the bill , with the amendments , & c. as agreed to , be sent to the commons , and on the motion being agreed to , —his lordship again rose , and congratulated the house on having now performed one of the most glorious acts that had ever been done by any assembly of any nation in the world . A message from the lords , announced their lordships ' assent to the mutiny bill , and the sugar drawback.— Mr Whitbread observing that he had on a former evening stated it as his opinion that W. Drake had not received his wound in the battle of Camperdown , declared that a do . 171 cument had since been put into his hands , by which it was proved that that person had actually lost his leg from a hurt received in that action . This document was a letter from captain Bligh of the Director , to Mr.