was made by lord Hutchinson for the particular exigencies of the army and the fortresses in Silesia . He conceived the cause of the misunderstanding , that this advance was the commencement of a subsidy , arose from its having been mentioned in the message from his majesty communicating the intelligence of the treaty of peace with the king of Prussia . But there was nothing of subsidy in the treaty , the advance had been made in consequence of a discretionary power given to lord Hutchinson , whose discretion could not be doubted in case any particular emergency required such a grant or any particular services could be effected by it . This advance had had great effect in preventing the progress of the enemy in the quarter in which it had been applied . He agreed with the hon . gent . that in making future treaties of subsidy , we ought to be regulated by past experience , and that our advantages ought to be regulated by the benefits , which according to past experience , we might reasonably hope to receive . under the explanation that had been given , had no objection to make good the advance that had been made by lord Hutchinson . He was pleased with the assurance given by the noble lord , that in future treaties of subsidy past experience would be made the guide , and that vast sums would not be advanced without any certain benefit . said , that lord Hutchinson had a discretionary power to make advances in case of any pressing emergency , and he was sure every person would agree that such a discretion could not be placed in better hands . There was no treaty of subsidy But he would not have the house go away with the idea that government was precluded from granting a subsidy , if circumstances should render it desirable . He agreed that many of the former subsidies were must unwise in principle , and most unproductive in even . But every case depended upon its own circumstances . A principle of caution ought always to be applied , to prevent the advances from being made unnecessarily , or incautiously , so as to hazard a risk , that no benefit would be derived . He dissapproved of all subsidies which would hold out English money to induce foreign powers to enter into war without any objects of their own . But when they were engaged , or ready to engage , for common interests , he thought it would be very wrong not to hold ourselves at liberty to second and support them . He allowed that past experience ought to be 23 made the rule of our conduct with regard to future treaties ; but not so far as to prevent us from entering into such treaties.—The resolution was then agreed to . moved the order of the day for taking into further consideration the Petition of James Paull , Esq. , complaining of undue tampering with the witnesses summoned to give evidence before the committee , about to be appointed to try the merits of the late Election for Westminster . [ See in vol . S , the proceedings of the 26th of February and the 2d of March . ] said , that by the forms of the house , a witness could not stay in the house during the examination of the witnesses . He had summoned Mr. Paull as a witness , but he begged to state that he had no objection to his remaining at the bar the whole time of the proccedings—The counsel for the petitioner were then called in , and addressed the house as follows : — '' Mr. Speaker ; I now proceed to discharge the duty which , under the indulgence of the house , I have been permitted to reserve for this day , in stating the petition of Mr. Paull and the evidence in support of it , and , sir , with every grateful acknowledgments to the house for the indulgence I have experienced , I must , at the same time