with singular propriety adverted to that noble lord in the language of reproach on that day , when it was well known that he had power to grant a considerable office in reversion , and yet that the only use he made of it was to abstain from exercising a privilege which had been used by every one who preceded him . That noble lord had already laid down in practice what it was now proposed to lay down in theory , and therefore the hon . gent 's . allusion was peculiarly well timed . When he approved of the resolutions now moved , he ought to recollect that Lord Grenville had already acted upon the principle . It was not therefore by those who followed the practice of granting offices in reversion , that the resolution was loudly approved of , notwithstanding the hon . gent 's . insinuation , but by those who abstained from it . said , he so fully coincided in the propriety of the resolution now before the house , and felt it so necessary to counteract a system so mischievous as that which had been alluded to this night , that he should now give notice , that he would to-morrow move an humble address to his majesty , praying , that he would be graciously pleased not to grant any place in the duchy of Lancaster , or elsewhere , for life , which had hitherto been usually held by the possessors during his majesty 's pleasure . ( Hear ! hear ! from all parts of the house . ) disapproved of the bringing forward this resolution at present ; because he thought it looked very suspicious , and had the appearance of being intended to restrict the new government . In the absence of all those , who , according to report , were to have a share in that government , it was not proper to press it . No notice had been given of it , that must necessarily have reached them . At all events , though it should pass at present , that must not be considered as a pledge to support the bill . as a member of the committee , felt himself called upon to say a few words on the present occasion . As the hon . general had insinuated that this motion had 184 been brought forward with a view to recent and present circumstances , he begged leave to inform that hon . general and the house , that the subject , respecting the grant of places in reversion , had been the first to which the attention of the committee had been directed . It had been several times under discussion , and the last time their attention had been called to it , it was warmly supported by an hon . gent . who was likely to have a place under the new arrangement . The insinuation , that this resolution was intended as a restriction on the persons included in the new arrangement , appeared to him extraordinary , as coming from an hon . gent . professing himself the friend of those members . in explanation , disclaimed any intention to throw any imputation whatever upon the committee . He had only said , that the manner in which the resolution had been brought forward and argued , excited in his mind a suspicion that it was intended as a restriction on the new arrangement . observed that the hon . general certainly had not thrown , by his speech , any censure upon the measure now proposed ; but he had thrown a very severe imputation upon his friends in the new administration ; and one for which he believed at least , they would be very little obliged to the zeal of the hon . general . For his own part , though the new ministers were about to occupy those places from which himself and his colleagues must shortly retreat , yet he had so little of political animosity towards them , that he was unwilling to impute to them any such intentions