result in regard to the happiness of individuals , betwixt the one society and the other , I may assert that , of acts of cruelty and oppression which stain the character of those who commit , and increase the misery of those who suffer them , more instances occur in the cities of London and Westminster in one week , than in one month in the whole island of Jamaica.—The hon gent . has somewhere alleged , that the circumstances of slaves often purchasing their freedom with the money they save , is an indisputable proof that they are miserable in a state of slavery . Sir , a slave , like an English labourer , looks upon a liberation from labour as his sovereign good . It does not follow that he is the happier for having attained it ; but it is something to know that these ill-treated slaves do yet frequently save property enough wherewith to purchase their freedom.— 125 Most sincerely do I wish that , respecting the treatment of negroes , either in one island or in one insulated district , an experiment had been made at the expense of government , and upon the maxims of the abolitionists , and that it might have been seen how tar the voluntary services of African negroes could have been obtained , and industry and happiness have been advantageously promoted , under a system essentially differing from that which prevails in our colonies . We should then have proceeded upon sound and safe principles , to innovate upon that which , however imperfect , has conduced hitherto to their prosperity.—The hon . gent . will not admit my supposition that our needful supply ( if the dread of abolition were removed ) would become very trifling , in comparison with the numbers now in our islands ; for he contends that we still desire slaves , for the purpose of extending our cultivation indefinitely , not recollecting how little likely it is that cultivation should be further extended , under the existing discouraging markets for produce ; and I have not been surprised , sir , to hear , at the same time , the present distress of the West India trade urged as an argument in favour of the abolition . The abolition , says an hon . gent ( Mr. Jacob ) , will prove a blessing to you , for it will lessen that produce of which you now import too much ; while the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , opposite to me , who had been told by me , that , in opening the case of the West India trade , I should not think it necessary to allude in the most distant manner to this question , and who seemed to approve the distinction , did , upon that occasion , and when I could not reply to him , apply the whole of that case to this question , and expressed his satisfaction that the postponement of this debate had given him an opportunity of previously hearing our case stated , since now it must appear , that 'it was not to the Abolition of the Slave trade that could be imputed the distresses of the colonists . ' Sir , I can not so well answer these extraordinary arguments as by recalling to the memory of the house that there have been periods when , for two or three successive years , those useful and valuable establishments , the public breweries of this country , have been admitted to be unprotable and even losing concerns ; and we will suppose that in such circumstances the brewers had found it necessary to lay their case before parliament , requiring some legislative measure for their relief ; what should we think of the states- 126 man , who , on such an occasion , should say , sell your drays and your horses , turn away your men , use less malt and hops , pay us less duty , and that will relieve you : or should some hon . gent . in this house