none could be laid , as they had not as yet arrived . One year 's accounts might , indeed , have been made out , and it was his intention to have brought forward these , as might be recollected from the notice he had given . But when he found that he was immediately to have a Successor , and that , in fact , for some days past , he only held the office as a locum tenens , he thought that it would be more proper , under all the circumstances , not to take the affair out of the hands of others . He trusted it would not be thought that there was any neglect on his part . There were none arrived but the accounts to which he had adverted . and these he supposed were not those to which his hon . friend had referred in his question As to the question respecting the transaction at Vellore , the East India board was in possession of authentic documents relative to that point , which would enable them to form a complete judgment upon the 194 whole affair . As to the third question , relative to the situation of the Carnatic , he could assure his hon . friend , that his private information was wrong . No application had been made for troops to general Maitland by the Madras government . There was one general , indeed , who finding himself in difficult circumstances had applied to the governor of Ceylon for some troops , but no regular advices on this subject had arrived from India . General Maitland , with that attention to his duty , and to the interests of his country , for which he was distinguished , had taken the first opportunity of sending the earliest notice of the state of India , but no regular advices had come from India itself . As to the affair at Vellore , if a motion was made for laying any information on that point before the house , the board of controul would , of course , judge how far it would be prudent to comply . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit his motion to the house ; and he had to regret that this task had not fallen into abler hands . He felt that he had little claim to the consideration of the house , and trusted that some gentleman of greater talents would come forward to support the question which he looked upon it as his duty to bring under the consideration of the house . But before he should enter into the grounds of his motion , or of the propriety of bringing it forward , he wished to clear away every suspicion that he was actuated by any motives of hostility towards the right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) who was the object of it . With that gentleman he had the pleasure and the honour of being long acquainted , and he entertained the highest respect for his abilities and character . Much as he was attached to the honourable persons who composed his majesty 's late administration , he could assure the house , that in bringing forward this motion , he was actuated by no party motive . He wished also to shew , that in doing this , he was not doing any thing that would trench upon the prerogative of the crown . From the year 1660 to the present time , there appeared but two instances in which the office of chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster , to which his motion particularly applied , had been granted for life . The result of the inquiry , which he had been able to make upon so short a notice was , that it had not in any other instance been granted for life within that period of 147 years . This would satisfy the 195 house that his motion for an address , that his majesty would be graciously pleased to grant this place according to the usual practice , would