really meant , about which , after the doubts it had been involved in by this debate , their constituents would naturally be anxious to enquire , the hon . gent . proceeded to observe upon the explanation which the house had heard of the conduct of the late ministers . That explanation , which was in his mind perfectly satisfactory , and which was strengthened by what had been said this night by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , was imperiously called for by the misrepresentation of their conduct and views , which had been so industriously circulated by the publications of a pseudo `` Protestant , '' in a morning paper , who had evinced as much bigotry as ever prejudice had ascribed to a Catholic , and particularly by the manner in which the minutes of the cabinet had been communicated to the public . These considerations , combined with the address of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , to his constituents , tending as they did to calumniate their own character , but still more to revive the cry of `` No Popery , '' which had produced such calamitous scenes in 1780 , rendered the explanations referred to peculiarly desirable , and he had no doubt of their having had a most salutary operation . With regard to the conduct of the right hon . ( not `` learned '' ) gent. , for he was no longer `` learned ; '' it appeared that he held himself forth as the champion of the church , proclaiming that he had quitted his profession to save it from danger . If the right hon . gent . really felt so much anxiety for the interests and safety of the church , how , he would ask him , could he feel in his present company ? One of his colleagues , the noble minister for the war department ( lord Castlereagh ) , was pledged to promote the claims of the Catholics whether in or out of office , though that noble lord knew the danger which might arise , and as the old story went , that `` the Catholics , might again wash their hands in Protestant blood . '' What Christian charity must the right hon . gent . have , under such circumstances , to associate with such a colleague ! But there was another instance in which the right hon . gent . did not feel quite so much alarm as to the Catholics , or so much objection to their advocates , and that was during the administration of Mr. Pitt , who was also pledged to the Catholics . At that time , 337 however ; it did not suit the right hon . gent . 's convenience to raise the cry of the church is in danger . Reverting to the pledges of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , the hon : member alluded particularly to the paper circulated by the Irish government , which explicitly pledged that noble lord to support the claims of the Catholics . [ Lord Castlereagh across the table—Never , never so pledged . ] The hon . gent . resumed and stated that his observation was founded on general rumour . If , however , the noble lord did not sign such a paper , the rumour must be groundless . But it was to be recollected , that although existence of such a pledge had been often asserted in that house , it never was contradicted before , and certainly Mr. Pitt never disavowed it ; and he , as well as lord Cornwallis and the noble secretary of state , were understood to be included in it.—The hon . member again took notice of the right hon . gent . 's endeavour to raise the cry of the church in danger , even after the bill was dropped and the danger had cased.— [ No , said Mr. Perceval , across the table , for the bill is still before the house . ] What ! continued Mr. Whitbread , does