2,000l . in the experiment to become a tolerable chancellor of the exchequer . It was a sacrifice which the house did not wish the right hon . gentleman to make , but rather that he would keep both his emoluments and his profession ; and to those who gave him a contrary counsel , well might he exclaim , `` Oh , save me from my friends , I can myself take care of my enemies ! '' with respect to the comparison made between the right hon . gentleman and lord Ashburton , the cases were totally different . That gentleman , when Mr. Dunning , was at the top of a profession , of which he was the ornament , when he was called up to the house of peers without a place ; and if the duchy of Lancaster had not been assigned him , he must have had for his support a pension from the public purse . He , however , accepted the situation for life , on the condition of relinquishing it , so soon as the great object of his professional views was open , namely , the Chief Justiceship of the King 's Bench ; but , notwithstanding the sneers which had been cast this night upon that noble lord , in allusion to his parliamentary conduct , in bringing forward a resolution , `` that the influence of the crown had `` increased , was increasing , and ought to `` be diminished , '' he thought the circumstance highly honourable to his character , and such as ought not to deprive him of the favour of his sovereign , for only wishing to curb that increasing influence of the ministers of the crown , which added nothing to the comforts , the honour , or the authority of the monarch . And he thought the crown more faithfully and honourably served by the men , such as him , who brought forward this resolution , and that they were more truly the supporters of the constitutional prerogatives of the sovereign , than the men who could advise the measure now in 212 debate . It was extremely painful to him to make any comparisons that might be thought to wear an invidious aspect to the right . hon . gentleman , but he recollected that ever since he was a member of that house he was mostly in office . He had been Attorney General under Mr. Pitt , and Solicitor General under lord Sidmouth ; and here he begged leave to pay his tribute of praise to the upright , pure , and honourable conduct of that noble lord , as it had been explained this night , when under the administration of Mr. Pitt , he might have had the place for life , which it was now in contemplation to confer upon the new chancellor of the exchequer , had his honourable scruples permitted him to become the instrument of limitation to the prerogative and constitutional influence of his royal master . During the short period of the learned gentleman 's opposition , the air of this side of the house did not seem to agree with him , and he was now got back to the balmy and blissful atmosphere of the Treasury Bench.—The honourable member had asked , will you deprive his majesty of the learned gentleman 's services in that office for which he had been thought qualified ? Now really he was of opinion , that if gentlemen on the opposite side possessed any thing at all , they were swarming with chancellors of the exchequer , ( a laugh . ) Even a noble lord and a gallant general had lately proposed their plans of finance to the house ; why not make either of them chancellors of the exchequer ? Why not make the gallant general attorney-general ? ( a laugh . ) —Among all their financiers , not one could be found to fill the office , but a gentleman who , though a very frequent speaker in the house , had never , to his knowledge , uttered