provision of compensation , not merely for property taken away , but for losses to be sustained . How , let me ask , did such a clause find its way into that bill ? His Majesty 's approbation for the consideration of the subject was certainly first obtained , and then the house did , upon deliberation , see the policy and the justice of admitting that provision . Why then , in 129 the name of justice , has even a deliberation upon the question , as applied to this bill , been denied to us ? We are assured that we shall sustain no injury , and , on the contrary , that the colonies are to be greatly benefited by the abolition . Are they sincere who advance this opinion ( Messrs. Wilberforce , Jacob , & c. & c. ) ? Then , sir , at how cheap a rate might they , in this instance , have the grace of relieving apprehensions , of removing objections , and of connecting a measure certainly of innovation and violence with a display of uniform and consistent justice ! But , on the other hand , we are told , take care how you admit any consideration of compensation , for the whole revenue of England might not suffice for the claims it would occasion . Are they sincere who advance this opinion ( Mr. Whitbread ) ? Then how cautious should we be of incurring a loss of such magnitude , that the whole revenue of the country may be too little to make it good . l am aware that those who maintain this last opinion have alledged , that compensation may be demanded for voluntary and exaggerated losses , and for a sacrifice of extravagantly computed prospective profits . Sir , there could be no such dangers incurred under a clause wisely restricted to real and substantial losses—a clause framed with reference to precedents that already exist in the statute-book , and expressed in terms of additional precaution , suggested by the present case . Is it pretended , sir , that this bill can operate without unmerited injury to individuals ? or does the house adopt the sentiments which I heard , with the utmost surprise , fall from an hon . baronet ? —sentiments which did appear to me so extraordinary and objectionable , that I can not express myself freely concerning them , unless the hon . baronet ( sir P. Francis ) be present . And now , sir , seeing him present , I shall state what I understood him to pronounce as his deliberate opinion ( referring not to slave traders on the coast of Africa , but to the West India planters and merchants ) ; and if I heard him right , it was , that no person who had been concerned in a trade which parliament has recently declared to be contrary to justice , humanity , and sound policy , can , in respect of losses sustained in that trade , make out to parliament a case that ought to be heard for compensation . The hon . baronet thus puts out of the protection of the law a large class of British subjects , who can plead a long series of ancient statutes as their authority , and whose claim is precisely founded on the re- 130 versal of those statutes . Understanding this to be the hon . baronet 's opinion ( he will correct me if I have mistaken it ) , I must say , that it is an opinion repugnant to every principle of justice , humanity , and sound policy.—One ill effect that must result from passing the bill , thus unqualified , we shall surely experience , in the discouragement it will cast upon the commercial spirit of the country . What have merchant adventurers to trust to but written laws ? They can not call into question whether the legislators who passed those laws were more or less well informed , and had or had not the fullest lights upon the subject . Sir , twenty-five