preferment , which was not already open to him under his own government . However lightly other ministers had broken their pledges to the catholics , he and his colleagues were not in the habit of giving pledges without the intention of performing them : so neither could they reconcile themselves to the expedient policy now recommended by the noble viscount . They thought the bill proposed a measure at once much less grating to the royal feelings , and calculated to conciliate the catholics , and to prevent the discussion of the petition they were preparing to bring forward . The noble lord then proceeded to vindicate the conduct of himself and his colleagues , in declining to bind themselves by a pledge to refrain in future from giving any advice to his majesty which they thought it their duty to give , either upon this or upon any other topic , as a pledge violatory to the constitution , to their duty , and to their oaths ; and he declared that , if 258 their successors had accepted their places under any such restriction , they had abandoned their duty , and with it the security of the most vulnerable part of the empire . explained , by denying that the present ministers had bound themselves by any such pledge : he said , if his majesty 's late ministers thought their own opinions right , they did right to support them ; and if they found those opinions positively resisted by his majesty , it was their duty to resign their situations . to explain the principles that were in the contemplation of government , in 1801 , respecting any further concessions to the catholics ; which , he said , were nothing more than to pass a bill in the English parliament , adopting the same principle as the bill passed by the Irish parliament , for throwing open the subordinate ranks of the army , under that of staff officers , to catholics : and without which the Irish bill would have no operation out of Ireland . It could have no operation whatever in respect to the navy . Farther than this he never could consent to go . He was well aware , that the impossibility of rising to all the advantages of the military profession must considerably damp the ardour of an officer ; and though he could see no great objection , nor mischief , from giving to Catholic officers staff-rank in any other country than Ireland , yet there he conceived it exceedingly dangerous , and nothing could ever shake his opinion upon this point . The Irish parliament never would have consented to such a measure , and this parliament would do well to pause before they ventured to carry concession so much farther than the parliament who well understood the subject . said , he considered the subject of the Catholic Ques- 259 tion as completely irrelevant as any other whatever , to the late change in his majesty 's councils , although it happened to be the subject which led to such a conjuncture . Although a member of the late government , he was decidedly adverse to the measure , and should not have advised it , because he did not see the political necessity for it which had induced the great majority of his colleagues to recommend it to his majesty , yet he thought they were highly commendable , and only doing their duty in giving his majesty such advice as they in their conscience thought just ; as well as in declining to be bound by any pledge to refrain from giving to their sovereign upon this , or any subject , such advice as they conceived to be just . The firmness with which his majesty had maintained his own conscientious opinions , by resisting the bill in the extent to which it went , had also his respectful approbation ; but he must say , that his colleagues did right in declining to be bound never again to advise the measure under any possible pressure of circumstances . At the