He could say the same as to Monte Video ; and he greatly feared the next thirteen months would not be marked by any such splendid and important acquirements , from the combined talents and wisdom of the new and untried ministry . He was extremely sorry to find that attempts had been made to rouse the efforts of bigotry and superstition , and to re-kindle the flames of religious animosities . If there were those now in being who would carry those baneful and destructive passions into the very bosom and seats of learning , and would wish to revive the brilliant exploits of the dark and barbarous ages , let the effects to be produced by them rest on their own heads . This , he believed , was the first time that secret advisers of the king had brought on the downfall of an administration which enjoyed the confidence of the country , since the time of that great statesman lord Chatham , who had declared , that there was a power behind the throne , greater than the throne itself . Yet before his administration was in a similar manner overturned , that great and immortal character had laid the foundation of drawing into the service of the country a large body of the subjects of the state , against whom as many and as violent prejudices existed as did now against the Catholics of Ireland . During a long time antecedent to his glorious administration , the war-whoop and cry of the country had been loudly and constantly raised against the jacobites in the north of Scotland . When that illustrious statesman came into office , he found the army in a state of decay—and how did he raise it ? Not by fomenting the prejudices which were then so prevalent , but by calling those very jacobites into the service . He from their ranks recruited the ranks of the army : and a braver or more loyal set of men never fought with more energy and constancy the battles 389 of their country . Such , he had no doubt , would be the case of the Catholics of Ireland , if confidence were placed in them , and opportunities given them to shew their gratitude and attachment . For their endeavours to effect this great national purpose , he considered the late ministers as entitled to the highest praise , and as such the present motion had his hearty support . said , that the motion of the noble baron had relieved him from a considerable degree of difficulty . He could not have concurred in giving a negative to a resolution which expressed regret at the late change in his majesty 's government , and which also stated the impropriety of acceding to any pledge , that might fetter the conduct of ministers in the discharge of their public duty . To the previous question he should have objected , because he was of opinion , that such a proposition as that brought forward by the noble marquis ( Stafford ) ought not to be entertained under any circumstances ; and it therefore appeared to him , that the proper mode of disposing of it , was by a vote of adjournment.—The resolution proposed by the noble marquis must be considered as arising out of the discussion which immediately preceded the Easter recess , and the renewal of it only served to increase the regret which he had felt at the time , and ever since , that such a discussion should have taken place . Every allowance was however to be made for the situation and feelings of the noble baron ( Grenville ) , by whom the explanation had been then given . The circumstances , which occasioned it , were new , and extraordinary : a mutilated extract of a cabinet minute had appeared in a public paper , even previous to the change of government ; and no efforts had been spared to place the conduct of the noble baron in the most unfavourable light.—These circumstances were sufficient to account for , even if they did not