to wait until the time should arrive , when his ministers might think it convenient to bring the question again forward with more prospect of effect ? He was not aware of any other alternative his majesty had when they had refused to withdraw their statement , or to make any promise respecting the future , but 252 that which he had adopted . The noble baron 's opinion had certainly been known to his majesty on this subject , but his majesty could not know when he might think fit to bring the matter forward , or whether his opinion upon it might not have derived additional strength from the decision upon the question by the greatest majorities , that had ever been known upon any public question . But when they had given up their half measure , it was rather extraordinary that they should reserve the power of bringing forward the whole question . All that he had authority to state on the part of his majesty was , that the measure which had been brought in was widely different from that which had been sanctioned by his majesty , at first proposed . He could distinctly state , with reference to this subject , that until he had been called upon , in conjunction With his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) , by his majesty , he was ignorant of this transaction . But having been so called upon by his sovereign , he should have shrunk from his duty , if he had not yielded obedience to his commands . He was fully aware of the weight that was to be derived from the support of all the great interests that had given their countenance to the late administration ; he was sensible of the splendid talents of the noble baron , and of the great energies that were necessary for the government in the present crisis ; but he should have shrunk from his duty , if he had not been ready , at the call of his majesty , to come forward on a question , which he had thought necessary for upholding the dignity of the crown , for maintaining the interests of the country , and for supporting the public establishments , which he looked upon as intimately connected with the prosperity of the empire . was adverse to the idea of being at issue with his sovereign , but a correct explanation of the transaction was rendered peculiarly necessary on account of the false and scandalous view of it which had been published by persons who must have had access to the minutes of the privy council , of which garbled extracts had been given in order to mislead the public . His noble friend had given that explanation with all that precision , justness , and delicacy , that might naturally have been expected from him . The noble secretary had laboured hard to prove that there had been a misconception on this point . This had not peen denied ; but he had not touched on the pledges that had been required , and which 253 it was found impossible to give . The reservation was this : that under different circumstances his majesty 's servants might think it their duty to bring the situation of the catholics again under his consideration , and surely it was not difficult to conceive an exigency in which this might be their duty . Occasions might occur in which this might be absolutely necessary for the salvation of the country ; and his majesty 's servants Would be guilty of a crime , if they should bind themselves by any pledge that should force them to conceal the situation of Ireland under all possible circumstances . This was not a spontaneous measure on the part of his majesty 's servants . They could not , from a regard to their oaths , state all the pressure that compelled them to propose it . But it was impossible not to see what mischiefs might arise from the fomenting of religious differences in Ireland . The noble viscount near him