said trade . '' It is in vain then for us to say that we are not completely at issue with our ancestors upon this question , or that we know any thing which they did not know , when they gave repeated legal sanction to that which we seek to abolish.—There are also , sir , other opinions which I am inclined to treat with respect—opinions founded upon facts and observations made in the midst of those very scenes of disgust and horror , which it is the professed object of this bill to prevent : and again let me ask those who have attentively listened to the pathetic representations made in the course of this debate , whether they can conceive it possible that two persons , neither slave traders nor West India proprietors , but impartial , enquiring travellers , should penetrate into the interior of Africa , be witnesses of what is passing there , and of the condition of its inhabitants , and yet come away , the one doubting whether an abolition of the slave trade would answer any good purpose , the other expressly disapproving that measure ? What ! live and 118 travel in Africa , and even doubt upon the subject ? How is it possible ? unless indeed it should prove that we at this distance from the scene are deceived by partial views of what , when regarded near and entire , wears another appearance , and produces another effect . Yet is it nevertheless true , that Bruce and Parke , their minds unprejudiced on the subject , or if biassed at all , experiencing a bias against the trade , have eturned , the one from the East , the other from the west of the negro country ; Parke intimating his doubts * whether the abolition of the trade would answer the views of its promoters ; and Bruce , in the strongest terms , deprecating the measure.†—I have before mentioned , on the authority of Mr. Parke himself , that I believe his book to express , in this respect , his own sentiments , and not those of his editor , Mr. Bryan Edwards : and Mr. Edwards , sir , when he edited that book , was either an abolitionist , or at least wavering in his opinions . He was a man of much genius and ability ; if his talents had been cultivated in another direction , he would probably have been an eminent poet or orator , but an orator , I think , rather excelling in the rhetorical than in the logical beauties of the art . He was , upon commercial subjects , and more particularly on the subject of the slave trade , of vacillating opinions ; and the West India body , who always respected his abilities , could seldom depend upon the determinations of his judgement . When , in a former debate , I connected the statements of Parke with the comment with which Mr. Malthus has accompanied them , I expressly said ( not knowing then that Mr. Malthus had published any opinion about the Slave Trade ) that I was not able to say whether that gentleman was or was not a friend to abolition ; but the principle he has advanced , and the reasoning he has introduced on this subject , remain unaltered ; end when he states that the population of Africa is continually passing beyond the means of its subsistence , and that the condition of the negro nations will experience no amelioration until industry and security of property be introduced among them , these circumstances appear to me to bear strongly upon this question . I shall be told that industry and security of property can not find their way into Africa until the Slave Trade be abolished ; but those who look for an abo- * Parke 's Travels , 4to p. 287 , 298 . † Bruce , 4to . vol . I. p. 32 . 119 lition of the Slave Trade in Africa by a British act of parliament , seem to me to