it was not so much the tyranny of kings and great men that was to be apprehended , as the tyranny of the many over the few . He considered that nothing was more dangerous than combinations among journeymen . If the agricultural labourers were to combine in a similar manner , and demand for their labour more than their fair proportion of the land , the country must rapidly fall to ruin . began by observing , that in 1791 , this country only exported to the value of one million annually in cotton goods ; but , now , in sixteen years after that period , the quantity exported amounted to 9,750,000l. , being more than one third of the whole amount of our exports . This great increase was owing to the skill and talents of the Calico Printers . In the infancy of this trade , some degree of philosophy was necessary , and a considerable knowledge of chemistry ; but now , by the division of labour , the business of a calico printer did not require more skill than any other handicraft trade , and therefore the present race of calico printers were not entitled to better wages than most other mechanics . It was allowed , that a boy of 14 could , in a few months , learn the whole business , and yet the average wages were 25s . a week , although the workmen lived for the most part in the Northern counties , where those wages would go much farther than they would in a Southern county . He did not see that the Journeymen Calico printers had any serious subject of complaint , and therefore he should oppose the present bill . declared that the anxious wish of the committee was , that the masters and journeymen should regulate the matter among themselves , without bringing it before parliament . The complaint of the journeymen was this ; that a large number of loyal , dutiful , and faithful subjects were now without employment and without bread , in consequence of the grievances of which they complained . He conceived it the first duty of government to see that the subjects of the realm had bread . He felt a good deal for the rights of journeymen ; his constituents were either journeymen , or had been journeymen , and he had , therefore , considered that kind of right which was derived from having served an apprenticeship . He considered , that from the system of apprenticeships was derived , not only the superior skill of our workmen in every department , but a great part of the practical morality of the British nation . He admitted , that on account of the division of labour , a boy could be taught to do the business in a very short time , as well as a journeyman . The consequence was , that as soon as the boy was out of his apprenticeship he also found himself out of bread . It was therefore in this branch of trade , more than in any other , that some regulations were wanting to insure a subsistence to the journeymen . Erskine considered , that whatever might be the grievances of the journeymen , the present bill would not afford the remedy . It was against the first principles of civil liberty , as well as against all the commercial maxims which had hitherto been received . The first clause of it was to prevent masters from taking more than a certain number of apprentices . This was a regulation , which had never before been demanded from parliament . Every man had an undoubted right to teach his trade to as many people as he chose . He thought the cry against the numbers coming into the trade was as ridiculous as if he or others , old journeymen in the profession of the law , should come to parliament to complain of the number of young men of talents that were educating for that profession , and beg that the house would shut the door against them