certain commissions in the army , at the same time reserving others ; and if the principle of the act of 1793 were to have been the principle of the proposed measure , he contended that the reservation formed as , much a part of that principle , as the admission of certain commissions . This opinion he felt more strongly , from the manner in which the measure had been brought forward , so different from that which had been first proposed . It had been at first intended to carry the principle into effect , by the introduction of clauses for that purpose ; but when it was determined on to carry the measure farther than was at first proposed , it was found that a clause in the mutiny bill cooler not make that law general , which had been before limited , and therefore a separate bill had been thought necessary . The result of all he had stated was , that no proposition could be clearer than that the first object was only to make the Irish act of 1793 the general law of the empire . How the misapprehension upon the subject arose it was not for him to decide , and certainly he would be the last man in such a case to assert or suspect that the misapprehension was wilful on either side . He had , however , authority to state , that on the 3d of March a communication had been made to his majesty on the subject , and on the 4th lord Howick 251 had an audience of his majesty at the Queen 's Palace . At this interview his majesty had stated his objections to the measure , but he was ready to admit that the noble lord had felt convinced in his own mind , that nothing had fallen from the august personage during his audience that precluded him from opening the measure as he had done to parliament . When , however , the misapprehension that had taken place had been more explicitly stated , the noble baron , and the noble viscount , and the other members of the cabinet , had considered the subject in a long consultation , to ascertain whether the bill could be modified so as to answer the purpose for which it had been intended ; the result of which was , that they thought it better to drop the bill altogether , with some observations , of which he proposed to take some notice before he should sit down . In withdrawing the bill , it appeared that they had made two reserves ; first , that they should be at liberty to declare their opinions on the general policy of the measure ; as well on the withdrawing the bill , as on the event of the catholic petition being presented . The second reserve was , that as a government they should be at liberty to bring the subject from time to time under his majesty 's consideration , by recommending such measures0as they might deem proper to be adopted . Where any individual consents to give up any measure , he had no doubt a right to propose conditions ; but in this case there were two parties , and though the ministers had a right to propose conditions , the situation of his majesty was not to be forgotten . He Should not say that they had not conscientiously proposed these reserves , but he asked their lordships to consider what would have been the situation of the king , if he had acceded to the proposition ? What would have been the effect of such an assent , but to divide the unity of the executive ? Would it not be to destroy the constitution , one of the wise maxims of which was , that the king could do no wrong , thereby casting a veil over his sacred character ? Would it not have the effect of casting the whole odium upon his majesty of resisting the measure and of giving the whole popularity to his ministers ? Was his majesty