to make this house a channel of injustice , and the vehicle of malice . On looking over the whole business , although the house may not be of opinion that it is a case requiring us to request his majesty to instruct the attorney general to prosecute criminally ; yet , I submit that it is one in which it may be necessary to punish some of the witnesses for gross prevarication . It is well known that the house is always zealous in hearing every thing respecting the rights of individuals that can be offered ; and such has been the case in the present instance ; but I am still of opinion , that the person who signed that petition , had no reason to be alarmed that any witnesses had been bribed , otherwise he or his solicitor must have inquired into their characters . The apparent motive has been , that such a proceeding might find its way to the hearts of men , so as to prejudge the previous petition , which is in dependence . I must do Mr. Paull the justice to say , that I believe he never would have signed the petition , had he really inquired into or been informed of the real characters of those who were to support it . But those who have acted for him , seem to have used unfair means , merely for the purpose of exciting suspicion . The letter in the custody of Harris appears , from the evidence , to be a forged one . There has evidently been a conspiracy in the present instance . Reasoning upon the principles of justice and morality , is not a conspiracy an attempt to fasten upon a man a wrong which he never did , a crime which he never committed ? Take that definition along with you , and look at the character of Drake , one of the witnesses . He appeared before you , he said , as a wounded officer who had fought the battles of his country . He alledged that he had been several times wounded in the service ; by the return which has been made , however , he never received his pension for any wound he received in the back ; but , 153 that he fell from the mast head of a vessel , and broke his leg , which was afterwards amputated . Nor has this Mr. Drake been able to state , with truth , where he was born . After stating various places in England , he afterwards says , that , when in company with Homan , he boasted he could drink six bottles of claret , because he was an Irishman . Here the hon . member stated various inconsistencies in the evidence of this witness , in which he said , there did not appear a word of truth . Both Drake and Weatherhead were persons who ought , said the hon gent. , in my opinion , to receive your utmost censure ; and you ought even to adopt the most rigorous measures . For my part , I should humbly submit , that a prosecution ought to be commenced by the crown , against both of them , for a conspiracy ; but although you should not think it proper to punish for a conspiracy , yet surely you will punish any man who comes with lies and falsehoods in his mouth to the bar ! I may still go further , and say that from the evidence of the other witnesses , it appears , that a conspiracy has been running through the whole of them . If the house do not think that there is enough to entitle them to commit for prevarication , I should be inclined to think , that Mr. Sheridan himself would be fully justified in bringing the question under the cognizance of a civil court . The house , perhaps , would rather wish that Mr. Paull should have the advantage of the witnesses being previously examined upon their oath , before a select committee , as