, yet he would consent , by omitting the two first lines , to put that preamble in a form less objectionable . At the same time , when he recollected that all the former proceedings of the two houses of parliament , relative to the slave trade , had been published in all parts of the West Indies , and there circulated , and especially the very resolution declaring the trade to be inconsistent with justice , humanity and sound policy , and that those publications were not productive of any disturbance or disaffection among the negroes ; he could not think that if the preamble stood in its original state , it could be productive of the least evil ; this opinion , however , should yield to his anxiety for general accommodation on a great question like the present . The amended form of the preamble then proposed by the noble lord , excluded the terms `` founded in humanity , & c. '' and substituted , for certain special reasons , `` it is expedient that the slave trade be abolished . '' said he should reserve what he had to say for a future stage of the bill . contended that the terms used in the first preamble , were but characterestic of so infamous a trade , and represented the miseries of the wretched victims in a three fold point of view , the circumstances of their capture and sale in Africa , those of their passage to the colonies , and the manner of their reception on their arrival there . thought , that the wording of the preamble as it originally stood , would have been productive of dangerous consequences among the slaves . could not see it in so alarming a point of view , but had no objection to the amendment . felt himself much obliged to the noble lord for the Willingness he had evinced towards general accommodation on this subject ; he could not however help adverting to the unfair and unhandsome construction that had been put upon his own conduct in this business ; he did not much like to see upon a former night an hon . member going about the house asking questions about his estate in the colonies , the name of it , and other circumstances , as if it were to detect him ( Mr. Fuller ) in any assertion that might not 65 not be strictly consonant to the fact ; he should scorn to assert any thing which he did not think he could substantiate . He knew what was due from every member to that house , and he knew also what was due from a man of honour to himself . He was no pitiful canter ; —confident in the integrity of his intentions , no superstitious folly hurried him to interpret every little casualty into a dire visitation of Providence . But had he no internal principle to guide him , he had to support that character , a long line of ancestry bequeathed him . The family were well known and respected in 1607 , and this was 1807 , and they were now , as they were then—not one of them indebted to any faction or to any ministry for sixpence of the public money ; they were then in prosperity , and now in the fairest way of prospering , it gentlemen would let them prosper . As for himself , he had always voted in that house as a juror upon his oath . He was not endeavouring to get in with the government , —he felt and acted as an independent man , and was never an admirer of affected piety . approved of the amendment in the preamble proposed by the noble lord ( Howick ) on principles of policy . The impressing upon the minds of the negroes that it was by a violation of the laws of justice and humanity that they came there , would be only filling their minds with unavailing regret . He acknowledged that the circulation of the papers respecting the abolition in the West