apply in the measure he now proposed , with some circumstances of local distinction , rendered necessary by there being two national banks in Scotland . The collectors of the revenue in that country would be required , by the bill he was about to propose , to make up their accounts on the last day of every month , and to transmit them , with the sums they should have on hand , to the receiver general of the land tax for Scotland , who was to deposit the money , half in the bank of Scotland , and the other half in the royal bank , from which banks it was to be remitted to the bank of England , whenever it should amount to 5000l. , there to be kept with the other public monies received from the different departments of the revenue , according to the provisions of the acts of the last parliament . As the Scotch revenue was liable to certain occasional , and sometimes sudden , demands for particular services , provision was to be made for advances for those services , and when the receiver general should certify the occasion to the banks , that certificate would be a warrant to them to issue the money and to make a deduction to that amount from any sum on hand to the remitted to the bank of England . The banks of Scotland were to keep accounts of all monies thus 167 received , and these accounts were to be liable to the inspection of the lord advocate for the time being . This bill , when it should have received the sanction of the legislature , as he hoped it would , would be the completion of the system he had the honour to introduce , and he had the satisfaction to think , that when it should have passed , the whole of the public money would be placed in a perfect state of security . He moved for leave to bring in a bill to regulate the payment of the revenues of Scotland into the banks of Scotland , in order to their being remitted to the bank of England.—After a few words from Mr. Rose , who coincided entirely in the propriety of the bill , leave was given to bring it in . reported from the Glasgow election committee , that Archibald Campbell , esq. , the sitting member , was duly elected , and that the petition against his return was not frivolous nor vexatious.—Sir J. Frederick brought up the bill for the construction of a bridge over the Thames opposite Vauxhall , which was read a first time.—Mr . Sheridan brought up a bill for further regulation of the office of treasurer of the navy , which was read a first time.—Mr . C. Dundas , pursuant to notice , moved , that private bills should be allowed to be presented before the printed copies are delivered , but not read a second time before the delivery of printed copies of them to the members . The motion was agreed to and an order made accordingly.—Lord H. Petty brought up a bill for correcting a mistake in the act of last session , for granting annuities to the younger branches of the royal family , which was read a first time.—Sir J. Newport brought up a bill for regulating the commission appointed to inquire into offices and fees in Ireland , which was read a first time.—The defaulters on the preceding day were reported to the house , when the following members , not attending to excuse themselves , were ordered into the custody of the serjeant at arms : sir P. Francis , capt . Freemantle , Mr. H. Joliffe , Mr. W. Keene ; Mr. R. Manners , sir C. Morgan , and Mr. R. Thornton . Capt . Free-mantle , sir C. Morgan , and sir P. Francis , were severally taken into custody on coming to the house , and ordered to be discharged out of custody at the rising of the house , first paying their fees.—Ordered , on the motion