, after he had been acquitted by the tribunal before which he was tried , any more than it would be to propose expunging an information at law from the record after the subject of that information had been acquitted . Such a proceeding was neither usual nor necessary . But the indifference manifested for the verdict of that high tribunal , before which the noble lord alluded to had been acquitted , proceeded from the same spirit of party which would treat with disregard the conscience of the king . This acquittal , however , ought to make a greater impression , if the circumstances were taken into consideration under which it was obtained . That illustrious person ( Mr. Pitt ) , who was the friend of the accused , was no more , while , on the other hand , the party was in power who were his active and implacable enemies . At such a time the noble lord was brought to trial ; all the influence of power was exerted against him , and that power industriously engaged in abetting and taking advantage of the false impressions of the case which had been spread abroad ; still the noble lord was acquitted . But the learned gent . was surprized , that not withstanding such acquittal , the noble lord could endure the recollection of `` guilty upon my honour , '' which must occur to him in the house of lords . Were there not , however , other words to be recollected there also ? Was the word `` guilty '' alone that upon which the learned gent . 's recollection could dwell ? were conviction , punishment , and persecution , the only things that could saitsfy his ears ? The learned gent . must remember , that the noble person alluded to , heard that result at the tribunal , under considerations which must be satisfactory to him . But the learned gent . had insinuated that which had been said before , namely , what signified an acquittal , where so many of the judges voted for conviction ? What , however , would 334 those gentlemen say if the converse of the proposition were taken in an opposite event ? Suppose the majority of the lords had voted for the conviction of the noble person accused , and a number equal to the minority on that occasion , had voted for his acquittal , would those gentlemen allow the friends of the noble lord to say , `` what signified a conviction where so many respectable lords voted for acquittal ? '' He was sure that they would not listen to such a proposition , and why , then should they expect that their mode of putting the converse should be attended to ? That the noble lord 's acquittal should do away any allusion to his case in the shape of reflection was but the language of justice , and he was persuaded that in maintaining it he was acting in unison with the candour and liberality of a British house of commons . With regard to the question before the house , the hon . baronet maintained , that when gentlemen on the other side talked of their own vindication , they meant evidently the crimination of the other party , and that party was the king ; and to sanction their views would of course be to subvert the constitutional maxim , that the king can do no wrong . This maxim was indeed acknowledged by these gentlemen , but the tendency of their argument was this—that the king could do no right but with them . Indeed , from the whole tenour of their recent conduct and observation , they had placed their sovereign in such a situation before the country , as to induce an opinion that he was a man of no intellect whatever , which , by-the-bye , was an exhibition only to be made by a party , if such a party there could be , who wished to usurp the power of the sovereign , and govern the country in