into consideration on the 24th instant , be discharged , in order to have it put off to the 13th of April . After a short conversation between Mr. R. Dundas , the lord advocate of Scotland , sir J. Pulteney , Mr. Perceval , Mr. Canning , and Mr. Adam , the motion was negatived without a division.—Sir J. Newport brought up a bill for the improvement of the city of Dublin , which was read a first time ; and , on the motion that it be read a second time on Monday next , Mr. Shaw ( of Dublin ) expressed a hope that the hon . baronet would not object to the printing of the bill , nor press the second reading on so early a day as Monday next . It was a measure by which the interest of his constituents might be very materially affected , and he was therefore anxious to have sufficient time to consider the provisions it contained , of which he was then ignorant , as well as to communicate with his constituents , the parties most interested , upon the subject . The Speaker informed the hon . gent . that , as the bill was , in a great measure , of a private nature , it fell within the provisions for regulating the proceedings upon private bills , and that , in like manner , as in the case of all private bills from Ireland , the period of three weeks must intervene between the first and second reading . The second reading was then fixed for Monday three weeks . pursuant to notice , rose for the purpose of moving , that the Petition of the West India Planters , presented on the 27th of Feb. be referred to a select committee.—The petition was then read , as follows : `` To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled , the Petition of the undersigned Planters Merchants , Mortgagees , Annuitants and others , interested in the British West India Colonies , `` Humbly sheweth , that the West India Colonies of Great Britain , having been planted and settled by British subjects , have , in long course of years , progressively advance in cultivation , wealth , and importance , from which the mother country has derived vast and increasing advantages , in respect to her commercial and financial resources , and her naval power.—That the capital at present existing in the British West India Colonies , estimated at little less than one hundred mil- 86 lions , and which is for the most part an investment gradually created , in the course of nearly two centuries , out of the gains of the Colonial trade , is but a small part of the British stake in those important establishments . Your petitioners are ready to shew , by official vouchers , that nearly one-third of the whole of the British imports and exports is involved in the West India trade , directly or collaterally ; and that , in more than that proportion , the effective defence and power of the empire depend thereon ; as the best and most productive nursery of seamen.—That the foundation of these benefits and this prosperity was laid by the act of King Charles II . chap 7 , entituled 'An Act for the Encouragement of Trade , ' the preamble of which uses these remarkable words : 'And in regard his majesty 's plantations beyond the seas are inhabited and peopled by his subjects of this his kingdom of England ; for the maintaining a greater correspondence and kindness between them , and keeping them in a firmer dependence upon it , and rendering them yet more beneficial and advantageous unto it , in the further employment and increase of English shipping and seamen , vent of English woollen and other manufactures and commodities , rendering the navigation to and from the same more safe and cheap and making this kingdom a staple not only of the commodities of those plantations , but also of the