the opinion of that venerable court . From some of the suggestions of the memorial ( for he had also been honoured with a copy of it from the lord president ) he had received important information ; on other points , he was still obliged to dissent . As far , therefore , as he was personally concerned , he wished their lordships to be enabled , from learning the objections of the Court of Session , to appreciate the value of those arguments , which he should think it his duty to state , in answer to such objections . He recommended his noble and learned friend to state , in his wonted respectful manner , to the learned person from whom he received the memorial , the insuperable objections which prevented him from presenting it to the house . was of opinion , that although 69 the house could not receive a communication from the Court of Session , in the manner in which the present memorial was made , yet it was of the highest importance , that the opinion and advice of so learned and venerable a body , on a subject which so peculiarly involved their interests and duties , should be fully in possession of their lordships , before they were called upon to decide on perhaps one of the greatest changes which ever took place in the administration of justice in any country . There were other modes , whereby that instruction and information could be obtained . For instance , it was in the power of the house to resolve , that the measure should be submitted to the opinion of the Court of Session , for the purpose of enabling it to gain beneficial information from the report which should be made . There were precedents for such a line of procedure , and it was for their lordships to adopt that which tended to promote the means of acquiring the most correct knowledge of the merits of the measure . expressed himself as anxious as any other noble lord , to have the opinion of the Court of Session laid before the house : but , at the same time , he wished to be fully understood , that in order to prevent any Farther delay in receiving such opinion , the lords of the Court of Session should petition the house in their individual capacity , for only in that capacity could their petition be received , With respect to one of the precedents referred to , it would be found by the preamble of the Bill on the Forfeited Estates , that the lords of the Court of Session were only heard as petitioners , or , as the bill more appropriately recited , as supplicants . He deprecated the proposal of consulting the lords of Session on the enactment of a legislative measure ; such conduct would be inconsistent with the character and forms of parliament ; it was a principle which the house never did nor could recognise . By the 10th of George I. parliament deprived the Court of Session of the right of interfering in the appointment of the judges , yet the house did not conceive it necessary to apply for information to the lords of the Court of Session , Indeed , in all cases where the history of parliament afforded an opportunity of inquiry , whether applicable to England or Scotland , he contended , that , however parliament might have deemed it necessary to apply to the judges for their opinions on points of law , it never did commit to their investigation a legislative mea- 70 sure , in the agitation of which it then happened to be engaged.—After some further observations , —The following are the names of the members remaining on the reduced list of the members chosen by ballot to try and determine the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue election for Taunton ; T. S. Gooch , esq . sir John Aubrey , G. Baillie , esq . John Pattison , esq . sir T. Mostyn , R. Morris , esq .