he apprehended that whenever those honourable gentlemen should come to state what they really had done , their explanation would be something like what occurred between general Stanhope and general Walpole upon a former occasion , namely , nothing better than mutual reproach and Mutual recrimination . Those men were the fathers of the house of commons at that day , and the house , in pity to their nakedness , turned their backs upon them , and so he hoped they would do upon these honourable gentlemen . said , that it was not the first time he had observed in the honourable gentleman who had just sat down an eagerness to attack the late administration and its friends , though certainly the present , like every former attempt , evinced rather an avidity to attack than a power to be offensive , He was glad , however , to see in the present attack something like a philosophical neutrality , and that as the late administration had had the misfortune of the honourable gentleman 's opposition , so the present would be now likely to come in for its due share . The honourable gentleman had said a great deal about independence , and had congratulated himself in an angry tone upon his having no place under any government . He ( Mr. Sheridan ) could only say , that he was no divulger of private secrets ; but he might make some allusion to a certain public message , which he had been deputed to deliver to a right honourable friend , now no more ( Mr. Fox ) at the formation of the late administration . He was sure the honourable gentleman perfectly understood him ( a general laugh ) . He was rather inclined to believe , from the nature of that message , that the honourable gentleman , notwithstanding his present acrimony , might then have been completely dulcified 209 towards that terrible administration he had been so much of late in the habit of condemning ; aye , and disinterestedly condemning too ; or disinterestedly , if such pronunciation better suited the taste of the honourable gentleman , whether classical or vulgar . It was unnecessary to explain more . He believed the honourable gentleman perfectly understood him.—The honourable gentleman had arraigned the late ministry for having abandoned their public professions . Having made such a charge , the onus of the proof lay with the honourable gentleman ; and he ( Mr. Sheridan ) defied him to produce any instance in which the late ministers had for a moment shrunk from the principles which they had professed , not merely on their coming into power , but during the continuance of that power . They were denied the credit of the committee of finance . Did they not support it , and encourage it to the utmost of their power ? What had been the principle of that committee ? Economy ; and what had been the avowed principle of the late ministers ? Economy . Was he called on for an instance ? He would instance the reduction of the staff ; he would instance the barrack department ; he would instance the reduction of the department of the commissariat . He would ask the honourable gentleman , if his noble friend near him ( lord H. Petty ) did not pledge himself at the outset of his administration , to the adoption of every practicable plan of reform and retrenchment in the public expenditure , and if he had not followed up that pledge to the last moment of his official authority ? the honourable gentleman wished to deprive his noble friend of all claim to the merit of originating the committee of finance , and to attribute the whole to another honourable gentleman ( Mr. Biddulph ) from whose merit it was by no means his wish to detract ; but he would say , that his noble friend , in adopting that , measure with a view of giving it greater extension , by no means wished to deprive the honourable gentleman , who first proposed it ,