dignity of intellect . He hoped that the right hon . secretary would not suppose he meant any personal disrespect to him ; without any intention of that kind , he was discharging what he conceived to be an imperious constitutional duty . He might think as humbly of himself as any man : he might sacrifice in his private capacity all the emotions of pride ; but the honour of that house was a sacred trust which could not be resigned , which must not be stigmatized with impunity ; and if the right hon . secretary 's threat were to be patiently endured , the constitution of our ancestors must soon be surrendered . in a maiden speech , opposed the motion . Although the question and the observations to which it had given rise , extended to the detail of all the acts of the late administration , it ought yet to be recollected that most of those acts had before been singly considered and approved of by the house . Before he proceeded he would make one observation on the form of the resolution , which did not appear to him to be calculated to include in the concurrence to it all those whom the hon mover must certainly be desirous to include . It contained this proposition , that because the late administration might in many points have deserved well of the country , yet that their dismissal was not expedient or necessary . Did it follow that , because the house , or any member of the house , had approved of part of the conduct of the late ministers , they must necessarily extend their approbation to that part of their conduct which occasioned their dismissal ? Certainly not ; and the hon . mover must therefore forfeit the support of those who , while they applauded the late ministry in several points of their administration , were not disposed to give to that administration their unqualified approbation . He would not , on this occasion , go into an examination of the merits of the late administration , or of the circumstances which led to their dismissal . A particular review of their public acts , few as they had been , it would require more than one night to accomplish , and a general review might be productive 440 of a delusive inference . Whether the war had been carried on with the activity which the affairs of Europe demanded ? Whether every possible means had been used to excite the energies of the people at home ? Whether the financial system had been arranged with ability ? Whether recent accusations against a gallant officer ( sir Home Popham ) had been prompted by private prejudice rather than by public duty ? These were points on which he would not presume to determine . With regard to the measure so honourable to humanity , which had at length been carried into effect , the abolition of the slave trade ( although the stigma of having allowed it to remain so long could never be effaced ) , the glory of that measure belonged to his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , in whose philanthropy it originated , and by whose unwearied exertions it had at length been brought to a successful issue . That the late administration possessed ability he was ready to allow , but that ability , however great , by no means stultified their opponents , whose measures , if calculated , as he was convinced they would be , for the advantage of the country , the house , he trusted , would not suffer to be impeded by the operation of party spirit . With regard to what had been termed the threat of a right hon . secretary , he had said nothing , that could be new to the house ; expectations of a dissolution had been very generally formed . Was the absence of disguise censurable ? Besides , the right hon . gent . did not make use of the expression which had been alluded to as a threat ;