motion on Monday next ; and that their lordships be accordingly sun , moned for that day . Ordered . who this day took seat on the woolsack for the first time since his recent appointment , rose to make some observations on the probable impracticability that the report of the bill on the Scotch Judicature , could be ready before Tuesday ; on that day it might be settled what situation was to be occupied by the Scotch judges during the present discussion . Until that decision took place , he was of opinion that the report on the-bill could not well be proceeded on . He should therefore move , that the report be taken into consideration on Wednesday next . Ordered . The house met pursuant to adjournment About thirty new members were sworn , and took their seats.—The new ministers also took their seats on the treasury bench.—New writs were ordered for the borough of West Lone , in the room of James Buller , esq , who had accepted the office of one of the lords of the admiralty ; for the borough of Weymouth , in the room of sir James Pulteney , who had accepted the office of secretary at war ; for Dorchester , in the room of the hon . Cropley Ashley , who had accepted the office of clerk of the ordnance ; for Liskeard , in the room of the hon . W. Elliot ; who had accepted the office of one of the lords of the treasury ; for the borough of Haslemore , in the room of R. Ward , esq . and for the county of Dumfries , in the room of the hon . W. Hope , who had accepted the offices of lords of the admiralty— Mr. Vansittart , chairman of the Shrewsbury election committee , reported , that general Ferguson had been absent from that committee for some days , on account of illness . Dr. Scott proved the fact of the general 's illness , and he was excused for his said absence —Sir John Newport brought in the Irish Loan bill , which was read a first time.—The Irish malt and spirit duty bill was 282 read a third time and passed ; as was also the Irish office fees bill—Lord G. Thynne informed the house , from the bar , that his majesty bad been waited upon with the address of the 25th of March , praying his majesty not to grant any office during life , which was not usually so granted , and that his majesty had been pleased to return the following gracious answer : — '' His Majesty acquaints his faithful Commons , that he will take the subject of their Address into his most serious consideration ; and thinks it proper , at the same time , to inform . them , that lie has thought it fit to provide , that in a grant now to be made of the office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan caster , the office shall he conferred only during his royal pleasure.—His majesty assures his faithful commons , that in the execution of the powers with which .he is intrusted by law to grant certain offices for life , as in the exercise all the prero gatives of his crown , his conduct will at `` all times be governed by an anxious atten '' tion to the public interest and welfare . '' The royal assent was given by commission to the royal family annuity bill , and the Irish paper duty bill . The commissioners were the lord chancellor , lord Aylesford , and lord Walsingham.—The treasuryship of the navy regulation bill , naval prizes bill , Irish malt duty bill , and Irish revenue regulation bill , were received from the commons , and read a first time . presented a petition from the London Clergy , incorporated by the title of the president and fellows of Sion College , within the city of London , setting forth , `` That the petitioners have learnt that a bill has been for some time