his name . But he believed these gentlemen had found their sovereign quite a different person , from the judgment and firmness which his majesty had evinced upon this , as well as upon many other occasions . in explanation , said that he did not mean in the least degree to reflect upon the determination of the peers on a recent trial . He only intended to call to the recollection of the house , that there had been objections both to the form of the articles , and to the manner of the proof , and that 52 lords had said upon their honour , that lord Melville was guilty . after complimenting the candour , moderation , and manliness with which the question before the house had been treated by his hon . friend who introduced it , observed , that from the various and contradictory sentiments which had been delivered , 335 in the course of the debate , upon the subject to which the motion referred , it was essentially necessary that the house should come to some declaration , as to what the constitution was upon this important point . It appeared that a very gross misunderstanding did prevail upon the subject of the constitution and religion of the country , from what the house had heard of the one from the right hon . gent . below him ( Mr. Bathurst ) , and of the other from the right hon . gent . on the opposite side ( Mr. Perceval ) . Some doctrines had indeed been advanced in the course of this debate , which , if not exploded , the power of the house of commons was gone , and religious toleration but an empty name . The right hon . gent . below him had told the house of certain times when the king could act for himself without advisers , and that as constitutionally he could do no wrong , no responsibility could attach to such actions . Now , this was a doctrine against which he must enter an immediate protest . For so contrary was it to the fact , that there was not a moment of the king 's life , from his accession to his demise , that there was not a person constitutionally responsible for his actions . This was the doctrine which he and his friends maintained , and when gentlemen deprecated the consideration of the personal conduct of the king , it should be recollected by whom that personal conduct was brought into discussion . It certainly was not by his friends , but by those who asserted , that the king acted for himself and without any advisers . But this was a proposition which he would never admit : and the house of commons which should acquiesce in the establishment of such a doctrine , would declare itself a nonentity . The right hon . gent . below him had stated , that the king had no advice when the pledge was required . This assertion was also made by the present ministers . Thus they who professed so much reverence for his majesty , disclaimed any concern or advice in one act of his to which all agree that no minister ought to subscribe , and thus leave him naked and exposed altogether ; withdrawing that support which they owed him ; that is , in other terms , they declined to become responsible for the conduct of their sovereign . But the constitution would not allow them thus to decline and shelter themselves from responsibility ; for , having accepted the offices from which his friends near him had retired , because they would not subscribe that pledge , these hon . gentlemen incurred the responsibility which they manifested so much anxiety to avoid ; for a very good reason indeed , because the 336 pledge itself was such as no man could venture to defend . After some further animadversions upon the question of ministerial responsibility , and dilating upon the necessity of enabling members by some declaratory resolution to state to their constituents what responsibility