sufficient to shew that there was not a word of truth in what had been said by Drake and another , who was thought to be a principal witness on the part of the petitioner . declared his firm conviction , that a foul and scandalous conspiracy had been entered into against the sitting member ; and in order that the house might have an opportunity of judging more precisely as to the quality of the .evidence which had been adduced at their bar , he moved that the evidence be printed , which was ordered accordingly . observed , that it might be neceesary to take some measure to secure the future attendance of the witnesses at the bar , in case the house should think fit to take any further steps relative to the nature of the evidence which they had heard , —The house then ordered , that the further proceeding on the Westminster petition and evidence should be resumed on Friday the 15th instant , and that the witnesses should attend on that day . thought it but justice to Mr. Cobbett to state , before the rising of the house , that notwithstanding What Drake had asserted , he was fully satisfied that he was entirely unconnected with the scandalous proceedings which had been taken against him . chairman of the committee appointed to try the merits of the Wick election , reported , that the sitting member , Mr. Mackenzie , was duly elected , and that the petition of Sir John Sinclair against him was not frivolous nor vexatious . seeing an hon . general in his 58 place , wished to know from him whether it was his intention to bring forward the motion , of which he had given notice , for the expulsion of a member not now present ( Mr. Cawthorne ) . It was painful to the hon . member , who was the object of that motion , that the matter should remain longer in suspense . It was also desirable to the house that the question should be brought to a decision as soon as possible . The names of The defaulters at the ballot for the Guilford election committee , on Thursday , were called over , and those who had no excuse to offer , were ordered to attend in their places on Tuesday , and in the event of there being absent without excuse on that day , to be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms . took occasion here to say , that he did not look upon what was stated from any particular side of the house on cases of this kind to be the law . He should take the liberty of exercising his own judgment on every individual ease till the house should have pronounced upon it . On the occasion on he had been a defaulter , he had been in attendance at the bar of the house of lords , in the discharge of his professional duty . It was not for him to say whether that would be , in the sense of the house , an excuse ; but he wished to know from the sense of the house whether his absence was criminal in such cases . He was unwilling to depend on what might be the sense of one side of the house or of any individual . stated , that it was the law of the house , that defaulters should be taken into custody . The order now made was but a notice that this law would be enforced . said , that this proceeding of taking defaulters into custody was , as had been stated from the chair , the law of the house . But it was open to the house to exercise its judgment on every individual case , and either to enforce the law , or dispense with its enforcement , upon sufficient excuse , or at its pleasure . But it was to be understood that , generally , it would be enforced , and that was the reason for making it a