nothing to add to the trouble which I have already given to your lordships , but to assure you , that no man can be more deeply impressed than I am with reverence for God and religion , and for all the ministers and professors of the Christian Protestant faith . I am sure that I need not except even the worthy and excellent prelates in whose presence I make this solemn and public declaration . My lords , I glory in the opportunity of making it . Would to God that my life could be as pure as my faith ! I consider the æra of the Reformation , and its irresistible progress in the age which has succeeded it , as the grand æra in which the Divine Providence began most visibly to fulfil the sacred and encouraging promises of the Gospel . I look forward , my lords , believe me I always have , with an anxiety which I can not express , but with a hope which is unex- 365 tinguishable , to the time when all the nations of the earth shall be collected under its shadow , and united in the enjoyment of its blessings : It is that feeling , my lords , mixed perhaps with what may be considered as the prejudices of education , but which I can not myself consider to be prejudices , that have kept me back from going the full length of Catholic expectation . I consider the Roman Catholic faith as a gross superstition , not chargeable upon the present generation , which contains thousands and ten thousands of sincere and enlightened persons , but the result of the darkness of former ages , and which is fast giving way under the hourly increasing lights of religious and philosophical truth . Not that vain and contemptible jargon which has usurped the name of philosophy , but the philosophy of nature , which lifts up the mind to the contemplation of the Almighty , by approaching to Him nearer , and discovering his Attributes in the majesty and harmony of his works . Toleration is the right of every man , and the policy of all wise states ; but seeing that religious superstitions were falling into a wholesome and visible decline , I have never sought to give any encouragement to set them up again , but have rather wished that inconveniences should be felt , though no injustice suffered by their professors ; because , when religious distinctions are not so importantly material as deeply to affect the conscience , they are often by imperceptible degrees diminished and melted away . These ideas , my lords , and not any objections affecting either the establishment of the church or the safety of the state , though formerly these were very solid objections , were my reasons for not giving my support to the bill without a more urgent occasion ; for there are occasions to which such ideas ought to yield , since we are frequently without choice in the order and government of mankind . These opinions , however , can have no bearing on the present motion , the first branch of which I pass by altogether , having been myself an humble member of the administration which it supports ; but I not only subscribe to the second , but shall conclude by returning my thanks to the noble marquis for having introduced it to the house . supported the motion , which , he contended , was called for by the extraordinary circumstances that had recently occurred . That some farther concessions should be made to the Catholics , 366 had been the opinion of many statesmen of great eminence . Even one of the present ministers , the secretary of state for the foreign department , a person certainly not of inferior talents , had formerly held this opinion . It could not therefore be a subject of charge against the late ministers that they brought forward this measure wantonly or hastily . He thought there was great reason to regret the change in his majesty 's councils ,