and the lord justice clerk in the other . There was another principle also highly important , with a view to diminish the number of appeals to that house , and which had not been touched upon in this bill , namely , to give power to the chambers to award possession to the party in whose favour the decision had turned . This , he was convinced , would prevent a great number of appeals to that house , many of which , it was well known , were only made up for the purpose of delay . With respect to the proposed court of review , it was the opinion of many persons well informed on the subject , that it would only be an additional stage in the progress of litigation , and would not prevent any appeals to that house . To the court of review , as pro- 485 posed in the bill , he Was decidedly hostile , and he could conceive no other object in View in its establishment than the creation of a new and important office in the person of the president of that court He could not , however , consent to the establishment of , a court in Scotland superior to the court of session , such being , in his opinion , a violation of the act of union ; if such a court should be deemed advisable , he thought it ought to be formed out of the court of session itself . With respect to the proposed introduction of trial by jury in civil cases in Scotland , he was friendly to the experiment , but it was a measure which he thought ought to be proceeded in with great caution and deliberation . He disliked in theory the Compelling juries to be unanimous , although long experience in this country had sanctioned the principle , but he thought it somewhat extraordinary , that whilst juries in criminal cases in Scotland decided by a majority , that it should be proposed to compel them to an unanimous decision in civil cases . His lordship concluded , by moving an amendment in the first clause of the bill , to the effect of dividing the court of session into two chambers instead of three . contended , that it was incumbent upon the noble lord to give some reason for his proposed division of the court of session into two instead of three chambers ; at present he had given none , except that it was his opinion . Experience in this country was in favour of three courts , with a few judges in each , and all theory on the subject pointed out the expediency of having the smaller in preference to the greater number of judges . He had , when he first proposed this measure , not thought it advise-able that the number of the judges of the Court of session should be reduced , but if the proposition for two chambers was persisted in , he should then contend that the number of judges ought to be reduced , inasmuch as five judges would be amply sufficient for each chamber . The noble lord had somewhat unfairly charged the late ministers with having only in view the creation of a new office in the establishment of the court of review ; but if the division into two chambers was to be persisted in , and the number of judges not reduced , the truth would be , that noble lords on the other side were continuing five useless and unnecessary offices . With respect to the proposed court of review , when that subject came fairly under discussion , he would undertake to prove to their lordships , that it 486 was not a violation of the act of union , and that without such a court , very little would be done towards effecting the great object in view , that of diminishing the great number of appeals to that house . As to what had been said by the noble lord respecting the chambers giving possession to the parties in