attended him : what passed on these occasions he could not take upon him to say . That the impression of lord Howick was , that his majesty had consented to carry the measure further than that of 1793 , he had no doubt . But their lordships , looking at the misconception that had prevailed at the beginning in the cabinet , and he appealed for this to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , their lordships looking at this would not , he trusted , think it extraordinary that under the particular circumstances of this case there should have been a misconception.— As to the subject of toleration , he should be glad to see any one who would go further in that respect than himself ; but he always had , and always would make a distinction between toleration and power . Every subject had a right to toleration ; but power was only given as a trust by the supreme power , which ought to withhold it where the granting of it would be attended with danger . He had always opposed any minute concessions , in point of power , to the Catholics , as highly dangerous , because these would not remove their discontents , and might bring destruction on the church establishment . When he had entered into power , he had distinctly stated that he would not compromise his sentiments on this subject , as he thought they were essential to the preservation of our constitution . He would not enter upon this topic at present , but he thought that we ought to stop at the point where the union left us ; and while he abhorred as much as any man the raising an outcry on account of religious differences , yet he felt what was due to the constitution and the church establishment of the country . That was the principle on which he acted . He knew that his opinions clashed with those of the wisest and best men whom this country had ever produced , but on this point he had judged for himself , and he could allow no human authority to controul the conviction of his mind . When he came into an administration which , he would say , had most unfortunately for the country been dissolved , his opinions were known . He had distinctly stated these opinions , and that no consideration could induce him to compromise them . He lamented that this difference should have occurred 247 between his majesty and his late servants ; but he was satisfied , and he hoped their lordships were satisfied , that there had been an evident misconception on the part of his majesty with regard to the extent to which the bill was carried . said , he had never heard the noble viscount with more real satisfaction , than during the speech which he had just finished , because he perceived that his noble friend had not abandoned those principles upon which they had formerly acted . When this measure had been brought forward , he felt considerable satisfaction that his noble friend was a member of administration , because he was convinced that the country had in him in the cabinet a security against the attempt to break down the church establishment . He was fully sensible of the delicacy of the question before the house ; he felt the delicacy of the discussion when a question was at issue between a subject and his sovereign . It was not for him to decide whether or not this discussion could have been avoided . Much had been said by the noble baron and the noble viscount of the publications that had taken place on this subject . Of these he knew nothing , and felt as much regret as any person that such statements should have found their way to the public . But he must observe , that previous to his having any knowledge of the transaction , there had been many rumours in circulation , directly contrary to the fact , and proved to be so by