the law of settlements , by a residence for a certain number of years in certain parishes ; vestries to be held at certain times , and notice to be given thereof . He meant to press upon the consideration of the house , the power of exempting cottagers , under a certain amount of income , from being included in the poor 's rates , upon their own request ; and the power of giving rewards to labourers under certain very limited circumstances , and also to repeal a part of the 9th of George I. , which goes to drive into the workhouses , oppressively , all persons applying for parochial relief . He should likewise include the 491 power of building cottages at certain rents , for the residence of the poor , with a power of summary ejectments . These , and other topics , were to be comprehended in two bills , which he should press forward in the present session of parliament . The third bill , viz . that relative to the parochial fund of assurance , as being more novel than the other parts , he should propose to be read in the committee , but to be afterwards deferred to another session of parliament ; and fourthly , the other bill relative to the regulation and equalization of the county rates . Having given this explanation , the hon . gent . concluded with moving that the Speaker do leave the chair . commenced his speech with a handsome eulogium on the purity of the motives which actuated the hon . gent . but said he was sorry to add , that from many of that hon . gent . 's views upon this subject he materially differed . The hon . mover , in introducing this bill , had drawn a comparison between the Scotch and the English poor : he , for his part , could see no analogy whatever . He strongly deprecated the present system of poor-rates , and thought that it called loudly for parliamentary interference . The burden of the poor-rates on the middling orders was almost intolerable . He did not think that the proposed bill went in any way to alleviate that burthen . On the contrary , he contended that if the relaxation that was proposed was adopted , it would increase the poor-rates twofold ; instead of their being three millions , they would be then six millions . Besides , it was to be recollected that the poor required immediate remedy ; and even admitting that to be a remedy which was proposed , it was a most distant one . To the principle of funding he also objected . He did not think that the poor could fund , and even if they did it would encourage idleness . The plan of education he thought too expensive , and the system of building cottages and adjudging them to different tenants , would be productive of endless contention . He thought the corn acts of Mr. Pitt every way entitled to a preference , and though not in the habit of approving of that right hon . gent . 's administration , he felt it but justice to say , that his measures on this subject reflected the highest honour on his memory . He concluded with stating , that the poor-rates at present bore severely upon a deserving and industrious set of people : the lower orders of shopkeepers in England . approved highly of the sys- 492 tem of education , and thought it was the most desirable object of the whole plan proposed by the hon . member . He was of opinion , that the poor 's rates , if well and , properly administered , were fully adequate to the support of the poor , and of a system for their education . He did not think it necessary to abrogate the existing poor laws , because he was persuaded that an amelioration in the mode of administering them , would fully answer the purpose . suggested the propriety of letting the bill go into