carrying that measure into effect . He felt sorry he could not assent to the motion of his hon . friend ; a motion which he had introduced in a manner creditable to himself ; and there was no man in the house more ready to give credit to his motives than he was . There were some points on which he could not feel inclined to support the late administration . In their military measures , he could see nothing but speculative plans and fallacious hopes . They had totally and completely ruined the volunteer system , by their inattention and disregard ; and there was left no moral possibility of now ascertaining the discipline and force of that establishment . The next point on which he could not support them , was , their conduct relative to the catholic question . In his opinion they had imprudently encouraged expectations which they could not gratify , and were now predicting evil consequences , which he did not think the circumstances warranted . He thought the house might fairly expect , that the government of the duke of Richmond would be as popular and as lenient as that of lord Hardwicke . The late ministerial changes he regretted upon general grounds ; yet still he could not accede to the proposition of condemning their successors by anticipation , and much less , when he recollected the peculiar circumstances under which they were called to the councils of their sovereign . said , he had the honour of being a representative of a great and populous county in the sister island . Some months back , every thing was peaceable , and the people well affected ; within the last month , no less than four murders had taken place , and a number of individuals had been arrested for treasonable practices . He trusted , that when the present ministers should retire from office , the house and the country would not be obliged to witness similar proofs of their policy and measures . The bill which opened the military service to the Catholics , had his warmest support ; a support which he would have continued , had the late ministers persisted in carrying 454 it through its stages . It was true that the Catholics of Ireland looked to the late ministers as their staunchest friends , as those characters upon whom they might fully and confidently depend for the complete fulfilment of their promises and sanguine expectations . But the late administration must deceive themselves grossly , if they imagined that the measure they proposed was of a nature and extent to gratify the claims of that body . No ; the Catholics considered it only as an excuse for ministers not redeeming their numerous pledges ; they estimated it as a paltry subterfuge to escape expected solicitations . Had the late ministers been sincere in their regard for Ireland ; had they really been inclined to promote its happiness and to augment its comforts , they could have embraced many opportunities of extending the benefits of education and knowledge . Had they come forward with that great and inestimable blessing , which would have taught the brave but ignorant peasantry of that country to choose between real good and airy speculation ? Had they endeavoured to rescue them from those numerous evils which result from the collection of tithes in that country , and thus preserve them from that variety of distress to which the present system has long committed them ? In a word , what one act had they done to ameliorate the condition of the people of that ill-used country ? a country , the brightest gem in the British crown , and of which , in the words of the poet , he would say , `` Long from a nation , ever hardly us 'd , At random censur 'd , wantonly abus 'd , Have Britons drawn their strength . '' began with considering the great and important good consequences that must have resulted from the adoptions of any measure that went , in the present crisis , to conciliate