respect to the confidence which might be due to ministers , it was a general confidence that would not presume them unworthy of trust before they were tried ; and indeed , as to confiding in any ministers , it was rather the duty of the house to watch them than confide in them . He saw no reason , therefore , for the house to stigmatize the new ministers in the first instance , and refuse that confidence which could enable them to discharge the trust their sovereign had conferred on them . For his own part , he was convinced that to yield the Catholic question could do mischief in Ireland ; he was sure it could do mischief here ; and he was convinced that the Union , instead of accelerating , had retarded the settlement of it . said , that the hon . gent . who had spoken with so much eloquence and ability ( Mr. Milnes ) , comprised the whole substance of his speech against the motion in one sentence , that it was sufficient for the house to know that the king had dismissed his late ministers . For his part he thought it necessary to know a great deal more . When so extraordinary and unexpected a change had taken place , it was proper for the house to enquire , what were the circumstances that led to it , and what was likely to be the result ? The hon . gent . complained , with others , that the king 's name was dragged before the house , but he must again repeat , that this was to be attributed solely to the new ministers . There was a time when , in discussing any public measure , members of the house could animadvert upon the king 's advisers , but now , for the first time , it was said that the king had no advisers . Who , then , was it that brought the king 's name into question , but those who declared that he acted without advice ? If such a doctrine as this were to prevail , the character of public men was no longer safe ; but when made the victims of intrigue , and their character brought into suspicion , they were not to have the privilege of defending themselves , because the secret advisers of the king shrunk from responsibility , and threw upon the king himself those measures they admitted to be unconstitutional . The interested advisers of the king threw upon the king that which they were afraid to avow ; and he took God to witness , that he conscientiously believed that the removal of the late ministers was the result of a long and dark intrigue . The hon . gent . who spoke last had , however , expressed his astonishment 463 that any misunderstanding should have arisen ; but when that unfortunate misunderstanding did arise , the late ministers , as they ought , took upon themselves the blame , and fairly acknowledged that the king must be right and themselves wrong . But was it , then , so incomprehensible to the hon . gent. , that a misunderstanding should have arisen ? Could he have forgotten , that dealing with one of the clearest-headed men that ever existed ( Mr. Pitt ) , and being a person of unquestionable perspicacity , he had been led to commit himself in a very extraordinary manner , respecting a dissolution of parliament in the year 1784 , from misunderstanding what really passed between him and Mr. Pitt ? Surely , after that , he might conceive a misunderstanding to exist on a complicated question , when he himself had been so much mistaken in a communication upon a very plain and simple point . Then , after the misunderstanding arose , what more could have been done by ministers than withdraw the bill ? What measure more conciliatory could have been adopted ? Nay , it was made a charge , that the late ministers had withdrawn the bill . But , after the sentiments