effects.—My lords , I am the more inclined to be of this opinion , from the gross perversion and exaggeration of the danger and illegality of the extension beyond the Irish act of 1793 . We have nothing to do with the civil exceptions in that act , but only with those which are military ; these exceptions are the commander-in-chief , and general officers on the staff . His majesty consented , by the Irish act , to open the whole army to the Catholics , with these exceptions ; and nobody charges his majesty now on that account with the breach of his coronation oath . It is admitted therefore , that , consistent with the coronation oath , Roman Catholics may be ensigns , lieutenants , captains , majors , and colonels in the army ; but it is argued that they can not rise to the rank of staff officers , consistently with the king 's solemn obligation to support the Protestant establishment of the church of England . My lords , what in the name of wonder can the church have to do with this distinction ? Whether it was or was not consistent with the spirit of the coronation oath , as it applied to the state , though not at all to the church , to open the army to the Catholics at all , it is not now open to argue ; the thing is done , and was by his majesty consented to be extended to Great 361 Britain . We are therefore confined only to the mysterious enigma of the perjury , in carrying on their promotion to be officers on the staff . My lords , as I was no party at all to the bill , I can not but feel a most natural anxiety to deliver myself from the possible imputation of such gross stupidity and folly as to have ever objected to it on that principle . I will state the foundation of my objection by-and-by . The question of entire emancipation is totally different , and ought not to be mixed with the present consideration . But I am quite sure that a man would be pointed at in the streets , who had incurred the ridicule of gravely asserting that , upon any possible view of the coronation oath , in its letter or in its spirit , the difference between colonels and staff-officers , could have any rational application . When it is considered upon the footing of expediency , the question may be very different ; but even there , the king has the staff in his own hand ; for though such promotions might be open to Catholics , the appointment still rests with the king himself . What I object to , therefore , my lords , is , that danger to the church is made the stalking-horse upon this occasion . As far as it is a question of political prudence , it is a fair and reasonable ground of difference of opinion ; but so far as it is a clamour upon religion , it is imposture . It is for that reason that I can not therefore help thinking , my lords , that this is a change , which though it could not have happened without the occasion , yet had not the occasion itself for its only cause , because the consequences altogether outrun such a cause . The objection to this way of considering the subject is , that it conveys a charge or an insinuation on the king himself . My lords , I deny it . It is the present ministers who make that charge upon his majesty , because they give up the pledge as illegal ; they disavow it altogether ; they deny that they have taken it , and leave it with the king . My lords , the obstacle of the king 's oath appears the more extraordinary when we hear it in the mouths of the present ministers , who step into office upon the refusal of the pledge , by their predecessors . When one hears