An attempt to obstruct the power of our great enemy had been tried ineffectually , by a formidable co-operation of the continental powers , and a peace was discreetly attempted , to prevent new disappointments . In regard to the army and navy , the measures the late servants of the crown pursued , were at once constitutional , and directed to increase these two sources of the national defence . As to the army , the mode adopted for its improvement had been argued as a military expedient by those who were much more competent to determine on its policy than he was ; yet , on the ordinary principles of common sense , the measures appeared to his mind reasonable , and that they were constitutional , he had no doubt ; he felt great gratitude to those who proposed them , as they were manifestly conducive to remove the evil so much feared by our ancestors , he meant the existence of a large standing army ; and he earnestly entreated of the ministers now in power , that they would not in this respect introduce those changes which might in the sequel be subversive of the constitution . In regard to the navy , there was at least one indication of its good management , since there was no period of our late protracted wars in which fewer captures had been made . If he were to proceed further and to examine the positions of the squadrons expanded over the seas , new proofs would be supplied of the politic conduct in that important department . With respect to the finances , it was seen that the greatest economy had been applied , although perhaps the great capitalists of the country were among those who were the least satisfied with the arrangements . Discontent under such circumstances was in human nature , and could not be separated from it . It was impossible that there should not be a predilection with persons of large fortune , in favour of those who would enable them to employ it to the greatest advantage . But although he would not depreciate men of great pecuniary resources , yet there was a middle order of men who had patiently sustained the burthen of this expensive war , 437 and who would do their utmost to sustain it , as long as they had confidence in those who directed his majesty 's councils : that class of men would perceive , that the plan laid down by the late ministers was calculated to relieve them , under such extraordinary pressure , and would feel mortified and disheartened when it was abandoned . Had not these advisers of the crown met every enquiry into their financial system with a manly and temperate spirit , in order to adopt every improvement , and to give the fullest satisfaction to those who were to sustain the heat and labour of the day ? In this situation of things , his friends , who had retired from office , had carried with them the approbation of their own consciences , confirmed by the respect and gratitude of their country . It had been asserted , that the late administration had been inactive , in not affording to our allies the assistance they expected . He granted , that they had not subsidized the nations of Europe , as had been done on former occasions , but they had acted more wisely ; and by stationing the naval force in proper directions , they had must powerfully co-operated with those who defended the common cause . He was astonished to hear it said , that there might be an exercise of the royal prerogative , for which no one could , or ought to be responsible . If it might be so in one instance , it might be so in all cases , and nothing could be inure unconstitutional than such a principle . With regard to loyalty , the term itself was too tame and cold to express that empassioned attachment which a British subject felt towards his sovereign . His majesty had constantly