the memory and character of the marquis of Rockingham , although he was too young to have had the happiness of any acquaintance with him , no one could 217 be more willing than he was to pay the utmost tribute of respect . Towards another distinguished member ( lord Lansdowne ) of that administration under which that grant took place , he felt both respect and gratitude , for to that noble lord he owed much personal kindness . But still he could not express any approbation of the grant they thought proper to sanction , either upon the grounds of constitutional principle or expediency . The right honourable and learned gentleman seemed to allude to some instances of persons being rewarded by pensions for quitting the lucrative profession of the law to engage in politics . He really never heard of any such instance . [ the case of lord Grantley was mentioned across the table . ] But , resumed the noble lord , that case does not apply ; for that noble lord , who was Speaker of the house of commons , was placed in a situation where legal knowledge was essential to the performance of his duty , and that knowledge augmented his title to the liberality of provision . Lord Ashburton , too , filled an high office in the house of lords , and was a cabinet minister . In both the cases the noble lords alluded to were not taken out of their profession , properly speaking . But such was not the case with the right honourable gentleman referred to in the present debate . He did not mean to speak of that right honourable gentleman with any personal disrespect ; but certainly he could not compare his pretensions with those of Mr. Dunning . No , they were not to be placed on the same footing , and therefore the analogy contended for could not hold . But , if the arrangement were to make the right honourable gentleman lord chancellor , he should have no objection , neither should he object to see him occupy any of the high legal offices in that house for which his abilities and habits so peculiarly fitted him ; but when he saw him leaving his profession for the purpose of pursuing finance , he could not help feeling some surprise , and something more when it was proposed to give the right honourable gentleman a bonus for this singular transfer . Upon this point , however , he did not mean to say more , for indeed it was unnecessary after the admirable , speech of his right honourable friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) , who very justly observed , that of all the other departments , that of chancellor of the exchequer was the one for which the right honourable gentleman seemed to be least qualified . If , however , the right honourable gentleman chose to pursue the career of politics in preference to the career of the law , he must take it with all its risks . It 218 had been , the noble lord observed , ascribed to the party with whom he had the honour to act , that they pretended to comprehend all the talents of the country . If they had ever imagined themselves to be so , it would have been a most arrogant presumption indeed ; but they always disclaimed any such pretensions , although it suited the purpose of newspaper libellers to persist in repeating the charge ; a charge , indeed , which he , for one , took occasion , as often as opportunity served , to repel . But , without arrogating any extraordinary degree of talents to those with whom he was connected ; without attempting any contrast with their opponents , he would ask , what estimate was to be formed of the ability of those honourable gentlemen who felt obliged to go to the law for a chancellor of the exchequer , and to offer him a premium for accepting the office ? On this head little remained to be added to what the