decided disapprobation . Indeed I do not at all know exactly how his majesty felt disposed upon them ; but of this I am convinced , that his objections against them , if any , were never so strong as not to be got over by the advice of his parliament , and that the royal negative would never have been resorted to upon those two subjects . This , I believe , was generally understood . But what was the case in this present instance ? Here was a measure proposed of the very highest importance , not merely correcting a supposed defect , leaving the principle entire , but tearing up by the root a fundamental principle of the constitution ; a measure , too , against which , as I have frequently said before , the crown was known to have so decided an objection , taken up on the most deliberate consideration of the subject for years , that it was morally certain the royal negative would be applied to it if it should pass both houses of parliament . If this does not mark the wildest distinction , I do not know what that term means . Almost upon every possible occasion , I am persuaded , that his majesty would sacrifice his own opinion to that of both houses of parliament deliberately expressed : but there are certain subjects which , more particularly than others , involve the great leading fundamental principles of the constitution . On these the crown is bound to exercise its own judgement , and support its own opinion , not rashly , but with due examination of the subject and mature reflection ; even if this opinion should be contrary to that of 298 both houses of parliament ; otherwise , that essential branch of the legislature would be neglectful of the first duty which it owes to the country , namely , that of supporting the constitution to the best of its judgement . The crown would become a cypher , a mere dead letter of the constitution , and our legislature would no longer consist of king , lords , and commons ; but lords and commons only . And further , if the confidential and responsible servants of the crown entertain a different opinion from the crown on these supposed occasions , it never can be held that the crown is obliged to subscribe to their advice , otherwise the ministers would be a branch of the legislature , and not the crown ; the crown would be a mere pageant , politically defunct . I must here observe , sir , that as ministers absolutely refused to withdraw the stipulation to which I have just alluded , the king would have acted unconstitutionally in retaining them in their situations , because he could not have done so without signing a stipulation which one of the wisest principles of the constitution would not permit him to sign . The counter-condition which is said to have been afterwards demanded by his majesty from his ministers , I must think , sir , was perfectly natural , and the immediate consequence of the conduct of those ministers . Their stipulations gave rise to the other . It was certainly quite a natural feeling of the human mind to require security against the recurrence of such harassing , such afflicting attacks , from which it was well known that no advantage could arise to the country , but quite the contrary , as they would be constantly reviving the agitation of a subject , which if it can not be agitated to any good purpose , had much better , for the most obvious reasons , lie dormant . But , sir , admitting as I do that ministers could not bind themselves by the pledge required , I must ever think that his majesty could not constitutionally admit of their stipulation , and consequently that their refusal to withdraw it could only terminate in their dismissal from office . Had they withdrawn their demand upon the crown , the pledge they complained of would have been withdrawn also