was not aware that in this stage the measure would occasion much debate . He could , indeed , hardly persuade himself that any serious objection to it could exist in the minds of the house or of the public ; with regard to the latter part of it , the whole extent of the provision was , to prevent dissenters from being interrupted in the exercise of their own religion , and compelled to adopt a religion , irreconcilable to their faith . This was the whole extent ; it held out no encouragement to them ; it established no institution for their support or increase . The abolition of restrictions in point of rank would place before the sons of the gentry of Ireland , those fair objects of ambition , it would open to them that career of glory , the pursuit of which was synonimous with the advancement of the best interests of the empire . On the commonalty of Ireland the measure must have a powerful effect , by affording a salutary check to the increasing superabundant population of that country , as it would induce numbers to enter into the service of his majesty ; even of those who by their own discontents , and by the artifices of others , had so lately been urged into 8 insurrection and rebellion.—The noble , lord concluded with moving , `` That , leave be given to bring in a bill for enabling his , majesty to avail himself of the services of all his liege subjects in his naval and military forces , in the manner therein mentioned . '' although he would not at present enter into any debate on the proposed bill , yet , as the principle of it was one which he felt it his bounden duty to oppose , he thought it right , even in the first instance , to apprise the noble lord of the nature of his objections , and to call the serious attention of the house , and of the public , to one of the most important and most dangerous measures that had ever been submitted to the judgment of the legislature . It was not so much to the individual measure which he objected , but to the system of which it formed a part , which was growing day after day , and threatening to expand into the most alarming magnitude . If it was desirable to preserve any thing of our ancient and venerable establishments it could only be effected by making a stand against every fresh attempt at innovation . To what did the proposed measure tend ? With any degree of consistency its supporters could not stop short of abolishing all the tests which the wisdom of our ancestors had thought it necessary to interpose in defence of our religious establishment . The proposed measure was a partial repeal of the test act , founded on arguments which went to the repeal of that act . It was his firm conviction , that if the legislature wished to preserve Ireland to this country , if they wished to keep the two islands united , they would maintain the protestant interest in Ireland , under which toleration was permitted , and not run the risk of sacrificing that interest to another , which , when in power , had not permitted toleration , and which , if it regained power , might revert to its former practice , as it declared that its principles were Unchangeable . It was the more necessary to pause on this subject , as it had been thought wise and liberal to provide the means of support for a priesthood to instruct three millions of people in the catholic religion , and thus perpetually to combat the progress of protestantism . From the arguments that were advanced at the present day , a man might almost be led to suppose that one religion was considered as good as the other , and that the reformation was deemed only a convenient and political measure . He was far from ascribing indifference on this point to the