said committee , until again summoned by the Speaker 's warrant , in order that time should be allowed to the commissioners for examining evidence upon this subject in Ireland.—Upon the motion of Mr. G. Rose , new writs were ordered for Christchurch , in the room of the right hon . George Rose , who , since his election , had accepted the office of treasurer of the navy ; and of Mr. S. Bourne , who had accepted the office of one of the lords commissioners of the treasury.—Upon the motion of sir J. Newport , the Irish Stamp Duty bill , and the Irish Servants ' Wages bill , were read a third time and passed . —MT . Lyttleton gave notice of his intention to submit to the house a motion on Wednesday next , expressive of its sentiments with regard to the late change of administration.—The bill for raising a fund to provide for the Widows and Orphans of Schoolmasters in Scotland ; and the Dover Pilots Regulation bill , were read a second time , and ordered to be committed.—Mr . Swan gave notice , that he would on Monday move that the petitioners from Lancaster upon the subject of colonel Cawthorne 's Election should be heard by counsel at the bar.—Mr . Huskisson , adverting to an order made last session , upon the motion of a noble lord ( H. Petty ) , whom he then saw in his place , for the production of an account with regard to the Scotch excise for a certain number of years , observed , that , in pursuance of that order , there were now behind him two huge volumes , which only contained the accounts of one year , although almost all the clerks in the establishment had been engaged since the order , in preparing it . Now , as he could not conceive the object of the noble lord , or the utility of a compliance with his motion , he gave notice that he would on Monday move for rescinding the order with regard to the 23 preceding years to which it referred . The order of the day for summoning their lordships having been read , pursuant to notice , to submit a motion to the house , respecting the consequences of the late change in his majesty 's councils . He expressed his regret that a matter of such delicacy and importance had not been taken up by abler hands ; but observed that there were times and circumstances under which it was the duty of every noble lord in that house to come forward and offer the best advice his judgment could suggest for the maintenance of the public good . It had always been his anxious wish to see the best talents and abilities the country could boast of , United in a rival exertion of those talents for the public welfare ; but he had to lament the loss of one distinguished man ( Mr. Pitt ) at a most critical period of our affairs , which considerably weakened the administration of which he was the head . He next had the satisfaction of seeing another ministry constituted , which certainly embraced a very great portion of the character , integrity , and talents of the nation . This ministry also lost one of its main supporters ( Mr. FOX ) ; but still it was one from which he expected the country would reap much benefit . That administration had recently , and very unexpectedly , been removed ; and he was sorry to observe , that their removal did not seem to be accounted for on any constitutional and satisfactory grounds . By this double loss , and by the change that had thus taken place in his majesty 's councils , the affairs of the nation were left in a situation which he could not but lament . Indeed , much as he lamented it , he had still more to lament the causes that led to that change , and the nature of the advice which induced his Majesty to make