his hope , but a short time before , that he might not again be distressed on this subject , he now required that he should hear of it no more ; and claimed from his ministers a written declaration to that effect . This he ( lord S. ) understood to be the case ; though at the time when he was speaking , he had neither seen the minute of his late colleagues , nor his majesty 's answer . He believed , however , that the statement was correct ; and he had no hesitation in declaring , that , under any pledge whatever that was to fetter him in the performance of his public duty , he would never accept office , nor remain in it . But this requisition was to be considered with reference , not only to the abstract principle upon which he trusted there could be no difference of opinion , but to the peculiar nature of the case , and to the circumstances with which it was attended . The question to which it applied was not , in his majesty 's estimation , merely political ; it was one of honour and of conscience , connected with the deepest sense of public duty , and of religious obligation ; deriving its importance from the conditions which established the house of Brunswick on the throne , and which at the time of his coronation had been solemnly ratified by himself.—Was it then possible for the house of lords to fix on their journals a recorded censure of a step 399 which could only be ascribed to such feelings , and such principles ? For his own part , had he been one of those to whom the answer was addressed , he should have considered it in no other light than as a painful but decisive proof , that he no longer possessed that portion of the royal confidence , which could afford him a prospect of carrying on the government , to the satisfaction of his majesty ; and he should accordingly have asked permission to retire from his service . Such would have been his conduct ; and here was a material point of difference between his late colleagues and himself . He could not forbear adding , that his majesty , he was confident , had no intention to part with his ministers , previous to the communication of the 15th of March : and he had no other reason for supposing that such was his intention afterwards , excepting as far as he thought it might be inferred from his majesty 's answer . Lord Sidmouth then proceeded to state what appeared to him to be the meaning and tendency of the noble marquis 's motion . It was founded on the supposition of a wrong done ; and that , by the intervention of a secret adviser ; a supposition unsupported by evidence , or by any reasonable presumption , and therefore manifestly inconsistent with justice . No one , he said , could feel more strongly than himself the sound wisdom of that great constitutional principle , that the king can do no wrong : that is , that for every act of executive government , there must be a responsible adviser . But he contended , that there were many functions of the sovereign , which , though strictly legitimate , not only might , but must be performed , without any such responsibility being attached to them , and which must therefore be considered as the personal acts of the king . Of these the constitution does not take cognizance ; nor can they be fit subjects of public discussion . In the present instance , there were few indeed who did not believe that the answer was the answer of the king himself ; that it proceeded from the uninstigated impulse of his own heart . If so , ( and there was not only no evidence , but no rational presumption to the contrary , ) where did the resolution point ? To the throne , to the king himself !