and he pledged himself that Richard Brinsley Sheridan was one line , Somerset-house a second , and the third was Treasurer , Navy . The copy before the house was exactly similar , except that the third line was treasurer of the navy , instead of treasurer , navy , as in the original . What inference could be drawn from such evidence as this , except that the allegations that were founded upon it were false ? Drake said at first , he went by authority of Mr. Sheridan to buy up the letter from Harris , and he avowed that , at that very time , he intended to make use of the letter 158 against Mr. S. : but this he afterwards retracted , and said , he formed the determination of using the letter against Mr. S. , on some subsequent provocation . But Harris before that time had returned from Portsmouth , and had given Mr. S. a copy of the letter , and was advised by Mr. S. to deliver up the original to the messenger of that house , or to Mr. Paull 's agents . But Harris was unwilling to part with the letter till he should produce it before the committee of the house , according to his summons . If , after this , there could be a doubt , that the allegations in the petition , so contrary to these facts , were false , it was impossible that any inference could be deduced from internal evidence . The charges with respect to the tampering by agents , were equally unfounded . Only one person was liable in the slightest degree that the most forced constructions could exaggerate into any thing like tampering ; and that person , who had not thought it necessary to defend himself either personally or by counsel against such an accuser , could not be said to be an agent of Mr. Sheridan . He did not wish to implicate Mr. Powell : but Richardson who , by the bye , had answered yes and no at different times to the same question , confessed , that he went to Mr. Burgess to tempt him to offer him money , with the intention to betray that offer . But Mr. Burgess , like a wise and honourable man , would not listen to any such proposition . This same Mr. Richardson confessed , that he wrote a letter to Mr. T. Sheridan , in which he threatened to go over to the other party , unless he got money . And he likewise went to Mr. Burgess , and offered to betray to him copies of the whole of the proceedings of Mr. Paull 's committee : but this offer also Mr. Burgess , like an honourable man , refused . He should be sorry to accuse Mr. Paull or Mr. Powell of being concerned in a conspiracy ; but he thought that if they could not have taken care to prevent such acts , they should have at least more maturely weighed the evidence of such persons , before they founded such charges upon it . He acquitted the counsel of any improper intention in what they had offered to the house ; but they should consistently with their usual diligence , have sifted more minutely the false and scandalous evidence by which the false and scandalous allegations in the petition were supported . He agreed in the propriety of the motions proposed by his hon . friend.—The motion was then agreed to , lord Folkestone alone having faintly said `` no . '' then moved , that William Drake , in giving his evidence , was guilty of wilful falsehood and gross prevarication . Agreed to.—Mr T. also moved that William Drake , for the said offence , be committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate , and that the Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly . Ordered . observed , that though the other witnesses for the petitioner had grossly misconducted themselves , he did not think it necessary to have recourse to any further severity , and therefore would