it had at one time sent 250 men , and at another 200 to the first battalion . There was a physical as well as a moral improvement in the quality of the recruits . ( Here there was a general coughing , which was stopped by a cry of order ! ) The hon . Bart . said , he was happy to find that the coughing did not proceed from any indisposition in the health of the house , though it might from an indisposition to hear him ( a laugh ) . The measure produced 500 men a week since January , which was in the proportion of 26,000 a year . If this measure was visionary and quixotic , he wished we had more of such quixotism . The physical superiority of the recruits now detained was evinced by the small proportion rejected ; their moral superiority by the reduced number of de- 106 sertions . He was sure , that however cold calculation might anticipate the possibility of the return of a large number of men at the expiration of their periods , leaving our colonial service in a circumstance of great exigency , there would always be found in the bosom of British soldiers a spirit which would never permit them to return to their homes while the service of their country required their service abroad . He cited the instance of a Scotch regiment under Marquis Cornwallis , in India , which , though its period of service had expired , volunteered for an expedition then fitting out , with the exception of two men , who afterwards came back , and begged to be received , but whom the regiment , with a becoming esprit de corps , refused to receive . He also cited the instance of the new regiments raised for service , limited in point of space as well as of time , that volunteered to accompany sir Ralph Abercrombie in his expedition to Egypt , and argued for unlimited service both in time and space , in order to have their offers accepted . He saw all this , and felt and marked it as a proof of national honour , which would never admit a British soldier to avail himself of the expiration of his period of service , in order to retire , when his country should be in want of his arm , but on the contrary would prompt him to renew his engagement and to persevere till the danger was dissipated . Having set out with the intention to be brief , and having received frequent hints from gentlemen to that effect he would now sit down ; for , though he had something more to say , he thought he could not leave the house under a better impression than what he had just said was calculated to produce . thanked the hon . general for his statement . Though not intended for that purpose , it fully corroborated many of the predictions made by himself and his friends respecting the consequences of the military plan introduced by the right hon . secretary . Frequently had he adverted to the inconveniencies and difficulties that must arise from that plan to the colonial service , from the discharge of men in time of war , & c. ; but it would seem that men now crowded so thick to fill up the ranks , that all these inconveniences and difficulties would vanish before the magic operation of the new system . Yet he could not help wishing that the effects of this astonishing bill might be compared with those not only of the recruiting , but also of the parish bill . It would then be seen ( and he could 107 prove it even from the papers on the table ) that the two months , namely February and March , of the year 1805 , exceeded the returns of the two favourite months , set forth as so productive , under the influence of the new system . Even in the last stage of its existence , the parish bill produced 1265