that the sitting member , sir Charles Ross , was duly elected ; and that the petition was not frivolous nor vexatious.—Mr . Long moved , that a new writ should be issued for a member for the borough of Plympton , in the room of lord Castlereagh , who had accepted the office of one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state ; and also , for the borough of Newton , in the room of Mr. Canning , who had accepted the office of one of the principal secretaries of state . Ordered.—Lord Howick adverted to the promise which he had given of an explanation with respect to the change of administration . To-morrow there would be a motion for an adjournment for some days , and he was unwilling that the house should separate without the explanation being given . He therefore gave notice that he would give that explanation the next day.—Sir S. Romilly , pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill to render the Freehold Estates of traders liable to the Bankrupt laws dying indebted assets for the payment of their simple contract debts . As there seemed a general concurrence that a bill of this nature would be unobjectionable , he need not enter upon the grounds of the motion . He was sorry that the other bill bad been lost ; but since he could not do all the good he wished , he most at least endeavour to do all the good he could . The motion was then put and carried . —The house resolved itself into a committee of Ways and Means . conscious how little claim he had to occupy the attention of the house at any time , but much less at the present , said he should endeavour to make his statements as briefly as possible ; nor should he have to trouble the committee on the subject , if it had not been for the circumstance of his having so great a share in negociating the Loan last Monday for Ireland . The hon . baronet then briefly stated the different items of the Supplies for Ireland , composed of its separate charges , and its two-seven-teenth parts of the joint charge of the empire , which made the whole charge amount to £9,561,218 . Part of the loan for Ireland had been contracted for with the English 190 Loan , the remainder he wished to have separately contracted for , because he was anxious that it should be made payable at the Bank of Ireland , for the purpose of obviating the inconveniences that were felt from the Irish government , they being obliged to draw upon this country for the money . The terms , however , which had been offered by the gentlemen who were bidders for that loan , were such as it had not been thought right to accept . The loan was , therefore , contracted for by the gentlemen who took the English Loan , upon an advance of 1s . 9d . per cent . interest , which , he trusted , would not under these circumstances be thought material . The Ways and Means , by which he proposed to cover these Supplies , consisting of the loans , of the Revenue of Ireland , which he took at the same as last year , viz . £3,882,790 ; surplus of the Consolidated Fond , £500,000 ; one million of Treasury Bills ; and £300,000 which he proposed by New Taxes and Regulations , amounted in all to £9,685,093 which left an excess of Ways and Means , over the Supply , of £123,875 . The new Taxes and Regulations were to produce , by excess of the Duty on Li- censed Distilleries , arising out of the Re- gulations adopted tact year , over the amount of the antecedent year £120,000 Taking the Allowance of 16 per cent . from large Distilleries 80,000 Augmentation on Duties on Horses , Carts , and Jaunting Cars 40,000 Paper 5,000 Stamps 10,000 Stamps to Retailers 5,000 Excess of Duty on Hats 10,000 An