tended to it was entitled to support . '' After such an opinion , from such a quarter , he thought that no Sound objection could be made to this measure . was friendly to the principle of the bill , and was for carrying it into effect as speedily as possible . He thought also , that industry ought to be combined with knowledge . It was the advantage of the plan which was called Mr. Lancaster 's , but Which was really discovered by Dr. Bell , rector of Swanage , that it afforded , in the rapidity With which it conveyed learning , full time for industry . But though he was Most anxious to have this part of the plan carried into effect , he feared it would hardly be received with satisfaction in the country , 542 unless it should be accompanied with a relief from some part of the burthens of the poor 's rates . The execution of this measure was , besides , to lie not in the best hands . He allowed the clergymen of the parishes were the fittest men to superintend the execution of measures of this kind . But the parish officers were associated with the clergymen ; and , from the little time these men could devote to their public functions , abuses would , attend the execution of this plan , as well as the other duties intrusted to these officers . On these grounds , he wished this part of the plan to be postponed , till the whole system should have been passed in the form that parliament should think proper to give it . found it impossible for him to give a silent vote upon the subject . He could not help hailing this bill as a measure auspicious in the highest degree to the industry , the morality , the happiness , and good order of the people of this country . He was happy to give an example of the practical effect of education in the country from which he came ( Scotland ) . It was to that that he attributed the total exemption of Scotland from the heavy burden of the poor laws , which oppress so much the middling classes of society in this country . It was education which gave the poor of Scotland too much pride and spirit to apply for parochial relief in their own country ; and it was education which enabled them to distinguish themselves so much in every line when they left it . As to the emigrations from Scotland , they were generally supposed to proceed from the barrenness of the country , and from the principle of the proverb , `` need makes the old wife trot ; '' but he considered that it rather proceeded from their talents being cultivated by education , and their having , in this respect , an advantage over the people of most nations to which they emigrated . Scotland was , to be sure , a barren country , and yet there were no people on earth more distinguished in horticulture . Scotch gardeners were to be found every where through England and Wales , and it was not only in this art that his countrymen excelled , but in such a variety of arts and sciences , that unless the house were to attribute it entirely to the ingenium Scotorum , they must allow that those advantages had been derived by the diffusion of education , and therefore they might expect the same results from an equal diffusion of it in this country . The Scotch had also learnt the virtue of frugality from education , as it gave thorn all that pride that 543 was necessary to maintain themselves in independence . mentioned , that in the part of England that he lived in , ( Cornwall ) , education was pretty generally diffused ; at least so much of it , that almost every person there had learned reading , writing , and something of arithmetic . He thought it was easy to persuade parents , that it was to