voice of the country in their favour , what have they to fear ? But , be the event what it may , with their king they must stand or fall . declared , that the propositions contained in the resolution moved by the noble marquis had , in the abstract , his unqualified assent . He had no doubt of the principle , that a privy counsellor , who should restrain himself by a pledge , from advising his majesty to the best of his judgement , would be guilty of a high breach of duty . He was also satisfied , that the late administration possessed and deserved the confidence of the country . He did not mean to imply an unreserved approbation of all their proceedings ; but he did not expect to see an administration of more than human perfection . The fair criterion , by which to judge the late administration was , to compare their conduct with that of others ; and in this view he was ready to maintain , that considering the short duration of their power , they had accomplished , or put into a fair train of accomplishment , more important measures of public good , and that with less of reprehensible conduct , than perhaps any administration within our memory . He was also of opinion , that in the present state of Europe , the loss of a firm and stable administration 377 was an event deeply to be deplored.—The question before the house , however , was not whether these principles were true , but whether it was proper , under all the circumstances of the case , for the house to record an opinion on the subject . The plain object and intention of the motion , was to convey a censure on the dismissal of his majesty 's late ministers , as founded on an unconstitutional act ; a censure in which he could not concur . The adoption of this motion , or of any other of a similar tendency , he considered as an unwarrantable interference in the exercise of the prerogative.—The right of parliament , he said , to advise the crown upon the choice of ministers , can not go so far as to entitle the house to question the motives of his majesty , for dismissing ministers who had lost his confidence . The king can not be required to take advice from men , in whom he can not confide ; and , were there no other reason , a diminution of confidence is a sufficient ground for a change in his majesty 's councils . If upon such a change , improper persons are substituted , it becomes the duty as it is the right , of parliament to state their opinion of the unfitness of the persons appointed : but it is on these grounds of expediency only , that they can recommend one set of men or reprobate another . It can never be maintained , that the king is accountable to parliament for his conduct in changing his advisers . Such a doctrine would sap the foundations of the constitution . If the motives for a change in his majesty 's councils be a fit subject for parliamentary investigation , as well might the two houses proceed to the election of a ministry by a ballot.—Except upon the principle here contended for , it would be impossible to prevent discussions , which are admitted on all hands to be utterly unfit for parliament discussions upon the personal conduct of the king , and on points at issue between him and his ministers . To illustrate this , let it be supposed , that the opposite principle were established , that the motives for a change of ministers are a fit subject of parliamentary enquiry ; and then let an extreme case be put : let it be supposed , that a minister should in council offer a gross personal insult to his majesty , such as would be an unpardonable offence from one individual to another ; would there be a doubt that such a