Bewick , then Chairman of a committee at Lloyd 's for the relief of the sufferers in that action . He begged , therefore , to be understood as retracting his assertion , and he would move for documents to explain the circumstance ; but lest any false impression should go abroad , that when those papers should be produced , he would propose the liberation of the prisoner , he would observe , that the circumstance which he had just mentioned was not the only misrepresentation and falsehood contained in Mr. Drake 's evidence . There were numerous others ; among the rest he had declared , that he had never applied for relief to the admiralty , when in fact he had done so to the very person by whom he had been questioned . He therefore would first move for copies of all communications made by capt . Bligh , late of the Director , to N. Bewick , esq . chairman of the committee at Lloyd 's , for the relief of wounded seamen . The Speaker observed , with regard to the latter part of the motion , that the Society were not known to that house , and therefore could not form part of a motion from the Chair . Mr. Windham concurred in this opinion , declaring , that however good the intentions of the society alluded to , it would be very improper that it should be recognized in that house . Mr. Fuller seemed to think that Drake ought to be liberated . After a few words from Mr. Rose , and Mr. Jeffery , Mr. Whitbread withdrew his motion on account of the improper recognition which it contained ; but in reply to Mr. Fuller 's observations , repeated , that the imprisonment of Mr. Drake , was not in consequence of the circumstance alone which he had just cleared up.—On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , the following papers were then ordered to be laid before the house : a copy of the Smart Ticket produced by . Mr. Drake , whereby he received a pension from the chest of Greenwich : also , a copy of the Sick Ticket sent by capt . Bligh , late . of his Majesty 's ship Director , to the hospital at Yarmouth.—Mr . Bankes gave notice of a motion tomorrow respecting places granted in reversion . Lord Howick assured his hon . friend , that he should have his most complete support . Not a single reversion had been given away by the present adminis- 172 tration , although it was well known that several very valuable ones had fallen in— Mr. Herbert obtained leave to bring in a bill to suspend for one year , the penalties on the regrating of Oak Bark.—Lord Temples , finding that the committee on this subject had not yet finished its investigation , intended to allow his bill to drop for the present session , and of course supported the hon . gent 's . motion . presented a petition from the chancellor , masters , and scholars , of the University of Cambridge , taking notice of the bill for enabling his Majesty to avail himself of the services of all his liege subjects in his naval and military forces , in the manner therein mentioned ; and setting forth , that the petitioners are anxious to express their serious apprehensions of the danger likely to arise from the said bill if carried into a law , to the established constitution of this country both in church and state , not only because it might eventually , place a dangerous power in the hands of those persons whose tenets are not friendly to our ecclesiastical establishment , but also because the principle of the bill leads to the total abolition of the Test act , and to other still more alarming consequences ; and therefore praying , that the said bill may not pass into a law . On his lordship 's moving that the petition do lie on the table , not to oppose the motion of the noble lord , but