said in the course of debate , that the declaration of his majesty 's ministers went the length of violating the prerogative of the crown ; 305 but surely that declaration must have been hastily read , or very much misunderstood by those who made such a statement : for his own part , he did not see any thing whether in the declaration made by the late ministers to his majesty on the catholic bill , as it had been improperly called , or in the resolution proposed that night . What was the extent of the declaration which had thus alarmed the minds of gentlemen ? What , he would ask a British assembly , was its object ? Merely to preserve to the servants of the crown , who were also the responsible servants of the people , the liberty of exercising their judgements in the discharge of a duty imposed on them by the solemnity of an oath . Was it for a rigid observance of this sacred obligation , that the late ministers were to be censured ; was it for maintaining their character , their honour , and independence , that it was deemed proper to withdraw from them that confidence which had entrusted to them the administration of public affairs ? He was certain that , on an unprejudiced consideration of this most important subject , it would be admitted that their conduct did not merit the treatment it had experienced . But did they persevere in the Catholic measure ? No ; for as soon as they discovered that it was extremely objectionable to the royal mind , they consented to withdraw it . A deep sense of duty and particular regard to his majesty 's feelings had induced them to yield to the bent of his inclination ; but after having submitted to the royal consideration this measure , which they thought of the greatest magnitude , being one , in their opinion , which involved the interest and security of the empire , and having after wards withdrawn it from deference to his majesty , what more could they have done to give satisfaction in the highest quarter ? Could it be believed that a pledge had been required of them at the very moment when they had given such strong proof of their high respect for his majesty 's opinion ? This , however , they declined to do , because such a pledge would be , in their estimation , a departure from every honest principle , a violation of their oaths as his majesty 's counsellors , and an infringement of the constitution . If they had not maintained their honour unsullied , they must surely for feit all claim to confidence , and receive what they would undoubtedly merit , public indignation and censure . This being the case with respect to the declaration of the late ministers , he would ask , whether we could , with any pro- 306 priety , be called on to repose confidence in those who succeeded them ? He did not mean to say , that his majesty 's present ministers had given any such pledge as that required from the late ministers : but what was the fair inference ? Unquestionably , that they were ready to do what their predecessors in office had declined . He candidly confessed that he was unwilling to place any reliance on such men , under the circumstances of the case . He did not see any ground on which they had entitled themselves to the confidence of the country , whether he considered the motives which had induced them to come into office , or whether he looked to the effect likely to be produced by such an administration . Here the question naturally suggested itself , what influence could such a change produce in Ireland ? That unfortunate country was in the enjoyment of perfect tranquillity , and greatly attached to its government . If he were to refer to the sentiments of Ireland respecting the late ministers , he could not more strongly instance them than by stating the