it ; and it was even doubtful , if , after all , this measure would , in any degree , diminish the traffic in slaves on the coast of Africa . He wished his forebodings and fears might go no farther ; but , at any rate , he must renounce the honour and glory of effecting a measure which would be productive , as some gentlemen expected , of such salutary effects ; as the same time , disclaiming any share in the pernicious consequences , which , to his apprehension , were much more likely to accrue from its adoption . replied to his right hon . friend , who , in saying that the same arguments which applied to the abolition of the slave trade , also applied to the abolition of slavery , had blended two things which ought to be kept distinct . The one was in our power , the other was in our hope , but not at present in our power . With respect to the treatment of slaves in the West Indies , he wanted no testimony on that subject . Despotism must lead to cruelty . As in the words of Shakespeare , `` Mercy is twice blest , it blesseth him that gives , and him that takes ; '' so despotism was twice cursed . It cursed him that exercised it , and him on whom it was exercised . He trusted , therefore , that the present measure was the preamble of the future ; but at the same time he was aware that the ultimate step must I taken with the utmost tenderness , caution and deliberation . To give immediate freedom to men who had always been accustomed to slavery , would be productive of the most serious consequences . With regard to the wealth derived from the West Indies , we had paid for it more than `` human sinew bought and sold '' ever produced to this coun- 138 try . He painted in strong colours the morality which took place among our troops in the West Indies , and contended , that if we could recover all our brave countrymen who had been sacrificed in that country , they , would be cheaply purchased by the relinquishment of all the riches which had flowed from it . He ridiculed the idea of the colonies quitting the protection of Britain ; they had too much good sense to take such a rash step ; for they must well know , that as we were masters of the sea , we must also be masters of the soil . Nor did he apprehend that the abolition of the slave trade would cause any insurrection among the blacks . Had it not been in agitation for 20 years , and had there been the least ferment among them in consequence ? After a warm panegyric on his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , who had the abolition ever at heart ; and on his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , by whose unwearied exertions the question had at length been brought to a successful termination , he concluded by declaring , that he had never given a vote with more heartfelt satisfaction than that which he should give on the motion before the house . lamented his difference in opinion from his hon . friend ( Mr Wilberforce ) . However the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , might , by the superior brilliancy of his genius and ingenuity of argument , disguise the question , it was possible that the measure now before the house could ever accomplish what the liberal mind of his hon . friend had for so many years in contemplation . The only result would be , that perhaps the attachment to the mother country would be a little shaken , the people in our West India colonies might be driven to import contrary to the wish and order of parliament , end the number of deaths would most probably be increased . called most seriously the attention