a commission of inquiry . expressed a hope that the noble and learned lord who spoke last , and who had acknowledged that he had been often induced to change his opinion , upon various subjects , had now from conviction , changed that prejudice and opinion , he had some time since entertained , with respect to one-fourth of his majesty 's subjects , he meant the Roman catholics . An opinion and prejudice most disgraceful to this country , in the eyes of every enlightened nation on the globe . entered at large into the nature and object of the proposed change . He did-not see the benefits which the noble baron was so sanguine as to expect from the measure . It was , in his mind , an innova- 488 tion on that system of jurisprudence , which the Scotch nation , at the period of the revolution , were so anxious to preserve and perpetuate . But he acquiesced in the proposition of the noble baron ( lord Hawkesbury ) with respect to making it a measure of temporary experiment , until a commission was appointed for the purpose of fully ascertaining the general grounds of the measure , and the general feeling of the nation to whom it peculiarly related , could not contemplate , without surprise , the conduct of noble lords relative to this measure . They had taken advantage of the late ministerial . changes , totally to new-model the object and detail of the system so ably proposed by his noble friend , and so long desired by Scotland . Such conduct went to mock the expectations of the people of Scotland , and to cheat them of their hopes . to oppose the intention of the noble lords , in trying to take an advantage of the house , and in proposing to a committee , in the form of an amendment , a measure altogether new in its principles . Such conduct was a violation of the privileges , and a complete disregard of the opinion of the people ; that opinion which his noble friend , who first introduced the measure , had used every means fully to acquire and understand . The noble viscount ( Melville ) had talked of innovations Every remedy for an existing evil , was throughout the whole period of his administration for that country , considered by him as an innovation . But was it a measure to promote a system of jobbing and of favouritism , it would have fully accorded with his views . He thought the noble lords ought to be ashamed of attempting to pass such a juggle on the house . stated , that notwithstanding the very extensive information that he had heard communicated upon this subject from both sides of the house , be confessed that his mind was not sufficiently informed as to how far this measure might be considered to affect the administration of justice in that part of the island to which it was directed . He had listened attentively with the hope that some noble lord might so far enlighten his mind , and set his doubts upon this point at rest . However , as he was disappointed in this respect , he must beg leave to solicit the assistance of some noble lord , as to how he should now proceed in order to obtain the opinion of the judges on this subject . expressed his regret that the noble lord had not thought of suggesting his desire to obtain further information at an earlier hour . repeated , that he had hoped to have heard the legality of the question placed beyond all doubt by one of the learned lords on the other side of the house . The judges , however , were at hand , and might easily be called in , if it was their lordships ' pleasure . [ A call of move ! move ! from the treasury bench . ] His lordship accordingly moved , that the judges be now called in.—Upon which lord Hawkesbury and the lord chancellor suggesting the great