found it unprofitable , about 12 months ago . —Do you know Drake 's father ? I know , a person whom I believe to be Drake 's father ; I can not say whether he is Drake 's father or not , I have rho reason to doubt it.—Did you ever write to a person whom you suppose to be Drake 's father ? I did.—Did you believe him to be Drake 's father when you wrote to him ? I did.—Do you state now that you only suppose him to be Drake 's father ? As to supposition I do not know , I have no reason to doubt his being Drake 's father.— Where do you live ? At 29 , Knightsbridge . Did you ever see live in Frith-street ? I did.—Did you ever see Drake in Frith Street ? Yes.—Did any conversation take place on the subject of a letter to Emanuel Harris ? Yes.—State what that was . On the 10th of Feb. Shrove Tuesday , Drake came to my house . The day before that , the investigation had taken place before Mr. Graham , 42 the magistrate . That evening he called on me , I asked him if he had written a letter , and got it signed by Mr. S. , as was stated by Harris in his examinations ; he said that he had given Harris a letter , but that Harris was a very great rascal , and a fellow not to be depended on , and made use of some very improper language ; at the same time he told me he had got the letter , and that Mr. S. gave it Harris : I told him that Harris had stated in his examinations , which were taken by Mr. Graham , that Drake obtained a sum of money for a letter for Harris , that Harris gave him a sum of money for the letter which he obtained for him , signed by Mr. S. , and he said it is not material about Harris , he is a very great rascal , but he dare not appear , he is afraid of me ; I have written two letters to him this week , desiring him to keep out of the way , and not to appear . I told him certainly , that in writing those two letters it appeared to me he had injured his character very much , in desiring a witness , who had been served with an order to attend this house , to keep out of the way ; and as to the other letter , I said , I suppose it is of no consequence , but your letters will injure your own character . I told him that . He then said that he did not care , that he would get the letter ; that Mr. S. had used him very ill ; he had been dancing after him many years , and made him many promises ; and that he was offered money by the other party , and that he was determined to give Mr. S. up.—Did you say to Drake , it would be a good thing if he could get that letter from Harris ? No.—Did you say any thing about getting the letter from Harris ? NO.—When did the acquaintance between you and Drake begin ? That evening.—Was there any wine drank that evening ? Yes—Much ? No , not much . Mr. Drake told me that evening that he could drink 6 bottles of claret without affecting him ; and I.told him , as an Irishman , I had no objection to take a bottle of wine with him . He told me he was an Irishman , but a few days afterwards his father told me he was not an Irishman.—At this first meeting between you and Drake , you sat down and took wine together ? Yes.—Did any further conversation take place between you and-Drake ? . Nothing material took place , that I recollect.—How came yon to write a letter to Drake 's father ? On