from any disinclination on the part of his majesty to dispense justice throughout this empire , with the most extended , most liberal , and most impartial hand , certainly not from any want of paternal solicitude of the tenderest nature for the universal welfare , prosperity , tranquillity , and happiness of his subjects . The whole of his majesty 's most benignant reign , from the first hour of it , to the present , has been one great uninterrupted proof of the contrary . But , sir , I conceive this reluctance chiefly to have arisen from a conviction that the measure was not necessary , as the inconvenience arising from the anomaly was much more speculative than real , and that infinite practical mischief might probably ensue from agitating the question of the catholic disabilities at all , because it might give rise to pretensions and claims which his majesty would find it his indispensable constitutional duty to resist . This reluctant consent being obtained , the next step was to send a dispatch on the subject , to the lord lieutenant of Ireland . Now , sir , if there can exist one case which , above all others , requires that the utmost pains should be taken to make the communication relative to it clear , explicit , and unequivocal beyond all possibility of misconstruction , it certainly was the present . I say , sir , that it behoved ministers to be more careful in 292 wording this dispatch than any other , so that it might admit of only one possible interpretation . It was their bounden duty to take care that the dispatch kept exactly within the limits of his majesty 's consent . This for the most obvious reason , any misinterpretation of it being pregnant with consequences so much to be deprecated . But , sir , instead of this , it seems that the expression of laying open `` all commissions whatever , '' was made use of . This was certainly not illustrative of the provisions of the act of 1793 , to which alone the king had consented ; and how to account for such a great inaccuracy being committed by such able men , by men so versed in business , I must leave to the house to determine ; I can not . The next step we come to is , the noble viscount 's notice of a motion for leave to add some clauses to the mutiny bill . In the wording of this notice , we find the expression laying open `` certain commissions . '' This expression is , sir , in exact conformity to the bill of 1793 , and consequently to his majesty 's consent , but differs totally from the dispatch above alluded to , though that dispatch ought to have been literally expressive of the king 's consent to his ministers proposing to this house that the Irish bill of 1793 should have force of law in the rest of the empire . The king 's consent went no further ; the dispatch went a great deal further ; the one was limited , the other unlimited . When this dispatch was read to the committee of Irish catholics , in Dublin , they naturally caught hold of the expression , `` all commissions whatever , '' which produced the only effect it could produce , namely , their raising at once in their minds the most sanguine expectations . But still , sir , such was their astonishment at the king 's having at once given up the opinions and principles of his whole life , which had hitherto appeared to be too firmly fixed ever to be eradicated or shaken ; so astonished were they at this sweeping removal of such an important and extensive portion of their disabilities , that they could hardly believe it , though the expression seemed only to admit of one interpretation , and they signify their wish for a further explanation , from the lord lieutenant . A communication to this effect arrives from the lord lieutenant . This