question more maturely in retirement , and coupling it with the consideration of the honourable , unalterable , and conscientious repugnance of his sovereign , he altered that opinion , and determined never again to press his sovereign on a question , to which he was so conscientiously and invincibly averse . This determination was formed long before Mr. Pitt returned to office , and was communicated to his majesty long before that period , accompanied with Mr. Pitt 's assurance to adhere to it equally , whether he should be in or out of office . On this principle Mr. Pitt came into office in 1804 . He would ask the noble baron who had opened this 255 discussion , on the other side , whether , if the offer that had been made to him at that time to come into office with Mr. Pitt had been in other respects so agreeable as to have induced him to accept it , he would have insisted on the right of stating his opinions in favour of this catholic measure ? The consideration of the question was at all times a consideration of expediency , which should be weighed maturely ; but though the oath of office bound each of his majesty 's counsellors to advise him to the best of his judgment and discretion in all such cases , there were other considerations also that ought to be included . The conduct of the late ministers , with respect to the bill they had brought forward , was subject to the imputation , that they had either brought it forward lightly , without sufficient occasion , or without sufficient grounds : or , if they had sufficient grounds in bringing it forward , they surrendered it in disregard of their oath of office , which binds them in all cases to give advice to the best of their judgment . As to the pledge demanded by his majesty that he should not be again troubled on this question , that arose from the reservation with which the measure then before parliament was given up . It was one thing to retain former opinions , as individual members of parliament , and another thing to state those opinions as members of parliament in the situation of ministers of the crown , with all the weight and influence annexed to that station . Was it for his majesty to expose himself to be constantly disturbed on a matter , with respect to the refusal of which he had already formed a clear , distinct , honourable , unalterable , and conscientious determination ? He did not blame the late ministers for their adherence to their own opinions , but they ought to allow the sovereign whom they praised so much some right to maintain his opinion ; and after their attempt to make the conditions that had been stated to him , it was not surprising that he wished to secure himself by requiring a corresponding pledge from them . If any of the disastrous cases which had been supposed with respect to Ireland should arise , it would be an awkward thing indeed if any of his majesty 's ministers should be in the situation to get up and say to his majesty , all this has happened by your adhering to your own opinions , and not to my advice . He disliked those suppositions of disastrous cases , those prophecies of ill , thrown out on this occasion by noble lords on the other side , for those who made such prophecies had always a disposition to 256 realise them , or at least a wish to seet hem realised . If men in office held opinions different from those of their sovereign , he did not say they ought to give their opinions up ; but if the sovereign could find other servants who would undertake to conduct the government , without requiring this sacrifice , he had certainly the right to appoint and make use of them . These persons might think , that by pursuing other conciliatory measures with respect to Ireland , ( for