in order were English , and the last Scots . This was in exact proportion with their respective systems of education among the lower orders . Several gentlemen had objected to the great additional expense of which , it was apprehended , this plan of education might be productive . He contended that that expense had been considerably overrated . He had said that they would not in any case exceed one shilling in the pound , and then it was immediately concluded that the expenses were in all cases to be estimated at a shilling in the pound . The hon . gent . then took a view of the plan as affecting the metropolis . In the parish of St. Giles , no less than 5000 children , the offspring of the labouring Irish , were daily advancing in ignorance to maturity . Mr. Lancaster was likely to contribute still further to the service of his country , by assuming the management of a school in the Seven Dials for carrying on his approved system of mechanical education . He was willing to say , too , that he thought Dr. Bell 's services in this way had been very important.—He bad been advised to postpone the bill for another year . Human existence was uncertain . He might not live for another year , and he was unwilling that the measure should fall into the hands of any one who might be less enthusiastic in the prosecution of it than himself . He concluded by trusting that the house would allow the bill to go into a committee . expressed his readiness to concur in the motion for 551 the Speaker 's leaving the chair , because he was convinced that the investigation of the subject in the committee would be productive of material advantage . He could not , however , agree with the hon . gent . in many of his positions ; and he differed considerably from him in the hostility which he had expressed towards the whole code of the Poor Laws ; a code which , in his opinion , contained a great deal of good , although , certainly , with some alloy of evil.—The house then resolved itself into a committee , in which a conversation arose . Mr. Whitbread was anxious that the bill should be immediately proceeded with , reminding the house that it had lain on the table ever since the 22d of February . Mr. Giddy and Mr. Carey objected to any further proceeding with the bill at that late hour as many objections must necessarily arise against the various clauses . It was agreed , therefore , that the proceedings in the committee should be postponed , and the house having resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Monday . The royal assent was given by commission to the Loan Interest bill , the Irish Loan bill , the Treasurer of the Navy 's Regulation bill , the Customs Fees bill , the Innkeepers Subsistence bill , the Sicilian Prize Money bill , the Tanners bill , several other public , and a number of private bills . The commissioners were the lord chancellor , and lords Walsingham and Hawkesbury.—The bills on the table were forwarded in their respective stages , and the house adjourned till Monday . The house met at half-past three , and were summoned by the black rod to the house of peers to hear the royal assent given to several public and private bills . About a quarter before three o'clock the lord chancellor , earl Camden , and lord Hawkesbury , took their seats as his majesty 's commissioners . Mr. Quarme , the deputy usher of the black rod , was sent to the house of commons to require their attendance . After some time had elapsed , the Speaker , accompanied by a great number of members of the house of com- 552 mons , came to the bar . The royal assent was then notified by the lords commissioners to two private bills , after which , in his