after the subject had so long been under consideration . As to the objection that this measure was an infringement of the act of union , it did not appear to him to be in the least well founded . It was clear that there existed an absolute necessity for remedying the evils Which resulted from the accumulation of business in the court of session more than that court could possibly get through , and the accumulation of appeals in that house . The necessity of some remedy was so evident , that those noble lords who objected to 112 this measure proposed as a substitute the division into two chambers . If the division into three chambers was however an infringement of the act of union , it was perfectly clear , that the division into two chambers was also an infringement . He , however , could not conceive there was any doubt that parliament had the power of making enactments for the better regulation of the court of session . It was a power recognized by an act of the Scotch parliament , and reserved by the words inserted in the article of the act of union . It would be absurd to suppose that the court of session had the power which was acknowledged , of regulating their own proceedings , but that parliament had no paramount power over them . With respect to the trial by jury , the reasons which had been stated for not introducing it into Scotland appeared to him to be the best reasons for its introduction . declared himself friendly to the principle of diminishing the number of lords of session . He had formerly proposed a bill for diminishing their number to ten ; but he confessed he thought the proposition of the noble lord for dividing them into three chambers , much more preferable . He doubted , however , the propriety of establishing a court of review , which he thought an infringement of the act of union , whilst , at the same time , it would not tend ' to diminish the number of appeals to that house , as the litigants would still be anxious to appeal to the last resort . With respect to the trial by jury , he did not think it would be productive of those beneficial effects which were looked for by the proposers of the bill ; it was ill suited to the habits of the people of Scotland , neither did they wish for its introduction . quoted the 18th and 19th articles of union , for the purpose of proving that the present measure was no infringement upon that act , there being an express reservation that regulations might be adopted for the administration of justice , consistently with public policy , and for the evident utility of the subject . The division of the court of session into three chambers , and the establishment of a court of review , were questions of public policy , respecting which parliament had undoubtedly the power of deciding . The court of session had formerly established regulations by acts of sederunt for the more speedy administration of justice , and it were absurd to suppose that parliament had not tie paramount power to enforce regulations for the better 113 administration of justice . The introduction of the trial by jury formed part of the resolutions passed last session , and since that period no petition had been presented to the house from any part of Scotland against that part of the plan . He was therefore warranted in supposing that there was no objection to its introduction . after modestly apologising for offering himself to the attention of the house upon such a subject , expressed himself of the same opinion with the noble lord ( Melville ) , and cited an opinion delivered by that great lawyer , the earl of Mansfield , that the introduction of the trial by jury in Scotland , so far from being advisable , might be attended with much hazard in the experiment ; so totally unsuited was it to the