that they were reflecting on the conduct of the marquis of Rockingham and Mr. Fox , in 1782 , and that it Was a corrupt act , so to grant the same place to lord Ashburton ? But his main objection to this motion at present , the learned gentleman Stated to be this , that it took up a broad and general question upon mere personal grounds ; and this he the more regretted , because his right honourable friend to whom it alluded , was certainly one who gave up , it was notorious , a very high and lucrative situation in his profession , for the purpose of serving his sovereign and his country in another department , by which act he certainly ought not to be allowed suffer any loss : but taking a view of the proposition under discussion , upon general grounds , he would appeal to the candour and good sense of the house , whether if a case of universally acknowledged merit should arise , to which a Place of this nature ought to be given for life ; the house should so limit the prerogative as to prevent his majesty from granting it ; whether if a case , 216 for instance , such as that of lord Ashburton should occur the day following , the house itself would not regret the imposition of such a restraint ? He would therefore put it to the house , whether it would not be extremely rash to adopt a resolution of this nature , restraining the legitimate prerogative of the crown , without any inquiry or deliberation as to its tendency and probable consequences ? denied the right hon . and learned gentleman 's assertion , that this motion went to impose any improper restraint upon the royal prerogative , or that it could in any degree be considered an innovation or invasion of that prerogative . For , in point of fact , what did it propose ? Why , nothing more than this , that a place should not be granted for life , which had been heretofore held only during pleasure . He was not at present disposed to enter into a discussion as to the extent of the king 's prerogative ; but this he had no difficulty in saying , that this prerogative did not authorise the grant of places for life , which had been heretofore held during pleasure . This motion , therefore , only proposed to advise his majesty not to do that which according to law he was not warranted in doing . The conduct towards the judges in the reign of William the Third , had no reference whatever to the case now under consideration . If , indeed , the crown could grant places of this nature for life , why not by and by grant the chancellorship of the exchequer itself , or the lord chancellorship for life ? A case of the latter having been so appointed had no , doubt occurred in the person of Wolsey . But , what were the remarks of lord Coke upon that subject ? Why , that the principle of such an appointment was utterly objectionable , that it was not legal to grant those places for life which it had been heretofore usual to hold during pleasure . Such , then , was the object of this motion . It proposed only to declare the law to the crown , in order that no deviation from it should take place . With regard to the precedents referred to in the course of the debate , he had not had time to look into all the proceedings upon them ; but in the case of lord Ashburton , he believed that the propriety of the grant made to that noble lord was at that time much disputed , and , in his opinion , very justly . For , much as he respected the merits of that great man , he certainly should not have voted for such a measure , as he could not think it was a legal grant . To