an establishment of the kind would not be necessary for that purpose . And lastly , whether the establishment of such a court , with judges , as proposed by the bill , he inconsistent with the 18th and 19th articles of the union with Scotland ? `` —The first question was put and agreed to . On the question for proposing the subsequent queries . made a few observations , importing , that the whole of these should be considered as referring to , and arising out of the measure he had the honour to propose . There was no other bill before the house , no other measure could therefore be regularly adverted to . He deprecated the idea of the least ground existing for an apprehension that any thing proposed would overturn the court of session , or clash with the articles of union . felt it incumbent on him to allude to the situation in which the law lords of Scotland were then placed in that house , and expressed his wish that the learned lord 's proposed bill for placing the Scots and Irish judges on an equality in these respects , were brought in ; and which he seemed to think might be passed before it would be necessary for them to deliver their answers . deprecated every idea that the situation in which those respected personages then stood , was in the smallest degree disgraceful , and adverted to the impracticability of getting such a bill through , as hinted by the noble lord.—The question was then put , and the remaining queries were ordered to be put to the Scots judges . then inquired of these learned judges as to the time at which they could conveniently give their answers . replied , that for his own part , he had no objection to answer the queries forthwith , if such were the pleasure Of the house ; but his learned brothers might think differently ; perhaps tomorrow , or Monday might therefore be more convenient . He wished permission from the house to offer a few observations to their lordships . [ A general cry of go on ! go on ! ] The lord president was then entering upon some degree of detail ; upon which , the lord chancellor informed him he must confine himself to the subject of the ques- 518 tion . The lord justice clerk observed , that much would depend on the consideration , whether the answers were to be delivered verbally or in writing . He also adverted to the inconvenience of detaining the Scots judges much longer in town ; and hoped their lordships would not fix upon a longer interval than Monday for receiving the answers . stated , that the rule was , that the reasonings upon which the opinions were founded should be delivered viva voce ; but that the results should be in writing—The questions , as proposed , were then ordered to be printed , and that the Scots judges then present do attend to deliver their answers on Monday next at three o'clock . said , that the general purport of the bill was necessary towards the due execution of the great finance measure brought forward by the late government . That measure had provided an extraordinary annual supply of 32 millions , during an indefinite continuance of the present war , and had assigned , for the liquidation of that supply , certain proportions of the war duties in a revolving series of 14 years ; and also certain excesses of the sinking fund . This important object would be attained with a strict regard to the public faith , and without any new taxes or new burthens for the first 3 years , nor for any subsequent years , except to a small and imperceptible amount . But the new ministers had made a change in the bill as handed over to them by their predecessors , and to that change he wished to call their lordship 's attention . Their lordships would recollect , that in the year 1797 recourse was first had ,