propose no motion with respect to them . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the bill for rendering the Freehold Estates of persons who die insolvent , assets for the payment of their simple contract debts . said , that he did not doubt the present bill would operate in a considerable degree to enlarge the credit of freehold proprietors , and facilitate the raising of large sums of money , which , to many , would be a considerable source of prosperity ; but , at the same time , it must obviously be productive of considerable inconvenience , and in many cases of much mischief to the creditor , who having no means to come at any precise knowledge of the debts already due by the freehold proprietor , or the settlements made upon his estate , would feel himself much disappointed , upon the demise of his debtor , to find debts to a much larger amount than he expected charged upon that property to which he looked for his security . This would necessarily give rise to litigations without end , and set the new creditor upon endeavouring to find out flaws in the settlements which preceded his claims , with a view to set them aside for his own advantage ; and thus , in many instances , the creditors , for whose security this bill was avowedly designed , would have just reason to complain that their property was injured rather than served , through a measure which would teach them to advance large sums , and to rely often upon a hollow security . He thought too , that it was unfair to place the freehold property of the country on such a footing , while the copyhold was exempt ; and peculiarly severe to involve the whole of the former , merely for the faults of a few men . He was convinced the learned gent . who introduced this bill , was amply competent to devise means for his purpose much more eligible . He concluded by expressing a hope that the bill would be re 160 committed , and that further time would be given for the better consideration of a subject of such importance . observed , that in the present stage of the bill , it was too late after it had been engrossed , to have it recommitted . defended the bill . He stated that the present bill was not a new idea of the hon . and learned gentleman 's who brought it in , but that a bill similar to the present , and still more extensive , as including copyhold property , was brought in , in the year 1772 , by a most learned lawyer , Mr. Ambler , and had passed through that house at a time when there were a great many very eminent lawyers who had seats there . It was lost afterwards in the lords , in a very thin house , when 7 voted against it and but 5 for it . He could easily state many cases of the most severe injustice which could be practised under the present law . Country bankers might purchase landed estates with the money of other people , and these estates would descend to their heirs free from all their debts as bankers . As a master in chancery , many cases came before him , where creditors for considerable sums stated that they did not think it worth their while to prove their debts , as they had no specialties , and the property of the deceased was principally in landed estates . He considered this property of freehold estates not being liable to those debts , as a mere remnant of antiquity , that had been kept up long after the reason of it had ceased . upon such a proposition as that which was then before the house , a proposition which , if it was carried into effect , would make a most material change in the law of the land , felt it to be his duty to state his