presided over the administration of justice , he would not hesitate to say , that he had cause to lament the parsimony of the country in the appointments and rewards of judicial characters . He was surprised at his hon . friend saying that it was not his duty to propose any such remedy . He stated , indeed , a variety of expedients , but did not select any in particular . He would notice some of his hon . friend 's expedients . One was , that a better attendance in the Lords , together with the assistance of some Ex-chancellor , would supply an adequate remedy , but by what means was an Ex-chancellor to be required to sacrifice his 478 time ? And even though that could be done , the same inconvenience would follow which was objected to the present Bill . He spoke of the danger of appealing from a more experienced to a less experienced officer . The very same objection applied to the assistance of an Ex-chancellor , who , perhaps , for ten years before , was not in the habit of hearing any such Appeals . With respect to the compulsion of the Lords to attend , it would be rather singular if a Bill were brought into that House for such an object . In the days appointed for the decision of Appeals , it was stated , that the Lord Chancellor could not procure a sufficient number of lords to proceed to business . He doubted whether such attendance could be procured , even in that House , at so early an hour as 10 in the morning . With respect to another remedy alluded to , of separating the duties of the Chancellor , the inconvenience of such a measure , he thought , was very obvious ; and the separation of the bankrupt jurisdiction was the very last that should be attempted . Were gentlemen aware , that from the Chancellor 's decision in bankruptcy there was no appeal ? As to the suspicion of neglect of duty which would follow from the division of the duties of the office , it was without any foundation . The exercise of great talents and great power carried its own recommendation with it . There was no such character as an idle judge . All the other courts were in arrear , as well as the House of Lords , though the judges were of all men the greatest drudges in business . But besides this , the Lord Chancellor and his assistant might sometimes lay down the rule in different ways , which would introduce the utmost uncertainty and confusion . The decrees of the Chancellor in bankrupt cases , were for very good purposes considered final ; and such an innovation as that alluded to must be extremely dangerous . Did they not know that there were failures in trade now , not to the amount of 20 or 30,000l . but sometimes to the amount even of 1,000,000l. ? In such cases no appeal was allowed , because the distribution of the property of the bankrupt might be suspended by that means , and an enormous mass of property be kept in abeyance , which must be the source of incalculable mischief to creditors . Such a remedy was the most inadmissible of all , and he would say even the most absurd . In former times it was no uncommon case for the puisne judges to be called in , for the 479 purpose of assisting the Chancellor , and if lord Eldon did not call them in to his assistance , it was because they had sufficient business in their respective courts . He denied that it was any infraction of the constitution to introduce the present measure ; and instanced the increase of the number of judges in the court of Common Pleas from three to six after the Charter of king John down to the reign of Henry 8 , as a precedent . Neither had the judges of the present time the leisure which they formerly enjoyed . Sir Matthew