of Bank-notes , amounting to that sum , from the one pocket , and a purse containing thirty-four guineas in gold , from the other , he asked the seller which he would have , when the man , without hesitation , made his election in favour of the specie , swearing by his soul , when he could get it , he would have nothing to do with a bit of a note . No doubt could exist but that a similar feeling pervaded all society ; that there was no part of the country , where if a person were to send guineas to market , he would fail of getting such articles as he might wish to purchase cheaper than if he were to send paper to the same nominal amount . But besides the evil which must result from the existence of two prices , and which the Bill went to inflict on the community , it must also be considered as tending to effect the exclusion of specie from the country , and as holding forth an invitation to foreign agents to extract that portion which it might still haply be found to contain . Could any rational man for a moment doubt , that such must be its tendency , when the immense disparity of value between the metal and paper currency was considered ? He had himself , on his way to 303 the House , applied to a goldsmith in order to ascertain what that disparity was , and had been assured by him , that a guinea contained bullion which was worth twenty-eight shillings , if bought with the reduced currency . Would it not be absurd , under these circumstances , to suppose that guineas would not be sold , or if it were unsafe to sell them , hoarded till an opportunity could be found of doing so ? For his part , if he were to consult his own feelings on the subject ( and he was perhaps as disinterested as his neighbours ) , he could not indulge in such an hypothesis . On these grounds , though as he had before stated , he approved of one provision of the Bill , yet , considered as a whole , he must enter his vehement protest against it . was of opinion , that the evils which it was asserted would be the result of the Bill , were either fictitious , or easily obviated ; and that under all circumstances , the necessity of the measure must be apparent to all who sufficiently reflected on it . having on the first bringing forward of the present measure opposed it , could not now assent to it , as he meant to do , without explaining the grounds of his assent , and thus shielding himself from any imputation of a dereliction of principle . In many respects , the bodies politic and natural admitted of useful comparison , and if he might now be permitted to draw an illustration from it , he would say , that at the time he opposed the measures which he now approved , the state was in the situation of a patient , whom a singular operation would have restored to perfect and immediate health ; it was now in the situation of one who had deferred such an operation till it could not be resorted to without incurring the risk of more serious evils , even of death itself . He would not take upon himself to say to what cause the evil was chiefly attributable , whether to the state of the currency ; or to that of our foreign commercial relations ; but be that as it might , he was rejoiced that the subject had been brought before parliament . If no other good was to result from that circumstance , the public would derive no slight satisfaction from the declaration which had been made some nights since by the governor of the Bank of England , namely , that in the course of the last year , the Bank issues had undergone a diminution of