House of Commons would furnish the supplies , but without at all adverting to the perilous state of our finances and commerce . That this was an unusual and ill-advised proceeding , he referred to some former Addresses to prove . Did the ministers know nothing of the state of the finances , had they withheld all know ledge of our commercial distresses from the Prince Regent , or did they deny the existence of such distresses ? The House , he thought , would be better employed in inquiring into the financial state of the country than in voting the proposed Address ; for it had been acknowledged by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and by a right hon . gentleman of great financial knowledge , who unfortunately was not now a member of the House , ' ( Mr. Tierney ) , that the present system could not be persevered in , and as a remedy the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's nostrum was , a tax on capital ! —How , in the present state of things , could they think of pledging themselves to the support of the war in the peninsula , on its present scale ? What he knew was , that our expences last year were 121 millions ; that notwithstanding the resolutions of the 121 Chancellor of the Exchequer , which declared the paper money to be equal in value to gold , the public annuitants had been robbed of one third of their incomes , and that , not for the benefit of the public , but for the benefit of the Bank Company ; and then the effect of this system must be , the annihilation of all stock-holders . These were his reasons for opposing the present Address.—The hon . member , after hating adverted to the parliamentary farce attending the opening of parliament—two well-dressed gentlemen coming down to the House with speeches in their pockets ; well-written essays or themes proposed by ministers—concluded by moving as an amendment , that the Report be brought up this day s'ennight . further impressed upon the House the necessity of inquiring into the present state of the public expenditure , before the Report at the bar was agreed to . As to the general subject of the royal Speech , he was decidedly of opinion , that our prospects at the present moment were not nearly so bright as at the commencement of the last session of parliament . The war in which we had injudiciously plunged ourselves with America , was in no degree counterbalanced by the peace that had been concluded with Russia . With regard to the peninsula , he was persuaded that , by the battle of Salamanca we had gained nothing but glory , and that the freedom of Spain was no nearer in its ac complishment than when the marquis of Wellington was posted at Torres Vedras . At the same time that he disapproved of the Address , he acknowledged that he could not vote for the Amendment that had been last night offered to supersede it , and which recommended propositions for peace to the Prince Regent . He thought such a proposition coming from the House , would inevitably defeat its own object , and lower the country in the eyes of the enemy . was surprised that the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , could have advanced that the late campaign in the peninsula had left our affairs in that quarter in a worse situation . This gross error , into which many other honourable gentlemen had fallen , arose from their considering the campaign as beginning at the battle of Salamanca , whereas , in fact , it had begun at the taking of Ciudad Rodrigo ; and this was the only fair point of view in which it could be considered . The hon . gentleman the 122 followed the operations of lord Wellington , from the taking of that town . It was true , he had been compelled to retire from before Burgos , and to evacuate Madrid ,