in opinion , or acting upon a settled principle ? The case is as different as light from darkness ; and I am very glad at the manner in which I have been cheered , as it has given me an opportunity of making this explanation . Reverting , then , to what I have before said , I can not conceive a more dangerous nor a more unpleasant situation than that in which the government of Ireland will be placed , if the House should not go into the committee . If they do go into the committee , perhaps the right hon . Secretary might have his opinions changed in the progress of it . I think it right , however , as by the gestures and cheers of the right hon . gentlemen they seem inclined to charge me with inconsistency , to state that , when I was in office , my opinion was , that things could not continue as they were ; this opinion I expressed to my right hon . friend on the treasury bench ( Mr. Ryder ) , in a memorandum containing the grounds of it , and intreating the cabinet to take the matter into their most serious consideration . I did not presume to point out what should be done , but I most strongly pressed the necessity of not allowing this important question to remain in its present anomalous condition ; and if my right hon . friend will take the trouble to examine his official papers , he will find the record , and perceive that I am not quite so inconsistent 900 as the right hon . gentlemen at present seem to think . I did not indeed press my sentiments arrogantly , but I stated them frankly . Things are now , however , much changed from what they were then , and , if I needed proof of that change , I would only refer to the noble lord 's opinions , as expressed at the close of the last session , of the last parliament , when my right hon . friend moved the Resolution , now intended to be made the basis of the committee . I have thus undisguisedly , and to the best of my abilities , given my sentiments , and I shall only add , that , if the committee is adopted , I shall willingly devote my time to promote the objects in view , and give every aid in my power to produce a measure which may combine security to the Protestant establishment , with conciliation and concession to the Catholic body . , in explanation . Sir , if the right hon . gentleman supposes that I am averse to any communication With the Catholic body , he must have adopted such a notion from some very vague and indistinct report of the speech , which I delivered in the Course of the present debate , which I am satisfied he could not have heard . Far from entertaining the opinion imputed to me , I conceive that constant , confidential , and affectionate communication with the Catholics is necessary to promote a beneficial adjustment of the present question . The right hon . gentleman reasons , not from what I have said , but from what I have not said , by the cheer which drew forth some of the right hon . gentleman 's remarks . I do not mean to impute to him any dereliction of principles ; but I can not help now saying , that , however great the dissonance of opinion between me and my right hon . colleague , upon which he ( Mr . Pole ) has observed so freely , it is perfect concord , when compared to the manner in which the right hon . gentleman differs from himself . .—Sir ; the speech which the right hon . gentleman has just delivered , is the most extraordinary one which I ever heard . Sir , I defy the right honourable gentleman to reconcile the opinions , which he has just expressed , upon the