things which are despised , hath God chosen ' . 1 Cor . i . 28 . `` As for problematical disputes , or errors of particular devices , in this , or any other matter whatsoever , the Catholic church is no way responsible for them : nor are Catholics , as Catholics , justly punishable on their account . But , `` As for the king-killing doctrine , or murder of princes , excommunicated for heresy : it is an article of faith in the Catholic church , and expressly declared in the General Council of Constance , sess . 15 , that such doctrine is damnable and heretical , being contrary to the known laws of God , and Nature . `` Personal misdemeanors , of what nature so ever , ought not to be imputed to the Catholic church , when not justifiable by the tenets of her faith and doctrine . For which reason , though the stories of Paris Massacre , the Irish Cruelties , or Powder-Plot , had been exactly true ( which yet , for the most part , are misrelated ) , nevertheless , Catholics , as Catholics , ought not to suffer for such offences , any more than the eleven apostles ought to have suffered for Judas 's treachery. `` It is an article of the Catholic faith to believe , that no power on earth can licence men to lie , forswear , and perjure themselves , to massacre their neighbours , or destroy their native country , on pretence of promoting the Catholic cause , or religion . Furthermore , all pardons and dispensations granted , or pretended to be granted , in order to any such ends or de- 998 signs , have no other validity or effect , than to add sacrilege and blasphemy to the above-mentioned crimes. `` Sweet Jesus , bless our sovereigns ; pardon our enemies ; grant us patience ; and establish peace and charity in our nations . '' Mr. Perceval , in his last speech on this subject , observed that , if the Catholics did really abjure these tenets , it was extraordinary that the Irish bishops had never formally denied them , when assembled at a regular synod . They have since completely met this objection , by their resolution of the 18th of last November , declaring , `` that although the substance of the answers returned by six Roman Catholic universities , relative to the duties of subjects , in the years 1788 and 1789 , is manifestly contained in the oath of allegiance and declaration which we have solemnly sworn , we think it nevertheless fitting to declare that we consider those answers as perfectly conformable to the doctrine and tenets of our religion , and we adopt them as our own . '' Mr. Perceval also said , it was surprising that none of the Popes had disclaimed these tenets ; but in this he was mistaken , as will appear from the following extract from a letter from the congregation of Cardinals , by order of his holiness Pius 6 , addressed to the Roman Catholic archbishops of Ireland , dated Rome , 23d June , 1791.— '' The see of Rome never taught , that faith is not to be kept with the heterodox ; that an oath to kings separated from Catholic communion can be violated ; that it is lawful for the bishop of Rome to invade their temporal rights and dominions . We , too , consider an attempt or design against the life of kings and princes , even under the pretext of religion , an horrid and detestable crime . '' Should these several proofs be deemed insufficient to shew that the principles of Catholics are compatible with loyalty to the state , there still remains another illustration that they are not so , of no small force , the Act of 1793 , of which this is the preamble : `` Whereas various acts of parliament have been passed , imposing on his Majesty 's subjects professing the Popish or Roman Catholic religion many restraints