only met with obstructions to his efforts to recruit his army , but appeared actually unable to supply the army which was already opposed to Russia . It might be hence fairly concluded , that the military despotism of our foe had received a deadly shock , if it were not now trembling to its very base . All these advantages were to be traced to the conduct of this country , to its undaunted efforts in the peninsula ; and from what had passed , their lordships might fairly place a confidence in the future . Europe had now an opportunity of arousing from her lethargy , and there was reason to hope that the opportunity would not be lost.—As to the war with America , that event was much to be lamented ; and it being the belief in this country , that it could not continue , was the cause of our not having more vigorously prosecuted it hitherto . In Canada , however , honourable and glorious proofs bad been given of the fidelity and loyalty of that portion of his Majesty 's subjects . As to the triumphs of the Americans at sea , and triumphs , no doubt , they called them , they owed them to the very general belief amongst us , that the war could not continue . The war might be injurious to us , but he confidently hoped , that its continuance would not be for any very extended period.—The East India question was one of great interest , and would deservedly have the serious attention of parliament . The appearance of domestic affairs , as set forth in the Speech , was highly gratifying , and it could not fail to make a pleasing impression on their lordships to ascertain , that order had been restored in those districts that had been somewhat disturbed . The noble earl then concluded with moving , that an Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , which , as usual , was an echo of the Speech . rose to second the motion , 20 and observed , that with regard to the first paragraph of the Speech from the throne , which related to the continuance of his Majesty 's lamented indisposition , no one could possibly feel more real concern than himself . It was not his intention , nor did he feel it necessary , after the able exposition their lordships had heard , to enter into any detailed view of the important topics in question . The spirited and judicious conduct of his Majesty 's government , under circumstances the most trying and arduous , had his warmest approbation , and called for that of the country ; nor should , he thought , the prudent , affectionate , and kind manner in which his Royal Highness acted on a trying and important occasion , go without its merited applause . The system adopted by his Majesty 's government was productive of consequences which , he agreed with the noble earl in thinking , would lead to the deliverance of Europe from the tyranny and oppression under which it groaned . But , in this view , he could not avoid noticing the effectual resistance which the emperor of Russia , so greatly to his own honour , had offered to the destructive progress of the enemy . Nor were his subjects less entitled to praise for their patriotic efforts in defence of their lawful sovereign and national independence . He trusted that the conduct of his Majesty 's government , with respect to the United States of America , would have its due effect , and that the maritime rights of the country , upon which so much depended , would be asserted and upheld.—These were the prominent points to which the noble lord directed the attention of the House , and concluded by expressing his cordial approbation of the Address . said , he could not have approved either of the Speech , or of the Address proposed , had they , with respect to the great contest in the peninsula ,