, as they are not unreasonable nor unprecedented , and are yet with-held by the Catholics themselves , that they have not the slightest ground to complain of the injustice of their present disqualifications . Sir , we are told , because we have granted so much , that we can not , with consistency , withhold that , which we now refuse to concede . That , having given to the Catholics the elective franchise , we have given them substantial political power ; and that it is absurd to allow the Catholic to be represented , and yet not allow him to be a representative . I will not now argue , whether the grant of the elective franchise was a wise one or not , but I can see reasons for that concession which in no way apply to the concession of the further privileges , which are now demanded . We have said to the Catholics , you are in possession of property ; you shall have the franchise , which property confers ; you shall not be taxed without your own consent ; yon shall exert an influence in the state ; but we insist on this qualify- 913 cation in your representative , that he shall disavow opinions and tenets , which we conceive to be hostile to the establishment of this country in church and state . And where is the great hardship in this , at least to those who are represented ? Does it weaken the exertions of the friends of the Catholics in this House , because they are bound to abjure the Catholic faith ? If we admit the Catholics to parliament , shall we find them more eager in their cause , than some of their Protestant friends , at present are ? Will the Catholics of Waterford find , in one of their own religious persuasion , a more zealous advocate than the right hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) ? Or can the Catholics of Tipperary send to this House a louder champion than the hon . general ( Mathew ) ? and here , Sir , let me thank the hon . general , for the distinguished compliment which he paid to the government , of which I form a part , when he had the goodness to assure the House , that every measure of that government had his unqualified disapprobation . Sir , there is only one other point to which I will advert . The right hon . gentleman says , that the Catholics have disclaimed all the dangerous tenets which have been imputed to them and that the answer of the universities , and the oaths which the Catholics take , must satisfy every reasonable mind that there is no danger to the state in their present opinions . Sir , I own , that I require more than the mere disclaimer of such doctrines as these , that the Pope has the power of deposing sovereigns , or that faith is not to be kept with heretics . While the supremacy of any earthly prince is admitted , within these realms , of whatever nature that supremacy may be , spiritual or temporal , it ought to be defined , without the possibility of error or misconception . We know that , at present , it is not so , and Catholic writers have told us that , while the spiritual supremacy of the Pope , unexplained and unlimited as it is , is admitted , no great security must be expected from restrictions on the exercise of his temporal authority . But surely it behoves the Catholic prelates to meet in synod , and to remove the possibility of misconception on this point . They must be aware that there is a great jealousy of the exercise of any foreign authority within these realms . There have been instances , in the history of this country , in which the spiritual supremacy of the Pope has been called in , to counte- 914 nance proceedings , which might justify an apprehension that the limits of spiritual authority