negociation between this country and America , on the subject of impressment , and that , while it was pending , the right of impressment should be waived . '' Now , in his apprehension , this negociation , had the overture been agreed to , would have taken place under circumstances , which might have induced the American government to believe that this country was disposed to recede farther than , in his opinion , she ought , from her just rights ; and therefore , if he had stood in the noble lord 's situation , he would not have agreed to the overture , orconcluded the armistice on such terms . The next proposition was , that though no formal or regular recognition should take place between the two countries , as to the suspension of the disputed right , yet a secret understanding of that kind should be preserved on the subject by the respective governments , till the matter in controversy was decided . On this second overture , he was free to say , he would have acted , had he been so situated , exactly as the noble lord had done . He would not have consented to receive that overture . The secret understanding—the request for concealment—would , in the very first instance , have been a sufficient reason with him to reject it.—The third stage of the negociation presented a third overture , on which , he owned , he entertained considerable doubts . This , as he understood it from the papers , was the 615 overture made by Mr. Monroe to sir John Warren , and might be thus described . `` There is now , '' said the American secretary of state , `` no difference subsisting between the two countries , likely to lead to a continuance of warfare , except this question of impressment ; and I think , if some agreement can be entered into on this point , all minor affairs may be easily settled , and a peace must be the consequence . '' The objections which were made to the two former overtures could not apply to this . The American government were willing to negociate flagrante bello—while this country was freely exercising its accustomed control . `` We will , '' said Mr. Monroe , `` give up both points ; we will neither require an armistice nor a suspension of the right you claim , and , under these circumstances , we will enter into negociation . '' What objection could there be to this , if his interpretation of the papers was well founded , and he was inclined to think that he understood rightly the construction which was given to this part of the correspondence ; for , in the Declaration afterwards published by the Prince Regent , it was observed , as a reason for its refusal : '' It is true , Great Britain might have entered into negociation , without an armistice , or a suspension of the right to impress ; but then she was required to do it on the basis of receiving a legislative provision , from a foreign state , in the place of a right which she had long been accustomed to exercise . '' Now , on this part of the subject , he entertained very considerable doubts . It did not appear to him , that Great Britain abandoned her right , merely by entering into a negociation on the question . Was it a general proposition , that a nation gave up a right , when she proceeded to negociate respecting its exercise ? If such a proposition as this were true , there would be rip such thing as amicable negociation . Would it have followed , had the negotiation been proceeded in , that you must necessarily accept the security which America might offer ? If you feared that the security would not be sufficient , you might have spoken thus in the commencement of the negociation , and guarded yourselves against it at the very entry— '' We desire , of all things ,