Ciudad Rodrigo , and Almeida , he had then determined upon raising the siege of Cadiz , and thereby compelling the French to evacuate Andalusia . My lords , these objects were the first in lord Wellington 's consideration , and for important reasons which pressed themselves most forcibly upon his mind . From the very beginning of the campaign his operations pointed to the situation of the enemy in the south , and particularly to the principal army under Soult , as the capture of the invader 's battering artillery at Ciudad Rodrigo rendered it impracticable to undertake any siege of consequence ; or , at that season of the year , to advance into Portugal with any considerable force . In carrying on the siege of Cadiz , the government of Spain had long been confined within its walls , its power was become considerably restricted , its reputation among the people had been somewhat degraded , and its influence upon the Spanish dependencies materially lessened . To free the government from this confinement , and thereby to give new life to the energies of the Spanish nation , was one object of our general 's forecast , and led to the measures which he afterwards pursued . For this purpose , after he had most ably contrived the mode of assault , which succeeded even beyond his own expectations , whereby Badajoz was taken , he had in the first instance determined upon marching into the province of Andalusia , and oblige the evacuation of that province by the French , which was another object for which he concerted his plans . At this period it occurred to him , that the possession of Andalusia was more important than that of the other provinces . The people had been for some time subject to the power of the enemy , and had gradually become less hostile to their presence , and some danger existed of their forgetting their connection with their legitimate government . To drive the French from the possession of such a province , would be more conducive to the promotion of the Spanish cause than to enter Castile . In Castile the enemy 's army were differently situated : if they had troops stationed in a village , that village was obliged to be strongly fortified : and if the distance from one village to another was five or 137 six miles , such was the disposition of the Spanish people in that province , that the French were under the necessity of forming redoubts , for the purpose of preventing their communication being intercepted . These were lord Wellington 's first intentions , and these were the measures he purposed to pursue ; and although circumstances occurred which led him to change his plans , yet the object of them continued the same . General Marmont having come with an army from the north , and advanced upon the Agueda , soon called forth the attention of our general , and other circumstances having intervened , he was at length determined to change his intended course , and march into Castile . Marmont , in the mean time , used every endeavour , but in vain , to relieve the fortress of Almeida , and at length posted himself strongly upon the bridge of Alniarez , by which means he endeavoured , not only to act in opposition to lord Wellington , but to effect a communication with the army of Soult . To your lordships is well known the promptitude and intrepidity with which the French were removed from that position , and the communications cut off between the army of Portugal and the army under Soult in the southern provinces . Indeed , my lords , such were the skill and management of the noble marquis during this period of the campaign , that no words which I can use would be adequate to represent their value . It afterwards happened that a correspondence between the French generals was intercepted , and the papers fell into our hands . From these letters we were made acquainted with their sentiments on this