Lord Chancellor another of those ministers ) the business of government under the mask of the royal authority . In 1810 , his Majesty became again afflicted . The House well recollected the angry discussions that had taken place in parliament . The House recollected that the Prince of Wales thought that the indignity with which he had been treated by the servants of the crown , equal to that which he had experienced in 1788 . Hopes were , from time to time , held out of the recovery of his Majesty . In the mean time the executive authority remained in abeyance . And in the subsequent discussions the greatest inconvenience was sustained in consequence of no kind of provision having been made on the subject after the occurrences of 1788 . In 1811 he had taken the liberty to bring these circumstances under the consideration of the House . He had stated what he conceived to have been remissness on the part of the servants of the crown , and had proposed the appointment of a committee to provide against the recurrence of such serious inconveniences . The House had thought proper to negative that proposition . From that day no proceeding whatever had been adopted . This however appeared to be the precise moment for some parliamentary 724 arrangement on the subject ; for party heats were so allayed , that there would be no danger of reviving those animosities to which former discussions had given birth . Of this , the temperate tone of the debate of that evening afforded a practical proof . Unquestionably the death of the Prince Regent before that of his Majesty was not a very probable event . But that it was a very possible event every day 's experience in common life gave ample evidence . If such an event should occur , in what a situation would the country be placed ! The Princess Charlotte was competently qualified both by age and by talents to assume the royal authority ; and yet parliament must go through certain forms before they could confer on her that which unquestionably they would confer on her—the unrestricted Regency ; for the restrictions originally imposed on the Regent were imposed only in the contemplation of an event now hopeless—the recovery of his Majesty . On these grounds he felt the utmost satisfaction in supporting the motion of the hon . baronet , persuaded as he was that he could not better fulfil his duty than by doing so . rose to reply , amid a loud call for the question . He was glad to find , notwithstanding the opposition his motion had experienced , that it was met from the other side by a direct negative , a mode certainly more manly than by the previous question . One right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bathurst ) seemed desirous to leave things to themselves ; and whilst he avoided the consideration of the question in a constitutional way , he argued that sufficient unto the day was the evil thereof . The noble lord , on the other hand , justified his objections by the necessity of the case , which called for the interposition and discretion of parliament . If , indeed , the noble lord thought the great seal sufficient to fill up the void caused in the exercise of the kingly power , —if he thought the majorities of the two Houses sufficient to supply the want of the monarch 's rights and prerogative , —then he would readily admit that the noble lord 's objections were just . For his own part , he wished to see the crown surrounded and strengthened with all legitimate properties and authority ; and it was that wish , and that wish only , as connected in its necessary results with the benefit and happiness of the subject , that influenced him to submit to the House the present motion . He had tried 725 every avenue , he had explored every channel , for the purpose of bringing this truly important question to a point ; but he had to lament