the fullest toleration , '' the hon . baronet took rather an unusual mode of proving the sincerity of his own respect and esteem , by representing this right reverend prelate as a friend to just so much toleration as has been conferred , and which consequently he could not take away . But I hope the hon . baronet has read the publication since : I believe that curiosity may have led him to read it , if it were only to see whether there should chance to be any passage , to which he could attach such general and unmeasured censure . If , however , the hon . baronet , with any view , has now read it , I am certain he will not maintain what he thus advanced . Much has been said on both sides , with reference to the opinions of Mr. Pitt ; as if , by such reference , the course could be made quite clear for those , who should be 1035 willing to shape their own conduct , on the present occasion , by his great authority . I know nothing of the opinions of that great statesman on this subject , but from such sources as are accessible to every one , I mean his public conduct , and his speeches , as published . From these sources collect that , unquestionably , Mr. Pitt was favourable , in principle , to the Catholic claims—that he was decided , that these concessions should be accompanied with solid and efficient restrictions and safeguards ; and that , viewing these claims as matter of expediency and not of right , he was distinctly also of opinion , that times and circumstances were considerations of the greatest importance ; whether , therefore , the present times and circumstances would have been judged , by Mr. Pitt , as favourable , I do not know , nor can I place much reliance on the speculations of others on this point ; of this , however , I am certain , that Mr. Pitt would never , at any time , have consented to go into a committee , or take any preliminary step , such as the present , towards the completion of that great measure , without having previously made up his own mind clearly and distinctly , as to what should be conceded—what should be withheld—and what precise restrictions should be imposed.—In such a state of preparation , I do not conceive the majority of this House , to be at the present moment ; I think , the reference , which has so often been made , to Mr. Pitt 's opinions , is a very insufficient guide , even to those who look with all the admiration and respect , that I do , to such authority , and shall therefore give my decided negative to the motion . , in explanation.—Sir ; I am extremely unwilling to detain the House , even for a moment ; but , after the violent and unexpected attack , which has been made upon me by the right hon . gentleman , who spoke last , the House will not expect I should remain silent . Another hon . gentleman ( Mr. Robinson ) last night accused me of having uttered a grosss calumny , and after that Charge had been brought , I must so far agree with him as to say , that it must belong either to me or to him ; but the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , has entirely misrepresented me . I did not call the learned bishop my friend ; that term with me is sacred ; and I have no right to use it towards the learned bishop , with whom I have not had the opportunities of cultivating much 1036 acquaintance . But I did say , that I had a high personal respect for the learned bishop , and that I had derived both pleasure and instruction from his former writings . As to my application of the passage in the charge of the learned bishop , it