tenets of the Roman Catholics : those statements were not confined to speculative points , or religious dogmas , but contained charges of the most abominable nature . When a reverend prelate stood forth , and put the question in this manner— '' Does any person employ in his private concerns a man whom he believes to be disaffected to his interest , or who would rejoice in his downfall ? '' When a reverend prelate thus staled the relative situation of the Protestant and the Catholic , he felt absolute astonishment . He could not avoid demanding , with amazement , how a dignitary of the church could stand forth , with what some might term an indirect , but what he considered a direct charge against the whole Catholic body ? A charge which , however it might be veiled , did , in effect , accuse them of disaffection to the state , and of harbouring principles which would lead them to rejoice in its ruin and destruction . 882 But , lest any doubt should be entertained of the meaning of the right reverend prelate in that Charge , he afterwards makes the accusation in plain and direct terms—in such terms , indeed , as he thought called for the animadversion of his Majesty 's ministers ; who knew that the statement was unfounded , and bad themselves , over and over again , in their places , disclaimed and refuted it . The passage to which he referred , was in another part of that reverend prelate 's Charge , and set forth , `` that the demands of the Catholics , in 1793 , were made under their promise of peaceable demeanour , and of zeal against the common enemy . And , if granted , the Papists declared , that they would apply for no farther indulgence . '' This the right hon . baronet positively denied ; it was , in truth , a most unfounded assertion . And , in proof of this allegation , he would call the attention of the House to a question which was put , at that time , by the late marquis of Down-shire to the present earl of Buckinghamshire , then lord Hobart . The noble marquis observed , `` that his vote mainly depended on the answer he should receive to this question . Will the Catholics be satisfied , if the concessions now asked are granted ? Will they accept them in full satisfaction of their demands ? '' What was the answer of my lord Hobart ? '' I am not warranted in giving any such assurance ! '' And what was the real slate of the fact ? Why the petitioners , at that period , called , as they now call , for complete emancipation . And , it was remarkable , that , upon the bringing in of the Bill , which was introduced to grant them partial relief , the then member for the University of Dublin , the late Mr. Knox , proposed that they should be admitted to a full participation in the rights of the constitution . `` All the demands which were made in 1793 , '' continued the learned prelate , `` were granted ; and what was the consequence ? The Papists having acquired additional strength , and having , by their promises , lulled the government info security , formed a traitorous conspiracy , broke out into open rebellion , and invited the French to their assistance , to obtain their real objects—separation from Great Britain , and Catholic ascendancy ! The right hon . baronet said , he did not think it was possible to bring forward , in more direct and decisive terms , a charge of treason against the whole body of the Catholics of Ireland . And he was sure 883 the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) would not sanction such an imputation . Over and over again it had been declared , that it was not a Catholic rebellion . And this would be clearly seen by looking to the persons by whom it