unprepared in Canada , or was there any neglect at the Admiralty ? He was prepared to discuss this question with the noble marquis ; and upon this subject , as well as with respect to Spain , he would beg the noble marquis to come to close quarters—to state facts—to bring something specific , and abandon that style of loose and general accusation , of which the House had heard so much in the course of this discussion.— '' Now , as to the concluding topic of the noble marquis 's speech , I have not , '' said the noble earl , `` made use of any expression with respect to the Catholic question , to which I do not adhere . My opinion I have always publicly proclaimed upon this subject . I have resisted , and I will resist , the proposition for entering into the consideration of the Catholic claims , because I can not see my way to any adjustment of those claims , likely to satisfy the Catholics . I therefore think it more consistent to oppose the proposition at once , than to seek to defeat it by what are called guards or securities . I meet the Catholics openly and publicly , and will never attempt to disappoint wishes by any little underhand opposition—by any schemes or subterfuge . My system of opposition I feel to be more fair and candid , and therefore I will continue to pursue it . In stating this to be my intention , I declare merely my individual opinion , without meaning to sway the judgment of any of my friends . rose in reply to the noble earl , and declared he would not shrink from the opinion he had originally expressed on the subject of the war in Spain . He complimented his noble friend ( marquis Wellesley ) on the admirable manner in which he had developed his sentiments on the general state of affairs , and particularly on the foreign policy pursued by the ministers of the crown , and characterised the answer , which the noble earl had made to the speech of his noble friend , as feeble , inconclusive and foolish . His noble friend 's views were justified both by the Speech from the throne , and still more fully by the noble earl 's reply . His lordship then proceeded to state , that he did not deny , or disavow , some words attributed to him by the noble earl . These words he had used on former occasions : but , so far was he from believing them wrong , that he thought he was , this night , fully justified in the use of them , by what had been spoken on both sides of the House . He could not but condemn the replies in general terms resorted to by the noble earl at the head of the administration , a species of discussion in which he was so fond of dealing upon most occasions ; whilst the speech of the noble marquis , in which be pointed out the definitive object we ought to have in view in the campaign in the peninsula , whilst it abounded , like every thing that fell from his noble friend , in statesmanlike principles and details , met with his highest commendation . That one ultimate object , stated by his noble friend , deserved , and had his approbation . Whilst the noble earl 's comment on the subject of that definitive object , was general , imperfect and desultory . When we engaged first in the peninsular war , the question was not then what it was at present . It was not then , as at present , a question in which all Europe was concerned and engaged ; for now all the armies of Europe were or had been lately engaged against this country . Before ministers embarked in the contest , therefore , as had been justly stated by the noble marquis , they ought to have asked themselves what was the definite object they had in view ,