a better opportunity than he had of knowing in what manner the proceedings with respect to the Petition had been conducted ; but while he gave the hon . general the advantage over him , which his confession of ignorance would afford , he could never conceive that those proceedings were such as would justify the harsh language which had been applied to them . If the gallant general would but take the trouble of inspecting the list of names attached to the 728 Petition , among which were those of many persons of high respectability known to him , he would , he was satisfied , willingly acknowledge , that these would not bind themselves to any proceedings which could deserve to be termed smuggling : among them were no fewer than fifty magistrates . And of the whole number who had signed , that was to say , 3000 , here was not one but was a Protestant freeholder , and not one marksman , that was , a man who had his name signed by another , and affixed his mark to it , among them . As to what the hon . general had said , with respect to signatures of but four peers being affixed to the Petition , he was obliged to avow , that such was the fact . With respect to the grounds upon which the Petition was preferred , he would now beg to say a few words . These were chiefly the alarm and disgust which had arisen from the tone of certain speeches that had , on recent occasions , been addressed to the Catholics , by persons calling themselves their advocates ; and among them the speech of the hon . general himself , were particularly conspicuous . The hon . general had saved him the trouble of minutely describing them to the House , inasmuch as he had declared , that , as soon as an opportunity occurred , he would repeat them in the House , flinging them in the teeth of the minister . But some expressions , which he considered as of a most peculiarly dangerous tendency , he could not forbear repeating in anticipation of the hon . general 's promise . He had , in presence of an immense concourse of people , desired the Catholics to discontinue their petitions to the throne for the recovery of their just rights , and , substituting requisition for petition , to go boldly and demand their rights , and insist upon their restitution , adding , `` that if they wanted a leader , he would be that leader , and if necessary , cheerfully shed his blood in their cause . '' He lamented the intemperance of the advocates of the Roman Catholics , and of none among them , more than the hon . general , calculated as it was to injure rather than serve them . admitted that he had gone too far in saying the Petition was smuggled ; but stated , that he had , nevertheless , no doubt that the proceedings connected with it were altogether clandestine . He and his colleague , whom he did not now see in his place , had made the tour of the county , at the time the business ? was in agitation ; but he was not able , to 729 obtain a sight of the Petition till the other day , when it was shown him by a gentleman in the town of Cashel ; and he believed that to this hour it had never been seen by his colleague . He was sorry that he was obliged to correct the statement made by the hon . gentleman of what he had said at the hustings at Clonmell . That he did make use of strong language he was ready to admit : he had addressed the people from the top of the mail-coach ; the assemblage was pretty numerous too , as had been stated ; he was fond of speaking to a large audience ; and what he had then said , he would very willingly repeat