a military life had also vanished ; and he felt assured , that by these repeated discussions , it would at length be discovered that there 1237 was no safety for the state , except by admitting all persons to enjoy the benefits of the constitution , and thus inducing them to unite in its defence . , after remarking that he hoped the example of the Catholic committee which had just been referred to , would be extensively followed , said he could not but express his concurrence in the proposition before the committee , for , connected with Ireland as he was , he could not be a stranger to the advantages which must result from conciliating the Catholics of that country . He was willing to grant to the Catholic much of what was required , but he must have securities for the Protestant establishment . The securities were to be contemporaneous with the concessions , if the expression could be made use of , as to the enactments of the same Bill . The regulations he should approve of would be such as might attach the Catholics to the constitution , and nothing could more attach them to it than liberty and security . He should approve of the select committee proposed by the hon . baronet ( sir J. Hippisley ) as there was considerable risk in legislating on subjects with which they were insufficiently acquainted . and Mr. Plunkett rose at the same time , but the former was declared to be in possession of the committee . He said , that he had ventured thus to occupy the time of the committee , because his sentiments on this subject were not similar to those of most of the gentlemen with whom he should concur in his vote . He could not but premise , that in his opinion , the right hon . mover had been somewhat hardly used as to the course which he had deemed it right to propose for adoption . The main question before them had his warmest concurrence . As to what had been said by the right hon . the Speaker , it was the duty of that right hon . member to propose ( as this was one of the few occasions on which he had it in his power ) resolutions containing the substance of his opinion , that many laws operating to the disadvantage of the Catholics , might be abrogated . As to securities he thought , that the best securities were the good will and affection of the governed ; all others were built on an unsound foundation , and were not worth contending for . It behoved those , however , who were of a contrary opinion , to submit their securities to the House . Conceiving , as he did , that no securities were necessary 1238 as to the power which it was proper to concede to the Catholics , he was not a friend to unlimited concession . Of the concessions made to the Catholics , this should be the principle of limitation , —that they should be excluded from all offices involving political patronage ; as for example , from the office of Chancellor in Great Britain and Ireland , unless under some regulations . It would be monstrous , indeed , to exclude the Catholic from exercising an hereditary right of advowson , while he might exercise ecclesiastical patronage by virtue of his office . Some offices in the ecclesiastical court , might , perhaps , be liable to the same remarks . At the same time , he should not wish to exclude the Catholics from any political power ; and leaving it to others to discuss whether they should withhold the unsubstantial after granting the substantial part of civil rights , he should conclude by expressing his opinion , that all political power should lay open to all classes of his Majesty 's subjects . had listened to all that had been said with attention , and with a sincere desire to receive all the information possible on this important subject . He should