the documents of that period to found a Report upon what regulations were necessary to govern the intercourse between the Princess and her daughter ? Documents , in crushing which , the noble lord had formerly been a party . If , instead of such an unjustifiable proceeding , his royal highness the Prince Regent had been advised to say , I am the father of this child , and I will act as a father is impowered to do . I am Prince of these realms , and I will exercise my prerogative of educating the successor to the throne'—the country would have been satisfied , in his opinion , as he did not conceive the Princess was so popular , as to fear that such advice would not have been universally approved of . The hon . member said , he had as high notions of royalty as any man ; but he must say that all such proceedings contributed to pull it down . He was very sorry we had a royal family who did not take warning from what was said and thought concerning them . They seemed to be the only persons in the country who were wholly regardless of their own welfare and respectability . He would not have the Prince Regent lay the flattering unction to his soul , and think his conduct would bear him harmless through all these transactions . He said this with no disrespect to , him or his family : no man was more attached to the House of Brunswick than he was ; but had he a sister in the same situation with her royal highness the Princess of Wales , he would say that she was exceedingly ill-treated . said , the hon . member was mistaken as to the nature of the powers given to the commissioners in 1800 . He had no-authority for saying the noble lords had officiously entered on other points besides those which were referred to them. , He would ask the hon . member , if he had ever read the commission ? He ( sir Samuel ) had seen it , and if he did not very much mistake it , it went to direct the four noble lords to inquire into all the facts contained in the statement of the Princess of Wales , which had been submitted to his Majesty ; among which were other matters , besides those forming the ground of the principal charge against her Royal Highness . fully participated in what fell from the hon . member who spoke last but one ; if his sister had been treated as the Princess of Wales had been , he should feel himself extremely sore . He regretted he could not see his way clear how justice could be done to the Princess , and , therefore , wished his hon . friend would explain what further proceedings he had in contemplation . could not accede to the motion of his hon . friend , yet he was almost inclined so to do , from the admirable , incomparable , resistless eloquence with which he urged it . He would ask , was it competent for this House to grant the prayer of the Princess 's Letter ? The Report of 1806 ought not to be laid before the House . Was there any thing in it that ought to be submitted to their consideration ? Suppose the Report to be on the table , what would they do with it ? Could they address the Prince Regent for a trial ? Could they condemn ? Could they acquit ? This was truly an attack on the government ; and the defence of the noble lord was worthy of the newspapers which advocated his cause . He denied that any person in opposition had had any connection with the publication of the papers , or with any part of the transaction ; he disclaimed all knowledge of all proceedings therein , and he should despise any one who could make the royal quarrel a stepping-stone to office : he had never so done ; those