the claims of the Roman Catholics into consideration with a view to final and conciliatory adjustment . Sir ; I am decidedly of opinion that we ought to go into this committee . I do not deny that the subject is attended with many and with formidable difficulties , but I think they may be overcome if we set about the task with zeal and sincerity . It is with this feeling , Sir , that I would go into this committee ; I would go into it with a spirit of conciliation and universal good will ; no man who consents to go into the committee will be pledged to any specific concession , or to any concession which , upon due consideration , he may conceive to be inconsistent with the security of the establishment in church and state . I therefore approve of the plan which my right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) has proposed to pursue . If the committee should approve of his Resolutions , I am aware that it will require all his knowledge , all his temper , all his ability , all his perseverance , all his authority , to frame his Bill so as to meet the wishes and expectations of all parties . I acknowledge the task to be 897 difficult , but I do not despair of seeing it accomplished . I agree with the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , that it is the duty of parliament to legislate , not to negociate , but when I express my concurrence with that general proposition , I beg I may not be supposed to mean that my right hon . friend , in framing his Bill , is not to have the benefit of consulting with those persons who have been delegated by the Catholics to support their claims , or indeed of consulting with all persons from whom valuable information can be derived . Having obtained that information , it will then become our duty to legislate , and I hope we shall legislate in such a manner as will set this question at rest for ever . I listened with peculiar pleasure to what fell from the learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) on the subject of securities ; because I am sure it will be attended with the most beneficial effects in Ireland . I hail it as a signal to the Catholics that no Protestant , however favourable to their claims , will consent to their being granted without sufficient security being given for the preservation of the establishments . I have , now , Sir , stated my reasons for wishing to go into this Committee ; I can not see any bad consequence , that can result from it , but I foresee many that may ensue , if we reject this motion and refuse even to examine the subject . If , Sir , the House should unfortunately refuse to accede to this motion , let me beg of gentlemen to consider what will be the state of Ireland , with the two chief advisers of the Lord Lieutenant , entertaining directly opposite sentiments upon this vital question . The Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland has made a very animated speech in favour of the motion ; he says , that the people will not be satisfied , that tranquillity will not be established , that the country will not be safe , unless the claims of the Roman Catholics are complied with . The other right hon . gentleman , the Chief Secretary , is of opinion that nothing can be more dangerous to the state , than to listen to their petitions . He seems to think that the most effectual way of making the people quiet and happy , is to clap on a perpetual blister , to draw the bad humours of the country together , and keep them in a state of continual irritation . Let us suppose for a moment , Sir , that the opinion of that part of the cabinet which opposes this motion should prevail