, Sir F. Goold , and others . Sir , I wish most sincerely that the comparison of their present conduct , with that which they then pursued , was more to their advantage . With regard to the Bill , of which the right hon . gentleman has given us the outline , I hope that the task of exposing its demerits will devolve into abler hands . I can not , I own , understand the principle , upon which it is founded , nor the reason why the right hon . gentleman , who is disposed to grant so much , should see the necessity of with-holding any thing . The right hon . gentleman proposes to repeal the Test and Corporation Acts , to open the House of Commons and the House of Lords , and every office of every 910 description , to the Catholics ; but he has an exception , for which I can not account , he will exclude them from the throne I think that many of the arguments , which have beet '' used to prove the impolicy of their exclusion from the other two branches of the legislature , will equally serve to prove the policy of their admission to the throne . Will the right hon . gentleman conclude , that an irresponsible Protestant king will secure us from the danger , which we apprehend , from responsible Catholic advisers ? Are there no offices in the state , from which the right hon . gentleman thinks the Catholic ought to be excluded ? Will he permit them to fill the office of Chancellor , to judge of the qualifications of clergymen of the Church of England to Protestant benefices ? Are we to have a Catholic keeper of the conscience of a Protestant king ? Does the right ' hon . gentleman think that the lord lieutenancy of Ireland , with the disposal of the church patronage of that kingdom , should be open to the Catholic , and the head of the Protestant church be presented by a Catholic viceroy ? I know , Sir , what the answer to this is , that the Catholics are merely eligible to the offices in question ; but that the crown may , by the exercise of its own discretion , continue the exclusion from them . Sir , we have no right to throw this insidious task upon the crown ; if the Catholics ought to be excluded from any office , let them be excluded by the laws of the land , and not by the acts of an individual , however exalted his station . It will create less discontent and dissatisfaction among the Catholics , to continue their present disqualification , than , at the same time that you admit their qualification , to deny them the benefit they expect from it . But , Sir , as I before observed , many of the arguments , which have been used in favour of a restricted concession to the Catholic , will almost equally apply to the removal of every restriction whatever . The right hon . gentleman , who presented the petition from the Catholics of England , recommended the prayer of it , by desiring us to consider `` Who were the persons to whom we refuse a share in the honours of the country ? They are those , '' said the right hon . gentleman , `` whose ancestors were assembled at Runnemede , who procured for you the charter of your liberties ; they are `` hose , whose ancestors conquered in the fields of Cressy and of Agincourt ; '' Sir , I admit it , but who led them on to 911 victory at Cressy and at Agincourt—a Protestant prince ? No , a Catholic prince . You ask whether such men are unfit to be trusted with the privileges which they ask for , because they differ from us in religious doctrine ; and why not with equal justice , ask whether a prince , like Edward 3 , should be incapable of inheriting the crown