excluded from any such authority . professed that his mind was inexpressibly relieved by the explanation which the noble Secretary at War had given of an Order , which , until that hour , he certainly understood , in common with the noble mover and the right hon . gentleman opposite , in common with the public , and , as it now appeared , in common even with one of the gallant leaders oft that army with which the German Legion was immediately connected , to import no less than the communication of permanent rank to the officers of that Legion , in the sense in which that term was usually interpreted in the British army . The import of that Order seemed to have been nothing less than permanent rank to the officers of the German Legion . He must say again , that his mind was inexpressibly relieved by that explanation , because it proved , that in fact , the law and the constitution had not been violated . It gave him great satisfaction to learn that the 265 Order in question was so ineffective as the noble lord had described it to be , for whatever might be his sense , of the merit of the troops to which it referred , no earthly consideration could have induced him , as a member of that House , acting upon constitutional principles , to have lent his sanction to such a measure , had it possessed the character which he and the country had erroneously attributed to it . To all that had been said of the services of the brave German troops he most heartily subscribed ; and if any question had arisen with respect to their merits , the House must feel that the gallant and generous testimony just borne to those merits by a kindred spirit , would have been conclusive on the subject . Unquestionably , the utmost deference was due to the representations of that gallant general , but it was no disparagement to him who had spoken so much to their credit and his own , to say , that while that hon . officer looked at the question with a military eye , it became the House to consider it with a view to its bearing on the constitution . While he cordially concurred in all that had been said , and in all that could be added in praise of the German troops , he could not let his feelings , or the consideration of the existing crisis , so far overpower his duty to his country as to forget ( as he thought the noble Secretary at War seemed at one time to forget ) , that it was necessity alone that justified their employment . Although no man , rationally considering the circumstances of the times , could object to their employment , yet it ought always to be remembered , that to employ them was the exception and not the general rule . Looking , therefore , at the Order as it had been generally understood—as it had been understood by the public as well as by himself—an understanding , he must observe , mainly supported by the comments with which it was accompanied at the time the Order was issued in publications , which , though certainly not authorised , were widely circulated—an understanding , of which the report of that night 's debate would convey to the country the first contradiction—he must say , that it would have involved a principle from which it would have been imperative on him utterly to dissent . Nor was it surprising then , that this Order , apparently identifying foreigners with our own army , should have excited considerable astonishment . Nay , remembering the constitution in its purest state , even a 266 considerable degree of jealousy would have been excusable . In the best and earliest times of our renovated constitution—in the reign of that hero to whom we were indebted for that constitution—in the case of the very troops which had been called in to secure the establishment of that constitution—in the case