evidence of this , but an illustration of the different principles on which the war was conducted . Lord `` Wellington advancing to the succour and liberation of Spain—Buonaparté marching to the devastation of Russia , exhibited striking examples of the different objects by which the two empires were directed in their mutual hostility . At such a moment , when Expectation sits in the air And hides a sword from hilt unto the point , With crowns , imperial crowns and coronets— it might not be useless to compare the rewards which Buonaparté was anticipating from conquest and desolation , with those pure enjoyments which lord Wellington sought for in the acknowledgments of a benefited and grateful country . An hon . baronet had expressed a wish that the sum proposed to be voted should be taken from other funds . For his own part he was confident that the people would feel de- 217 frauded , were they to be deprived of the opportunity of doing justice to their great commander , and if the House were to attempt to scrape up a provision out of the leavings of obscure and secret funds , he felt that they ought not to pollute the vote , by seeming to apologise for the gratitude they evinced , or by endeavouring to show that they were grateful at no expence . He rather hoped that they would be anxious to show , that as the crown had run before them in one instance , they were resolved to keep pace with its wishes in another . He understood it was proposed to lay out the 100,000l . in the purchase of lands to be attached to the title of Wellington . Now , lord Wellington 's children were all sons , but they might have only female issue . He presumed that it was not intended the title should fail in that case . He thought it necessary not only that the immediate descendants of such a man should be provided for , but that the grant of that night should insure to their posterity that result which Englishmen could not but wish to see , —as a lasting monument to the memory of their great ancestor . observed , that matter would come to be considered in the Bill . It was the wish of ministers that the grant should be made on the most liberal principles . Sir F. Burdett 's Amendment was then put and negatived without a division . After which the original Resolution was agreed to . in presenting this Bill to their lordships ' consideration , took occasion to remark , that the Insolvent Debtors ' Act of last session had contained a clause , extending relief to debtors confined for sums exceeding 2,000l. , but great doubt and difficulty had arisen in attempting to carry this clause into execution . The provisions of that part of the act directed , that a barrister of each court should be appointed , under the chief justices and the chief baron , to meet and examine into the respective cases of those who intended to take the benefit . But this clause having been added to the Bill , had subjected its execution to considerable deficiency . One omission was , that no power or direction was given , whereby these prisoners 218 could be brought with safety before the barristers , without , in case of escape , subjecting the gaolers to responsibility ; besides , there was another material defect , for after the barristers had inquired , which they had done by going themselves to each of the prisons in the metropolis , they had reported to their respective courts the result of their examinations ; and yet no direction was given how the discharge was to be made out . Under these circumstances , it was necessary to apply to the legislature , and the Bill which he held in his hand was calculated to remedy these defects . It provided , that the barristers should have more ample power ; that a warrant might be issued under their hands , authorising the