a consort of whom he was tired . Her Royal Highness 's appeal , though not perhaps in words , was in substance the same as that of the persecuted Anna Boleyn ; `` Let me receive an open '' trial , for my truth shall fear no open `` shame . `` * The Speaker of the House of Lords had twice returned her Letter , as we hear , unopened . '' You , Sir , ( addressing the Speaker ) have , with great propriety , submitted the Letter which you received to our consideration . Suppose you had refused to present her petition ! It might have happened , Sir , that nobody else would have presented it . The hon . gentleman , who is the mover of this question , once gave me a petition , which he told me 135 members had refused to present . This might have been the situation of the Princess of Wales . '' Mr. W. then moved as an Amendment to the motion , that an Address be presented to the Prince Regent , praying that a copy of the Report to which her Royal Highness had referred , be laid before the House . was particularly glad that he had reserved himself as to the Letter of her royal highness the Princess of Wales , till he had heard what had fallen from the hon . gentleman . He repelled with great indignation the charge of that hon . gentleman , that the duke of Portland 's cabinet had been prevailed upon by Mr. Perceval to take the part of her Royal Highness . The fact was , that Mr. Perceval having been then out of office , was professionally concerned for the Princess ; he had with that delicacy and honour which were peculiar to him , declined to take any part whatever in that proceeding . The hon . gentleman had also suppressed another fact of importance , and of which the documents must have informed him , in a manner not consistent with candour ; namely , that the Report of the four commissioners had been submitted to lord Grenville 's cabinet , who had come to a Resolution , of which the minute of the duke of Portland 's cabinet was little , if at all , more than a confirmation . The noble lord would not enter into details , which it was inconsistent with his duty to explain , but he most confidently denied the charge of inconsistency that had been made against himself and his colleagues . The last commission was not to inquire into * See Howell 's State Trials , vol . 1 , p. 427 . 1149 and try over again her Royal Highness 's conduct , which had been cleared by the former cabinets ; it was to advise the Prince Regent on a particular point , on which his Royal Highness condescended to ask the opinion of his privy council ; advice to that point they gave—advice that he should be always prepared to defend ; but nothing could be more unjust than to impute any inconsistency to those who recommended so obvious , and he would add , necessary a measure.—He now came to consider the Princess 's Letter , which had been so eulogized by the hon . gentleman ; of that Letter he should speak his mind freely , and in doing so , should consider it as the production of indiscreet advisers , to which her Royal Highness had been unfortunately induced to attach her name . This Letter , taken altogether , with its several statements , hints , and innuendos , he could not but consider as a manifesto questioning his royal highness the Prince Regent 's conduct with regard to his daughter . It was a Letter calculated to involve the young Princess in these feuds , and to sow division and jealousy between the child and the father . The hon . gentleman had called this letter nothing but a maternal appeal against increased restrictions of the intercourse between the mother and her royal daughter ;