said , the observation of his hon . friend ( Mr. Preston ) was perfectly correct . There was , in the Court of Chancery , a very large and an increasing fund , which was undoubtedly ready , when the suitors came and claimed it . But there were a variety of circumstances , which rendered it almost impossible to make out a good title ; for instance , the death of the parties , the difficulty of finding representatives , the neglect of solicitors , & c. In consequence of this , large sums remained in Chancery , which had not been claimed for many years , and perhaps never would . But the Court ought to afford facilities for getting out a great part of this property , as it seemed , that it was locked up there , on account of 551 some defects in the constitution , or in the forms of that Court . What his hon . friend said , did not cast an imputation on any person , but only went to this , that such a fund ought not to be suffered to exist , if the persons to whom the property belonged could be discovered . Now , the sums thus lying dead , were not like the unclaimed dividends , the property of persons who had died without making a disclosure of their having money in the funds ; on the contrary , much of this property belonged to persons who knew of its existence , and had , perhaps , for years , been vainly endeavouring to procure it . Whether this evil arose from the forms or practice of the Court , the cause ought to be removed . said , that the suitors ' money , in his opinion , should be put out at interest , to accumulate for their benefit , and not be suffered to lie dead in the Bank of England , or be applied to purposes such as were proposed by the present Bill . What had fallen from the hon . gentlemen opposite confirmed him in his opinion of the impropriety of paying any part of the Vice-Chancellor 's salary out of this fund . He hoped the next time the Bill came before them , the noble lord would be authorized to state , that the Lord Chancellor , since the measure was for his benefit , coincided in his objection , and had volunteered to come forward and pay the whole salary himself . He was sure such a determination would be approved of by the whole House , and he might even add , by the whole country . wished to explain the misapprehensions which seemed to exist relative to the dead fund . If a Chancery suitor applied to have the litigated property vested in stock , it was always done : but , where the parties did not express a wish to that effect , the Court did not like to interfere , lest a loss might be sustained , which was not unlikely to happen , where stock was purchased in one term , and sold in the next . If such a loss were occasioned by the mere act of the Court , unauthorised by the suitor , the latter might conceive himself hardly dealt by . When the fund in the Bank of England accumulated very much , a part of it was vested in stock , the interest of which was laid out in the building of the Six Clerks Office , and defraying other expences connected with the Court of Chancery ; but every act of parliament provided for the security of the persons whose property was thus put 552 out at interest , if any just claimant appeared . Of course , when the amount of property floating in Chancery was 25,000,000l . it was natural to expect that a considerable sum would remain for ever unclaimed . said , that the use made of the dead fund was a mere conditional appropriation , in the same way as government applied to the exigencies of the state , one