against the Catholics . The way I used the expression was , partizan-sheriffs , covenanted against the Catholic claims . I did not mean to cast an imputation on all Protestant sheriffs , but merely to state the hardship of Catholics being tried by juries , assembled by those , who might be fairly called partizan-sheriffs , covenanted against the Catholics . As for enacting any thing about the Protestant succession or the Protestant church , I never proposed any such thing . There is a great deal of difference between reciting it in the preamble of an act , and professing to enact it . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; I am induced to rise , at so early a period of the debate , for the purpose of obviating the misstatement ( certainly unintentional ) of the expressions and sentiments of my right hon . friend , ( Mr. Grattan ) , which has been made by the hon . gentleman who has last spoken . My right hon . friend has not called Great Britain a foreign country ; ' and , even if such an expression had accidentally been used by him , the uniform tenor of his opinions and of his language , in this House , might have suggested to the hon . member the propriety of abstaining from a verbal criticism upon it . My right hon . friend unites , to the enthusiasm of an Irish patriot , the comprehensive 796 views of a statesman and a legislator ; and his affection for his native country , to which his life has been devoted , has expanded into love of the general weal , and zeal for the glory of the empire . In every sentiment which he has uttered , I most cordially concur . My right horn friend has not been so absurd as to propose to re-enact the Bill of Rights and the Act of Settlement ; but absurd and extravagant calumnies having , with no laudable industry , been propagated , as if the present motion were intended to invade the church , and to overturn the state , my right hon . friend has placed , in the front of his Resolution , a denial of the calumny . The hon . gentleman has said there is nothing specific or intelligible in the motion or in the statement . The motion appears to me to be perfectly distinct , and perfectly intelligible . It proposes to remove all the civil disabilities which affect a great portion of our fellow subjects , on account of their religion ; offering , at the same time , to accompany the measure with every security which may be required , for the protection of the Protestant interest . This seems not very difficult to comprehend ; but I own I do not find it equally easy to ascertain the meaning of the hon . gentleman himself . In some part of his argument he relies on objections which , if they have any weight against the measure now , must always operate ; in other parts , he insinuates an opinion that the objections are only accidental or temporary . Why the hon . member voted for the measure in the last parliament , and intends to oppose it in this , seems to require some further explanation than he has thought proper to afford . The intolerant declarations of the Pope , which he has referred to , were surely as strong an argument at that time , at they are now ! The hon . gentleman seems to have spoken with an anxiety to anticipate what is to be said by a right hon . friend of his , who is hereafter to express his opinions ; and he has alluded to the proposal of some plan , which , he fears , will not be acceptable to the petitioners , but which he himself does not approve of ; or , if he does , why he can not agree to the going into a committee , for the purpose of considering it , the House