be harrassed by the Swedish army , under that great French captain , as he was called , the Crown Prince of Sweden . Now the noble lord says—Aye , you see we were right in 94 our expectations—Buonaparté was obliged to leave two grand corps behind him , for fear of the Swedes . But yet some how or other , it would seem that Buonaparté was soon relieved of all apprehensions from any diversion in his rear , and availed himself in proper time of these two corps , so said to be kept in check by the Swedes ; for the fact was , that under Victor and Augereau they had actually united themselves with the grand army against Russia.—As to the state of Russia itself , and the result of the present campaign , he differed altogether from the noble lord with respect to the resources and population of the Russian empire , and with respect to the view which had been taken of that horrible fact , the conflagration of Moscow . The noble lord had applied to Buonaparté the epithet of devastor of Moscow . Now , it appeared that Buonaparté was anxious , and did all that was in his power to be the preserver of Moscow , as he had preserved Vienna , Berlin , Rome , Madrid , Venice and Milan , into which he had entered as conqueror . This act , the burning of Moscow , which he could not sufficiently deplore , had been represented by the right hon . gentleman , and by the noble lord , as a proof of the spirit which animated the Russians , as a sacrifice they were willing to make to the safety of their country ; nay , the noble lord had regretted that the example set by Russia , in the destruction of their capital , was not earlier made , and he chose to describe that event as an evidence of the temper of the Russian people , as if they had been perfectly willing to surrender their wives and children , their sick , wounded and dying , to the destructive flames which laid the city in ashes . But this was by no means the case . It was well known that Moscow was burnt by military command , and that the inhabitants had no will in its execution , and no power to prevent it . The people whose property and dearest connections fell a prey to the devouring flames were not consulted in the execution ; they had no will in the matter ; and now they had no refuge , no shelter to fly to ; and whether the act were justifiable or not , it was certainly not voluntary on their part , but a penalty inflicted on them by their government . The right hon . gentleman wished he could know what were the real feelings of the Russian people with respect to that event , and had delivered a splendid passage and drawn a highly coloured picture 95 from the stores of his imagination on the instinctive love which every people possessed for their native soil . This he believed to be true , they might love their country ; but to suppose that the people of Russia could love their government , or to talk to them of the laws and constitutions of their country , which they were called on to defend , was altogether ridiculous . It was said , that the population of the empire was every where rising spontaneously round the French armies for the purpose of exterminating them . But where , he would ask , was the evidence of this ? That the Russian army was now , as it always had been , famous for its valour and discipline , and for its implicit obedience , could not possibly be doubted . They were well known to pay implicit obedience to all the commands of their superiors without hesitation , and would probably act now as they did formerly , when on the death of their monarch , they changed sides ,