of a temporary nature ; and effecting ( or rather not effecting ) that object by a permanent dismemberment of the highest judicial office of the constitution . could not content himself with giving a silent vole upon this question , which if agreed to would effect a complete change in the character of future Lord Chancellors ; and that the country would never again see such men as Somers , Camden , or Hardwicke . He could not support the present Bill ; for although he must admit , and every body must admit , that the evil which was stated was a most serious one , yet he conceived that the remedy proposed was still more serious , and that it was an evil still greater than that which it purported to reform . The evil which now existed might , however , be considered as a temporary one ; whereas , the remedy proposed would , if agreed to , bring upon them one that in his opinion would be permanent . They were now called upon to remedy an evil , which the other House had taken no step for many years to remove . The House of Lords , though the arrears had long been growing upon them , had never taken any active measures for removing the evil . They had not continued their sittings longer in order to diminish the arrear of causes before them , nor had they met earlier in the day , nor ever proceeded to the decision of any appeal in the absence of the Lord Chancellor . This it had been the practice of the House to do in former times , and in some cases it might be better that the cause should be decided on in his absence , as Appeals from his decisions frequently came before them . He thought there could be no difficulty in procuring the attendance of a sufficient number of lords to hear causes , in the absence of the Lord Chancellor , and by this means alone the evil might gradually be removed . He did not think any other remedy was necessary , and at least he thought what he had mentioned ought to be tried , before a measure like that now proposed were adopted . If their lordships had either met earlier in the morning for this purpose , or continued their sittings by shorter adjournments , or had decided causes even when the Chancellor was not present , there would not now have been such an arrear of business before them . The question however was not whether any 492 other remedy could be devised ? but whether that proposed ought to be resorted to ? He conceived that the present Bill would alter materially the constitutional course of the business of the Court of Chancery , and the office of Lord Chancellor . After a few successions of Vice-Chancellors , there would be no more men found to discharge the high office of Lord Chancellor , in the manner it had hitherto been discharged by so many illustrious men . As to the great increase of business in Chancery , which had been so much spoken of , there was certainly a very great increase in the bankrupt business , but a very small increase in other respects . He denied that the business , strictly so called , of the Court of Chancery had increased since the year 1750 . The number of suits was not now greater than in the time of lord Hardwicke , but they were perhaps heard at greater length . There might possibly have been less indulgence , or , as he might say , less invitation to frequent hearings , and re hearings at that time , and which were now equally injurious to the clients of that Court and to the public at large . As to the number of motions in lord Hardwicke 's time , he did not know that they were much lower than at present , although , less time might have been taken up in the arguments upon them . Lord Hardwicke