army of Great Britain might come into one complete view . For the purpose of recruiting for this force , two additional companies of 48 men at an expence of 2,000l . were now established . The next head was the Embodied Militia , in which there was only a difference of two men , and expence 17,000l . in recruiting , but in consequence of the vote of last year , respecting the supernumeraries being diminished , there was a diminution of 30,000l . on the British , and 12,000l . on the Irish establishment . 1159 The next head was that of General Staff and Garrisons , and in this there was an increase of 41,000l . owing to the augmentation of the staff serving abroad , particularly in the medical department , and to the transfer of 15,000l . which had heretofore been charged in the army extraordinaries , for the deputy quarter master general , & c. but which was now placed among the army estimates . This addition also arose from the pay of a commander-in-chief in the Mauritius , and the appointment to several new commissions in the West Indies . It was customary to allow the commander of the forces 1,000l . to equip himself , and this sum with the other items he had enumerated , made up the total increase of 41,000l . The next head was that of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers , which exceeded the estimate of last year 20,000l . in consequence of the greater number of these officers , whose services deserved so well of their country , having retired . The next , was the Public Department Allowances , in which the increase was 28,000l . arising from a larger sum being necessary to the pay-office for exchequer fees . The salary of the head of that office was also augmented to 2,500l . and there was also an increase of 600l . in the commander in chief 's office , from his secretary 's becoming entitled from his length of services to a larger salary , viz . 3,500l . The war office was nearly the same as last year The adjutant general 's office required 935l . from an arrangement being made that the deputy adjutant-general should receive the full pay of his rank ; the office pay of 19s . per day being considered inadequate . And a similar arrangement had taken place in the quarter master general 's department , in which , however , there was a diminution of 500l . The charge for the depot for military , knowledge amounted to 1500l . which was paid over to the deputy quarter masher general for the purchase of maps , charts , & c. There was nothing more worth notice under this head . In the next , that of the In-pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals , there was an addition of 1,300l . from the pensioners this sear receiving full clothing , which they only did every other year . In the next head , the Out-pensioners of these establishments , there was an additional claim of 38,000l . as arrear of pensions of former years in Ireland , but this would be met by sums already voted and unexpended . 1160 The eleventh head was that of Widows Pensions , and in this there was an increase of 1,250l . owing to there being more deserving applicants put upon the list than there had been money fallen in from deaths or marriages . In the next head , the Volunteer Corps , the expence was 55,000l . less than in the former year ; and a further reduction of 8,300l . had taken place in the local militia , from the reduction of their numbers , in consequence of the act of last session . The next head was the Foreign Corps , and included the Supplementary Estimate . Here there was an increase of 2,500 men , and 90,000l . expence arising from the additions to the German Legion , and the formation of two foreign veteran battalions , in which to employ these men ,