subject ; and perhaps no greater eulogium could possibly be bestowed upon lord Wellington than was contained in their observations . From these it appeared that no movement of the enemy could disappoint his plans or controvert his projects ; while on their part no movement was concerted but it was anticipated—no expectation was raised but it ended in disappointment—no fear was entertained but it became realized . In one of these intercepted letters it is said , `` he must read our correspondence , or he must dive into our hearts , for no sooner do we form a design than he knows it , and forms measures to defeat it . '' Nothing , my lords , could equal the wisdom which marked all lord Wellington 's movements previous to the battle of Salamanca . If we turn our attention to his manœuvres after Marmont 138 approached the Douro , and the English were advanced to the Guerena , I can not at this time refrain from noticing that disposition which has peculiarly distinguished the character of lord Wellington . Lord Wellington had a favourable opportunity of giving battle to Marmont , and he was confident the issue would have been successful ; but he declined that opportunity , because he knew however brilliant the achievement , it would cost more lives than would be compensated by the object of victory . Let any one reflect on the different means which he used for two days , to circumvent all the schemes of the French general . The policy that each was pursuing became distinctly different , on account of the effect they endeavoured to produce . Marmont was anxious to bring the English to a general engagement , upon ground not actually unfavourable . Lord Wellington , on the other hand , wished to avoid an engagement , unless he could commence it under favourable circumstances.—The noble earl then took a view of the operations of the contending armies immediately previous to the battle of Salamanca , and particularly adverted to the skill and gallantry displayed by sir Thomas Graham in executing one of the orders of his illustrious chief—an achievement which was performed within sight of the hostile armies . The object of gaining that post furnished another striking proof of the uniform unwillingness of our illustrious commander to commit the general safety of his armies , or unnecessarily to risque the lives of his soldiers . His lordship then noticed the circumstances of Marmont 's receiving reinforcements from the northern army , and panegyrised the able retreat of the British commander , in consequence , without loss , and in such a way , as enabled the allied force in that quarter to form a junction . The manner in which lord Wellington passed the Tormes , and afterwards drew up in front of Marmont , who was extending his left to cut off his opponent from communicating with Salamanca and Ciudad Rodrigo , was a brilliant and admirable military manœuvre . In this situation it was not lord Wellington 's intention to engage ; and it was Marmont 's policy to drive him to that measure . Lord Wellington cautiously watched the operations which were attempted to intercept him on one side , and force him to battle on the other , and at the same time he was not remiss in waiting 139 for an opportunity of advantage , whence the retreat he had hitherto conducted might suddenly be changed into a contest for victory . Consider , my lords , what must have been the sensations and anxious reflections of this general at the time ; these must have been moments of rack to his deliberative genius , when deciding upon the mode of action which should best tend to the success of his country 's cause . Marmont , after gaining the heights opposite to those maintained by the marquis , suddenly weakened his left by the extension of his line , and no sooner was the error perceived by the brave and gallant general , than he exclaimed , `` Now I have you . '' The felicitous , the