not tend to influence the exchange ? And thinking that 234 it had that influence , he had voted that the cash payments should , at the end of two years , be renewed , with a view certainly , that if at the end of that period it was found from any causes impracticable , the time should be enlarged from year to year until the company had the means of calling in all their notes : at present every body would admit , that to compel the Bank to pay in specie would be a gross act of injustice . There were advantages belonging to a paper system , and even to an extended issue of notes . 1 . It was a great convenience to merchants who could thus with ease obtain discount for their bills . 2 . It was an equal facility to government in raising loans . 3 . It laid a burden upon the shoulders of those who were best able to bear it , and diminished the weight that would otherwise be imposed upon the poor . It might also be a very serious question whether , supposing the Bank had always paid in specie , the legislature would not have been called upon to remedy inconveniencies resulting from that system , instead of passing Bills to amend errors belonging to the present , considering our relation with the continent of Europe . As matters now stood it was perfectly evident that Bank paper had depreciated 35 per cent . Where that depreciation would end it was impossible to divine , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , by the Bill before the House , proposed no remedy to prevent its depreciation even to 100 per cent . Under these circumstances , the subject was to be viewed in a very serious and painful light , since its consequences might be so ruinous . Another point to be contemplated was the proposed abolition of local tokens , after the 25th of March . If such a measure were resorted to , what was to supply the deficiency ? Small change for the common transactions of life was every where wanted , even with the aid of these local tokens ; but when they were withdrawn , the governor of the Bank had admitted that that establishment had it not in its power to issue any silver to make good the loss that would be sustained in the districts where local tokens were in circulation . said , he had supported the measure on former occasions , as the only means to resist the military despotism with which we were threatened . It was perhaps paying dear , but not too dear , for salvation . As long as the spirit of the constitution should survive , this 235 little spot would continue to strive ; but exertions were necessary , and considering the measure the Bill went to continue as one of those exertions , he would support it . did not mean to discuss the principle of the Bill , but should suggest a course which he conceived it would be advisable to pursue . He thought that it would be the best way to suffer the Bill to pass , since ministers represented it to be of urgent necessity ; but it would be better that it should be a short Bill renewing the present Bill for three or four months , so that after the recess the House might have full time to acquire the information necessary to the discussion of this important question in all its bearings . He thought the question of local tokens , which had been mentioned , was one which required much consideration . If the Course he had proposed should meet the views of the House , he hoped his hon . friend would have no objection to withdraw his amendment . expressed his regret , that he was prevented by indisposition from delivering his sentiments on the important question before the House . wished to know , before the question was put , whether ministers would accede to the proposal of his