be substituted ; yet it had been admitted , by a right hon . member , ( Mr. Plunket ) who had eloquently supported the motion , that some regulations were necessary ; particularly with respect , to the interference of the Pope , in the appointment of bishops . He would ask , what probability there was that any regulations would be submitted to by the Catholics ? An hon . general ( Mathew ) who he believed was as likely to know the sentiments of the Catholics , had ridiculed the idea , and had claimed for them , on the ground of right , a full admission to all the offices of the state . He complained , that there was a great misconception as to the mode in which-this question was brought forward . It was certainly true , that such a question , affecting the national religion , must be considered in a committee ; but he appealed to the practice of the House on former occasions , particularly when the relief from certain penal statutes was first granted to the Catholics , to shew that the petition for leave to bring in the Bill was first made , and then that motion was referred to a committee , in which the nature and object of that Bill were fully discussed and examined . Whereas , by the present mode , the House was led on in the dark to give its countenance to measures , which , if explained in detail , it would never have sanctioned . He adverted to the manner in which the interference of the clergy had been treated , and contended there was no body of men whose opinions would so naturally be expected , or to which greater deference should be paid . made a very brief reply . He said , that in all the speeches which had been made against his motion , the speakers had entered into a detail which was not sanctioned by the nature of the motion . The reason of which was , that they wished to go into the consideration of minute articles , in order to avoid the principle which they could not justly oppose . He had spoken with respect of the petitions , and therefore it was ridiculous to say that he had done otherwise . One argument was , that the oath which excluded Roman Catholics from parliament was a part of the Bill of Sights ; and , of course , that when they should be admitted , part of that Bill would 1074 be repealed . In answer to this , he said , that the oath alluded to was provisional , and not fundamental ; and to prove this he quoted the authority of parliament in the time of queen Anne . as he saw an hon . gentleman in his place , who had given notice of a motion for to-morrow , wished to ask him whether , under the circumstance that happened since his notice , of the Letter addressed by her royal highness the Princess of Wales , to the House of Commons , he still persisted in his intention of bringing forward the motion ? replied , that he saw nothing , in what had occurred , to alter his view of the subject . It was his firm intention , therefore , to bring forward his motion to-morrow . moved the order of the day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to consider of the Finances of Great Britain ; and that the several Accounts of the National Debt and of the produce of the Consolidated Fund and War Taxes , be referred to the said Committee . The House having resolved itself into a Committee , Mr. Hawthorne in the chair , addressed him to the following effect : Mr. Hawthorne ; after the long and laborious attention which for several nights past the House has bestowed on a subject of the greatest importance , I should be unwilling to bring under its consideration any question likely to lead to