that decision would be to moderate and conciliate the ardent minds of those , who had gained the ascendant in the Roman Catholic assemblies : nor in believing that a separation would be produced , between those of that communion , who really desired a revision of the laws for the purpose of amicable adjustment , and those , if any such there were , who , under the cloak of emancipation , harboured views unfriendly to the connexion between the two parts of the united kingdom : but other members were much more confident than myself , and ventured to predict that this desirable state of things could not fail to follow the carrying of that Resolution . There is another of the three objects , upon which the right hon . mover of that Resolution ( Mr. Canning ) and others felt no anxiety , while I , not only felt , but expressed very serious apprehensions ; I mean the temper and general disposition of the Church of England and its members , with regard to the claims of the Roman 787 Catholics . I believed , and stated it not to be apathy nor indifference , which rendered them quiescent , and apparently inert ; but that it proceeded from a confidence in the wisdom of this House , and a firm reliance upon the same steady system being pursued , which had guided our counsels since Mr. Perceval came into administration . I said that the interval of time would prove whether my predictions or those of others were deserving of credit ; and therefore that the period which must intervene between the passing of the Resolution and the next meeting of parliament , was a fortunate circumstance , because it would ascertain whether the satisfaction and concord of all his Majesty 's Protestant subjects was , or was not , likely to follow the repeal of the disqualifying statutes . I am glad , for myself , that I , at the time , so studiously restricted the meaning and intention of the vote which I gave , in the month of June ; but I really trust that the vote of no other member , who concurred with the majority , could be understood , in fairness and common sense , as pledging him to the furtherance of any objects , besides those upon which that Resolution was founded ; still less could my own vote be considered as obligatory upon myself , to pursue a course , directly contrary to those conditions and stipulations , under which it was expressly given . I have frequently concurred with majorities of the House in resisting motions for going , generally , into a committee upon the Roman Catholic Petitions ; I should have done the same , upon a similar motion , in June last ; but I thought myself safe in agreeing to consider them , whenever that consideration might tend to the peace and strength of the united kingdom , the stability of the Protestant establishment , and the satisfaction and concord of all classes of his Majesty 's subjects : and , if the right hon . mover demonstrates , to my conviction , that these consequences , or even any one of them , would follow from carrying his question , my vote would , on the present night , be given much more cheerfully in concurrence with , than in contradiction to him . I perfectly recollect the inauspicious circumstances , under which the motion of the last session was brought for-ward by my right hon . friend who sits opposite to me ; that a set of the most inflammatory and intemperate Resolutions , agreed to by a general meeting of the Roman Catholics , with lord Fingal in 788 the chair , on the 18th of June , 1812 , reached London , only on the morning of that debate , and that my right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) with the dexterity and ability of a great orator , employed no small portion of his art , not only in averting this dangerous weight