that long before that battle , and as early as the 10th of December in the year 1702 , the duke of Marlborough had received from parliament an annuity of 5,000l . ; * and Blenheim was , besides , the first victory of any importance he had obtained . Not so with the marquis of Wellington : it was not for the victory of Salamanca alone that the vote of 100,000l . was demanded for the noble marquis . The whole of his life had been devoted to the service of his country . All the advantages obtained in Spain were owing to his military genius , and if ever there was a case which called for an expression of national gratitude , it was the case of the marquis of Wellington . was sorry that the defalcation in the revenue , during the two * See the Parliamentary History , vol . 6 , p. 57 . 211 last years , prevented him from making the motion he at first intended to submit to the House , which was to double the sum proposed to be voted for lord Wellington , besides a monument to be erected in the country which gave him birth , he meant Ireland , for he was Ireland 's pride and England 's hope . It was cruel to impose titles on men who had served their country , without at the same time giving them the means of supporting them . He was now a marquis : he might next be made a duke , without the means of supporting those high dignities . It was a maiden grant , and ought to be vigorously executed ( a laugh . ) We should have in this metropolis a Wellington-house , as well as a Marlborough-house , and he should give his most hearty assent to a proposition for such an object . in a maiden speech , said he should not follow the noble lord , or the hon . baronet , through the military details into which they had entered ; but he must say , that he thought the hon . baronet had been guilty of the indiscretion which he unfoundedly charged on the marquis of Wellington—he had made an attack where there was no breach . Had the hon . baronet considered the subject with more deliberation , he must have seen , that there might be such a thing as a bold advance without rashness , and a skilful retreat without disgrace . He thought the House should cheerfully agree to the Message of the Prince Regent . Even posthumous honours were useful , and were paid to the immortal lord Nelson , as a stimulus to naval exertion : but with how much greater satisfaction should we be struck , if we could see the Nelson of the army , —the man whose name , like his , might become the common appellative of a hero , —living among us , and reaping the honours due to his services , in the munifificence , the admiration , and affection of his countrymen ? He hoped that nothing would interfere to detract from that munificence , and to diminish that admiring affection . The hon . baronet had alluded to the distresses of the country ; but , although he thought himself as well acquainted with them , at least with the mercantile distresses , as the hon . baronet , he should not enter on the topic at present , as a fitter time would by and bye occur for that discussion : he felt as deeply for them , and wished as ardently to relieve them , as any of those persons who most indulged in lamentations over them ; yet he 212 thought , with respect to those distresses , that there was a time to speak of them , and a time to forbear . And he was sure , that the commercial interests of the country would feel indignant , were they to hear that their distresses stood in the way of the munificence of parliament . Instead of looking upon these distresses