, if you grant it now , you give it to a class , as much inferior in property , as they are superior in numbers . Now it is a truth , as certain as any in political economy , that , at no very distant period , the wealth of the country must become diffused , pretty nearly in proportion to its relative population ; will the Protestants of Ireland thank you for deferring the adjustment of this question until it shall be demanded by people , having as great an ascendancy in wealth as in population ? Sir , these are serious practical considerations , and the clergy of this country would do well to weigh them and to reflect upon them . These are questions , much more of policy than of religion , and it is not without deep regret that I see any portion of that respectable body interpose themselves between the wisdom of the legislature and the temporal interests of the subject , with such a tone and such a manner as some of them have assumed on this occasion . If the interests of religion or the rights of their order are at stake , they are entitled to come forward as a body—even if the matter is merely political , they are entitled to come forward as individuals ; but , that any of them should adopt the present tone of unqualified remonstrance , because the Commons of England propose to consider the political claims of their fellow christians and fellow subjects , with a view to a final and amicable adjustment , does not seem calculated to advance the real interests of religion . Sir , religion is degraded when it is brandished as a political weapon , and there is no medium in the use of it : either it is justified by holy zeal and fervent piety , or the appeal to it becomes liable to the most suspicious imputation . Sir , I consider the safety of the state as essentially interwoven with the integrity of the establishment . The established religion is the child of freedom . The Reformation grew out of the free spirit of bold investigation : in its turn it repaid the obligation , with more than filial gratitude , and contributed , with all its force , to raise the fabric of our liberties . Our civil and religious liberties would each of them lose much of their security , if they were not so deeply indented each with the other . The church need not to be apprehensive . It is a plant of the growth of 300 years ; it has struck 811 its roots into the centre of the state , and nothing , short of a political earthquake , can overturn it : while the state is safe it must be so ; but let it not be forgotten that , if the state is endangered , it can not be secure . The church is protected by the purity of its doctrines and its discipline ; the learning and the piety of its ministers ; their exemplary discharge of every moral and christian duty ; the dignity of its hierarchy , the extent and lustre of its possessions , and the reverence of the public for its ancient and unquestioned rights ; to these the Catholic adds the mite of his oath that he does not harbour the chimerical hope , or the unconstitutional wish to shake or to disturb it ; and therefore , all which is requisite , for the security of the church , is that it should remain , in repose , on its own deep and immoveable foundations ; and this is the policy which the great body of the church of Ireland , and , I believe I may add , of the church of England , have adopted . If any thing could endanger its safety , it would be the conduct of intemperate and officious men , who would erect the church into a political arbiter , to prescribe rules of imperial policy to the throne and to the