of the enemy on that point . He then stated , in allusion to what fell from Mr. Ponsonby on the preceding evening , the various occasions on which the subject of negociations with France had been before the House , and the conduct he had pursued . Although he had delivered his opinion on those occasions , he never had , before last night , submitted any specific proposition on the question . But now , when he saw an opportunity occur most favourable for this country , and when he saw no manifestation in the speech from the throne , of a desire to seize that opportunity , he conceived it right that parliament should interfere . They must all recollect , that the speeches from the throne during 127 the last 20 years , contained , in general , a passage , expressive of a desire to conclude a peace with France , and with all the world , if it could be procured on terms commensurate with the safety and dignity of the country . But now there was a total silence on that point ; and he wished to prevent that bare and naked exposition of the state of the country , —he wished to prevent those distresses which the war had , and must continue to produce , —being blazoned throughout Europe ; he wished to save the country from being placed in a similar situation to that in which she had been plunged by the repeal of the Orders in Council , when it was too late—and this could only be effected by a timely pacification . No man was more ready than himself to endure privations for the public good ; no man would feel more repugnance in endeavouring to prevent the people from making any sacrifice which tended to uphold the honour of the country ; but when he saw the government placed in hands which his right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) was not himself disposed to support—when he saw a government possessing power , but without confidence—when he saw the infatuation which prevailed in the country , from the period of Mr. Fox 's motion , in 1793 , for opening a negociation with France , down to the present hour , —he thought he acted correctly in endeavouring to check the evil . He wished the Prince Regent to be informed of the true state of the country , before fresh exactions were placed on the people , that measures might be devised to prevent their necessity . Many opportunities would occur for the consideration of the Spanish question . He agreed with the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Robinson ) as to the improved situation of our army on the peninsula now , compared with what it was at the end of the last campaign . But , when he spoke of the importance of raising the siege of Cadiz , and of the retreat of Caffarelli , a question arose , which every Englishman was anxious to ask ; `` What has Spain done ? '' To answer this , circumstances must be noticed , which one would fain forget . Let us look to lord Wellington 's gazetted account of the battle of Salamanca . We there find units , tens , hundreds , and thousands of slain and wounded , on each side ; while the Spanish loss is reduced to six ! He should be glad to have this circumstance properly explained . Lord Wellington had spoken of the Guerillas as being very active ; and , he believed , 128 that was all that could be said . As partisans , they might do mischief to the enemy , and he was afraid they also annoyed the population themselves ; but to look to them for any great effort , if the English army were removed , was to encourage a vain imagination , in which there was no hope . Buonaparté was at present in a perilous situation , and every exertion ought to be made , by taking advantage of it , to procure a peace . But