prematurely ? Is it to justify his vote against myself ? I do not admit that the statement which he calls for would have that effect : but as I am sure , on the other hand , that it can not have the effect of drawing his vote back , I shall , with his permission , choose my own time for that statement . It would be presumptuous and indiscreet to go into such details at this stage of the business : presumptuous , because till the general principle is settled , it would be an unpardonable waste of the time of the House to obtrude my particular notions upon their attention : but indiscreet in the highest degree , after the experience which we have had in the case of the Veto , which was utterly lost by premature disclosure . I have very little , doubt , that if that suggestion had been kept back until a resolution to make some concession to the Catholics had passed this House , and that the concessions , and the proposed security of the Veto , had then been offered simultaneously , the offer would have been thankfully accepted . By premature disclosure and angry discussion—angry , because unqualified by any hint or expectation of a conciliatory arrangement , the Veto was blown upon , and condemned before it was well understood : and is now become so unpopular that it would make concession itself unacceptable . Perhaps I do not regret this quite so much as the noble lord , ( Castlereagh ) and others seem to do , because the more I reflect upon the Veto , the less I am satisfied of its beneficial tendency ; and the more I am inclined to apprehend that there would have been found to be great practical objections to it : objections not so much on the Catholic , as on the Protestant side of the question . But good or bad , it has been lost by premature discussion . And when my hon . friend calls upon me to throw 1065 out , in the same manner , whatever plans I may have in my mind , —to be censured , by some as ineffectual , by others as oppressive ; to be misconceived , in short , and misrepresented in all sorts of ways , until they are rendered wholly unpalatable , and , of consequence , wholly impracticable , he invites me to err , in the very teeth of recent experience ; and instead of forwarding the work of conciliation , to open new sources of disunion , and give new hold to the enemies of the settlement at which we aim . I am called upon to state the securities which I think necessary and sufficient . I answer—do you state the dangers you apprehend . This is surely the natural order of the argument . But , when I say this , do not let me be understood as retorting the taunt of our antagonists ; as meaning to defy them to state any dangers ; or as intending to insinuate , that I do not really think any thing in the shape of securities requisite . I do think securities for the Protestant establishments indispensible . I also think them not difficult to be devised . But , again I say when called upon to state their nature and limits , I can not answer you satisfactorily , because I can not answer you intelligibly , without previously ascertaining your ideas of the nature and extent of the dangers . Is it the power of the Pope that frightens you ? Is it that he is in the hands of Buonaparté ? —Is it that the spiritual power of the Roman see is to be united with the military power of France against us ; and that England will be not only blockaded , but excommunicated ? What then ? There is one small circumstance , which robs this threat of half its terrors ; —it is this , —we are excommunicated already ; and have been so for some time