who seemed anxious that the motion should be carried , intended that the rule should be universal , or confined to this particular case ? If it were intended to be restricted to this single case , he should oppose it ; because , by granting the privilege particularly here , it would seem as if there were something in the nature of the Petition itself , that caused the distinction . in what he had said , was not at all influenced by the nature of the Petition . He certainly wished it to be understood , that the permission was not to extend farther than the present case . was anxious that the Petition should be presented at the bar , by the Lord Mayor of Dublin ; but he declared that that anxiety did not take any colour from the object of the Petition—it was not any affront to the corporation of Dublin , 704 that their petitions were not so received by the Irish parliament ; because it was an invariable rule with them not to receive petitions except through a member of parliament : but here the case was different , for another course was permitted to the corporation of London ; and , if the same privilege were refused to the corporation of Dublin , they might feel themselves a little lowered in the estimation of the House . The countries being now united , he hoped the House would not stamp Dublin , and through Dublin , Ireland , with a feeling of inferiority . The cry of question now became general , and the gallery was almost cleared for a division , when observed , that , as the Lord Mayor was entrusted with another petition , it would probable obviate the objection if he presented that first . By this it would be seen that the nature of the Petition did not influence their decision . on this condition , expressed his willingness to vote for the motion . said , if the motion were agreed to , it would be an established principle that all Petitions from the corporation of Dublin , should be presented at the bar of the House by the Lord Mayor . said , the indulgence would be the same as that extended to the corporation of London ; which was always put to the vote . thought some resolution ought to be proposed , to set the question at rest . observed , that the letter of the Lord Mayor mentioned but one Petition ; if the House chose to follow the suggestion of the hon . gentleman , the word in the motion should be `` Petitions . '' said , he thought they ought not to confine their vote to the particular instance then before them , but should lay down some general rule . As the question was now about to be decided , there would be no uniformity in the practice , since the corporation of Dublin might either transmit their petitions by the Lord Mayor , or by members of the House of Commons as they pleased themselves . said , as the right of the corporation of the city of London to present petitions to the House of Commons , by their sheriffs , seemed to be questioned , he had no hesitation in saying , it was their undoubted privilege , and there was no authority in that House to deny it.— ( Cries of Chair ! chair ! Order ! order ! ) begged to call to the recollection of the House , that they never could recognise a privilege in any body , to knock at their doors and demand them to be opened—that was a right which belonged only to the crown . On reflection the hon . member would perceive that he had gone too far in claiming that as a right which was solely a courtesy . admitted that his expressions were rather too strong . He only meant to state , that from a very ancient period , the corporation of London were permitted to present their petitions to parliament through the