the commissariat.—From the same causes the debt of that gallant army was very great , and increasing from day to day , whereby its operations were crippled and frustrated . When the noble lord took a view of the manufactures of this country , was there nothing to make him pause before boasting of the present as the proudest period of the English annals ? The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) had mentioned our three wars . It was , unfortunately , but too true , that an acquisition of two of these wars had been made since the last session . In Russia we were accessaries after the fact . To that power we had not made subsidies as we had formerly done to other continental powers frequently with great profusion . Of the ability to act in that way we were now deprived . In the third war , which was with America , we stood in the character of principals and alone—a war the most disastrous and calamitous that ever was waged , and the existence of which cut up the sinews of the resources by which our other wars could be carried on . This was the proud , this was the unparalleled situation in which the country was placed , so much the subject of the noble lord 's exultation . In his opinion , it afforded only grounds for apprehensions , and abundant reasons to dread the most serious calamities . But the noble lord looked at these things with a soldier 's eye . He talked of the masterly retreat 93 of the Russians , which he thought superior to that of general Moreau . While the noble lord dwelt too with exultation on the achievements in Canada , he overlooked the capture of the Guerriere by the American frigate the Constitution . He took only the fluttering points into his picture , but it became the House to take every feature into their view . It was their duty to look at the situation in which lord Wellington was now placed since his abandonment of the siege of Burgos . The noble lord had thought proper to suppose that my lord Wellington might even be obliged to retreat to the lines of Torres Vedras . Lord Wellington himself , in his dispatches , said that the enemy were in great force , that they had received considerable reinforcements ; and that it was with the greatest mortification and regret , that he saw himself obliged to give up an object which , if obtained , he considered the success of the campaign certain . They were told , that when pursued by the French army he was pressed hardly ; and when at Rueda , that he could not make a stand there . But then they were told that the prosperity of the country was improved , and that the nation was in a glorious and grand situation . Why ? Because Buonaparté was on his retreat to his resources ; —his force not annihilated , though certainly in great danger . This was what the House were to congratulate themselves on , and for which they were to go to the Prince Regent with an Address , on the prosperous state of the country ! If this situation of affairs on the continent was good for any thing , it was this ; that the emperor of France , having failed in his object , an opportunity was now offered , when it would not be inglorious , and when it would certainly be highly useful to propose to the enemy some arrangement for peace.—The noble lord had by no means satisfactorily answered the question put to him by the right hon . gentleman respecting Sweden . It was , indeed , surprising that this country should become so easily the dupe of every state with which it happened to be allied . Great expectations were entertained by the government of this country from Sweden ; but he saw nothing in the connection but fresh sacrifices and fresh disappointments . The rear of the enemy was to