continue at the present price , but the Bill would prevent the confusion necessarily arising from double prices in all the transactions of life , and in this point of view , it was his most anxious wish that it should pass into law . maintained , that Banknotes were not depreciated , but that the price of gold had risen , which had given the idea of the supposed depreciation . But if Bank-notes had really decreased in value , goods , which were purchased with them , and especially landed property , had risen to a proportionate nominal increase of price . The contrary , however was the fact ; and the fair consequence to be deduced from it was , that 287 Bank-notes had not depreciated , however the price of bullion might have risen . The Bill before the House went to prevent the traffic in guineas , to which this rise in the price of the precious metals , and the rapacity of individuals , had given birth ; and no measure could be more proper ; for surely a man who fairly received a guinea at its stated price in the usual dealings of society , could not be allowed to make an unfair profit by it . The hon . gentleman thought that almost at any rate the legislature should prevent that fluctuating and double price in all transactions , which would soon put an end to all commerce , and leave nothing but jobbing in its stead . A fixed standard was absolutely necessary ; and he saw no impropriety in taking the Bank notes as such , as no depreciation in their value had been found in contracts , nor in any of the purposes of our inland trade . began by stating his approbation of that part of the Bill which protected the tenant as of eminent advantage , when the political theory of a noble lord ( King ) had led to a harsh experiment , which had been applauded by party spirit . In his opinion the tenantry of the country deserved to have their interests protected with as much legislative care as any class or description of men whatever ; they ought to be enabled to confide in the wisdom and benevolence of the law , and not to be left under the precarious security of a landlord 's indulgence or caprice . He had listened attentively to the speeches of great authorities , undoubtedly , on all subjects of political economy , and although he rose with diffidence after the right hon . gentleman , who might be considered the Nestor of the House , yet when he heard the Chancellor of the Exchequer state , that unless the present financial system were maintained , the war in the peninsula must be relinquished , he could have no scruple to vote in support of a question on which our national honour and prosperity so materially depended . rose to correct a misapprehension of the last speaker . He had not asserted that had the report of the Bullion Committee been acted on , the war in the peninsula could not have been maintained , but that it would have been impossible to carry on exertions to the same extent . in a maiden speech , said , that notwithstanding the length to which the debate had been carried , yet 288 from the great difference of opinion which had been so strenuously urged , he could not justify to himself the vote which he had already given , and should give on that subject , without expressing , however shortly and imperfectly , the reasons which operated on him . The question seemed to him to be shortly this ; whether the system of paper currency adopted of late years by this country was bad ; and , even if bad , whether it could be suddenly changed ? If it could not be suddenly changed ( and that it could not , he conceived , all would admit ) , then he asserted that this Bill , to remedy or palliate an evil growing out