sit for the Chancellor . Nothing could be more unlike . Compare the language of that commission , with that of this Bill , by which the Chancellor was to ring for his deputy . It would appear that the judges , when called upon , were really to sit for the Chancellor , to sit as the Chancellor ; to do his business ; to execute his functions , and the result was to be of as great validity , force , efficacy , and virtue , as if from the Chancellor himself . The new gentleman to be created was to have full power , & c , but `` in such manner , nevertheless , and under such regulations and restrictions , as the Lord High Chancellor shall , from time to time , order and direct . '' If this was to be freedom , he wished to know what was servitude ? If this was volition , what was coercion ? What was such a judge , but a man sitting on the judgment-seat , fettered hand and foot ? And was it possible to conceive that any decision of such a magistrate could be received as satisfactory , and acquiesced in as final ? ( Hear . ) Conceive a melancholy client coming into court and directing his solicitor to take care that his cause is set down for hearing , not before that tedious indecisive judge , the Master of the Rolls , ( Hear ! ) but before the Lord High Chancellor himself . Soon afterwards he hears that his cause is according to his direction before his lordship himself.—So much the better . At least the hearing will be final . Some time afterwards he is informed that his cause is decided against him—by whom ? By the Lord Chancellor himself ? No such thing : but by a judge under the constant direction and superintendance of the Chancellor , subject to his interference and controul , to his revisal , and reversal , or alteration.—What consolation would this be to the suitor—who had chosen the Lord Chancellor for his judge in preference to the Master of the Rolls for the express purpose of avoiding the necessity of an appeal , which would now be his only refuge ? Was not this the meaning of the Bill ? —He heard some murmurs near him , as if he were misrepresenting its tenour and purport . He certainly did not mean to misrepresent 489 it . The advocates of the Bill had particularly praised it for its clearness . It was indeed overloaded with perspicuity , full of qualifications , and limitations and exceptions and provisoes , patching up one hole and making another to patch up in turn ; and involved in inexplicable explanations . But after all was not the result , as he had stated it , that the Lord Chancellor might send causes he did not like to his Vice-Chancellor as he pleased , just as he would order away a corked bottle ; was not the Vice-Chancellor to take whatever was sent to him—to abstain from whatever was not thus sent to him ? To begin or to leave off , exactly when and where the Lord Chancellor pleased , at the beginning , or the middle , or end of a cause—just as might suit the Chancellor 's fancy ? Had he , or was he intended to have , any regular , known , fixed , intelligible , substantive province or authority ? ( Laugh . ) Scrub , in the play , Mungo , in the farce , Sancho , in his island , were in a state of settled Jurisdiction compared with this new officer ! If the form of his tribunal were copied from any thing at all , it must have been from Sancho in his little island ! ( Laugh . ) It was to be a delegation by fits and snatches , —the offspring of the humours and leisures of the Chancellor , dealt out in bits and scraps of jurisdiction . It really required more credulity than the