were unfairly urged , as by a standing order he was prohibited from doing so . A Bill could not be brought in to alter the laws in religious matters without the authority of a Committee of the whole House . The right hon . and learned gentleman had said , if means could be devised in the Committee which could remove from his mind the apprehension of danger , he should be most happy to concur in any proposition for relieving the Catholics from the disabilities of which they complained . Mr. Ponsonby said he hoped every man would go into the Committee with the same feeling . He hoped no one would go into it , in the hope of defeating its avowed object . Those who had such a wish , he conjured to oppose the present motion . It would be acting a better and an infinitely more manly part , than to go into the Committee to excite false hopes only to produce disappointment . If they went into the Committee with a sincere desire to ac- 1041 complish the object in view , he thought they would do more good for the country , than had been done by any one act for many years past ; and when the House agreed , bona fide , to take into consideration the Catholic claims , they would give themselves a right to expect a spirit of conciliation on the part of the Catholics . The best security for the allegiance of subjects was their own interest . He despised what were usually called securities ; but when the House shewed a disposition to go as far as they could to conciliate the Catholics , he thought the Catholics were bound to go as far as their faith would admit them to go , to meet the House in a spirit of conciliation . This he should not value as a measure of security , but he should value it as a measure of satisfaction.—He had told the noble lord twice last year , that if America proved unreasonable , he would support the government of this country in resistance to her demands . He had kept his promise , and he would now pledge himself in a similar manner with respect to the Catholics . He was confident his friends about him would do the same . The conduct of government , when it was that which was demanded by the welfare of the country , would ever meet with his support , and though this might exclude him and his friends from power for ever , he , for himself , should cheerfully do it , and he was satisfied from the noble disinterestedness of his friends around him , which had been displayed on many occasions , that they would cordially join him , as he knew they had no wish for power , but to employ it for the general good . rose and spoke as follows : I am sorry , Sir , even at this late period of the debate , to interfere with other gentlemen , many of whom , I see , are still anxious to deliver their sentiments upon the great question now before you . But , called upon as I have been in the course of this evening , by my right hon . and learned friend ( sir William Scott ) , and rebuked for having continued so long silent , I feel myself compelled no longer to defer offering myself to your indulgence . I should have thought , indeed , that I owed an apology to the House , had I risen earlier on this occasion ; considering the ample opportunities which I have already had of 1042 explaining my views and opinions on the subject in discussion . I should have thought so the rather , as , in the present state of this question , it does not appear to me to be at all incumbent on myself , or on those who think as I do , to urge any original matter , to induce the House to agree