complain of an unmerited attack which had been made upon him by an individual in one of the daily prints , and which , while he had a seat in that House , he would not submit to . He had no objection to the publication of the debates of the House ; but in these debates false accounts ought not to be suffered to go out to the public , nor false insinuations allowed to be thrown out , which might have a tendency to lower the character of any member of that House in the public estimation . He had occasion to notice an attack which was made upon him in the same paper about two years ago . Whether this originated in any ill will entertained against him by the Editor of the paper or not , he could not say . This was not his case alone , but that of every other member of the House . The press was now teeming with these sort of attacks , and every individual ought to resent them . Within these walls he had a right to look for protection . He appealed to the House if there was a syllable of truth in what the Editor had asserted . He alluded to the British Press newspaper . The Globe , which contained the same account , was , he believed , edited by the same person . In the account of the debate on the Vice-Chancellor 's Bill on Thursday night , he was described as having been assailed with loud noise in the course of his speech . He appealed to the House if this was the case . In the paper in question he was described also as having , with a degree of arrogance , said he would not waste his valuable time in answering lord Redesdale 's book . Such was the vicious and unfounded mode of attack resorted to by the Editor of this paper . ( A. general call of `` Read , read ! `` ) —It was not his intention to read the account , us he did not wish that the individual in question should be visited with punishment . said , if a complaint was made by the hon . member , he ought to deliver in the paper . The House was not to notice a practice which it did not mean also to punish . said , he did not wish the 519 matter carried farther at present ; but if the practice were repeated , he should certainly move for the punishment of the individual . moved the order of the day for the House going into a Committee on the Vice-Chancellor 's Bill . On the question for the Speaker 's leaving the chair being put , in rising to oppose this motion , said he must admit the extent of the evil against which it was the declared intention of the Bill to provide , and that the evil demanded an immediate remedy . He was perfectly aware that some decisive measure was imperiously called for to counteract the inconvenience which , under the present system , was experienced , but to that now before the House he had the strongest objections . He opposed it because it appeared to him to tend in its consequences to disengage the Lord Chancellor from a great portion of his judicial functions , and to render an office which was primarily judicial and secondarily political , primarily political and secondarily judicial . He opposed it , too , because there was another and an adequate remedy to which no objection could be made . In stating that it would have a tendency to disengage the Chancellor from a great portion of his judicial functions , there were two things to be established . It would be necessary , therefore , to enquire , 1st , whether it would be an evil if the measure were to be attended with such consequence ; and then , 2dly , whether it would be followed with such consequences ? —It seemed to be pretty generally admitted in the