. It had been said , that committees of nobles had been formed—that the emperor had exerted himself to afford relief , by rebuilding habitations , and by alleviating the poignant misery of the sufferers . It did , indeed , behove the Russian government to do away with ail the pomp of state—to apply all the resources of the empire to this object : it was more particularly the duty of that government to do so , from the commission of an act , singular in modern history—the conflagration of Moscow . This grant could be considered as no other than a subsidy in aid of the war in Russia ; for by discharging the Russian government of the duty of applying a sum equal to this to its suffering subjects , it left an equal sum applicable to the purpose of driving the French from the empire , or to that of crushing their power . It was a subsidy then—a paltry and contemptible subsidy as to the purpose of the war . From the resistance of Russia , if wisely taken advantage of , the greatest blessings might ensue . This , however , was as yet uncertain . In the mean time , there were in some parts of this country cases of as crying distress , as , out of the reach of war , could possibly be . Suppose a grant proposed to these sufferers ; would it not be said to be improper to attempt to alleviate private distress ? But would it not be an act of justice to our own country , before we went abroad with our charity , to know whether we had not objects at home , to whom it might be extended with advantage ? disclaimed the idea that , in consequence of this grant , we should be called upon to supply the wants of every country that might be reduced to a state of distress by the aggression of France . A principle so broad would lead to consequences , which , in the present convulsed state of Europe , it would be impossible for this country to meet . But the question was , whether the sufferings of the people of Russia were not brought home to our feelings , both by the heroic exer- 333 tions they had made , and by the important effect which those exertions were likely to have on our own interests , in such a manner as to call for every relief and assistance in our power ? The efforts of Russia had been as gigantic as her sufferings had been without parallel ; and it was not to be expected that equal sacrifices would again be made to call upon the House for their interposition . An hon . member had treated the proposal to afford relief to the Russian people as chimerical , and even liable to the suspicion of hypocrisy . He should have thought this character much more applicable to the measure , if it had been brought forward in the shape ( which that hon . gentleman recommended ) of a subsidy to the emperor Alexander . Nothing could be more contemptible or insulting , than a grant to such an extent to a power struggling with the difficulties which Russia had to encounter , and on the immense scale on which her military operartions were carried on . But though its effect might not be so immediate or decisive as could be wished , in alleviating individual distress , yet he hoped it would come seasonably in aid of the patriotic contributions now raising by the Russian government and nobles , to enable the peasantry and lower classes to resume their occupations , and re-build their habitations , on the return of the mild season . By this grant we should shew that we understood the nature of the struggle in which we were engaged , and were not insensible to the noble sacrifices which a whole people had made , not only of temporary interests , of local attachments , of ancient prejudices , but almost of existence , to the