aware , that in all questions relative to an alteration in the laws of the country , the regular mode was to submit the proposition to a committee ; but the person making the proposition stated the measure he had in view , described its general 1228 bearings , pointed out what it was his object to approve , and how far he was willing to qualify it , and that being done , a resolution was founded upon a motion , to accomplish the ulterior object in view . A reference to the proceedings of 1772 and 1791 , would shew that such was the parliamentary course . One mode of proceeding there was which seemed to be intended , and by which in a committee , the particular objects not being specified , the affairs of religion might be considered at large , and any point might be proposed and discussed ; and then the resolutions would form the foundation of a Bill . But the course now pursued was different , and the Resolution gave them very little information generally , and none at all , indeed , as to particulars , of the measure by which it was to be followed . The subject was one of very great extent , comprising , at once , the state of the Protestant and of the Catholic church—and he should have been very glad if the right hon . mover , or the hon . baronet who had just addressed them , had proposed any thing which might be looked upon as the foundation of a future Bill , instead of this vague and indeterminate Resolution . The proposition laid down this principle , that `` relief ought to be granted to his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects ; '' but it was worded in such general terms , that if leave were given to bring in a Bill , pursuant to that Resolution , he would defy the ingenuity of man to state what measure would finally result from a power so large and so indefinite . But they were told , that time was to be given—they were told , after having been first informed that immense good would immediately be derived from the discussion of this question , that the examination of the measure to be proposed was to be left to a future time , and they were to recollect all the sentiments which had been recently expressed on the investigation of this question , as containing principles by which their decision might be guided , and by a recurrence to which they might amend and improve any Bill which might be offered to them . Nobody could guess what the Bill was to be . When that Bill should afterwards come to its committee , they would have to recollect all the discordant opinions of those who had voted for a committee in the first instance . This , without meaning any disrespect to the right hon . mover , did not appear to him to be a fair parliamentary way of dealing 1229 with a question of this importance . The right hon . mover had disclaimed the idea that it had ever entered the mind of man to grant unconditional concession ( and of course his plan in general must be one of conciliation and regulation ) but , if that were not the intention—if the only plan were concession , mixed with safeguards and restrictions , was it not , then , of the very essence of the measure , that those who would be called on to agree to it , should know what it was ? Or , was the ultimate proposition to be covered and concealed , by the generality of the expressions contained in the Resolution before the House ? The substance of that Resolution was , that parliament should begin with doing away all the disabilities at present affecting the Catholics , the Protestant church of England , Ireland , and Scotland , being secured—but how this security was to be obtained , they were left to imagine . The principle of the Resolution might