. agreed entirely with the last speaker , but wished to correct a statement made by an hon . and learned gentleman , that the government of this country had at any period conceded the fight of the Americans to insist on the repeal of the Orders in Council . wished to say a few words in reply to what had fallen from the hon . and learned member opposite , and also from the late member for Yorkshire , who had honoured him with the appellation of friend . The hon . and learned gentleman opposite had informed them , hat a day would be appointed for considering the American question ; and as the hon . and learned gentleman had returned to that House unchanged , he would venture to predict that it would not be a short day . The hon . and learned gentleman had told them , that he had employed his pen and tongue in support of the Orders in Council : his pen he had employed before he entered parliament , and no doubt that pen had gained him his seat ; and that he had used his tongue subsequently to his being in parliament , the House could abundantly testify . It appeared singular , however , that the hon . and learned gentleman , who spoke on every subject , should have been silent the day that his darling offspring , the Orders in Council , breathed their last ; but so it was . He had heard that the marquis of Wellington had once been employed to prevent a certain right hon . doctor ( Duigenan ) from speaking ; and as he had observed a noble lord Seated by the hon . and learned gentleman during the debate to which he alluded , he had no doubt that his employment was precisely similar to that of the noble marquis . He had been very anxious to hear the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; but as often as he had attempted to rise , he had been prevented , first by 126 one , then by another ; at length up started the late Treasurer of the Navy , ( Mr. Rose ) whom he might denominate the patriarch of the Treasury Bench , and who chose to disclaim all idea of a tax on capital , which he threw upon a right reverend bishop , many hundred miles off . If it really was the natural child of the right reverend prelate , he thought it very hard to throw it at his door , under such circumstances.—The hon . gentleman then proceeded to detail the occurrences of his political life , and repelled the attack made on him by Mr. Stephen , whom he designated as the author and supporter of the Orders in Council—he who eulogised them while living , and lamented them when dead.—He stated , in reply to Mr. Wilberforce , that the petition for peace carried in that House , was at the close of the American war , when the distressed manufacturers burst the doors of the House , and by a recital of their distresses obtained the petition . Mr. Burke was then the eloquent but unsuccessful advocate of peace—deaf was the parliament ! —deaf were the ministers ! —deaf was the prince ! —that war , so obstinately persevered in , ended in the independence of America , and its consequences were now visiting us . He denied that he was ( as he had been characterised ) a man who wished to drag his country to the feet of France , and asserted , that he had ever acted on principle , and during the whole course of the war had been the consistent advocate of peace . The hon . gentleman next adverted to the Amendment which he had proposed on the preceding evening , and which , he contended , had been misunderstood ; as it did not call on the Prince Regent to enter into an immediate negotiation for peace ; but to cause an enquiry to be made as to the feelings