see has never consented to grant this faculty , especially in Europe ; and , notwithstanding the special reasons urged by several of you , arising from the actual situation of France , the utmost which can be done is , for the Pope to take the matter into his most serious consideration. '' —Vol . 2 , p. 109 . `` 6 . Indulgence to dispense , in the case of marriage , with the impediment resulting from the crime of adultery between the parties , with a promise of future marriage , provided nevertheless that neither of the parties had efficaciously contributed to the death of the deceased husband . `` 13 and 14 . Indulgences to dispense the incestuous parties , in cases , where the right to demand the conjugal duty has been lost by occult and carnal commerce with a near relative , either in the first or second degree , on condition of penance , & c. Eleignement d'occasion , & c. `` To dispense , where marriage has been contracted , with the occult impediment of the first and second degree of affinity , proceeding from carnal and criminal union , provided that the crime has not been committed with the mother of the wife , before the birth of the latter , and not otherwise ; on conditions similar to the preceding . 15 . To dispense , in a similar case , where the marriage has not been yet 828 excommunicating offending princes and their subjects , under the decrees of the Council of Trent , is now exercised as in former times.§§ also , among other passages , quoted the following words , from the Manual of Doctrine and Discipline , now used by the college of Maynooth ( Tractat . de Ecclesiâ ) : `` Itaque maximo in pretio illud Concilium ( Tridentinum scilicet ) habere debent omnes Clerici , cum ratione dogmatum , sit veluti omnium precedentium synodorum compendium ; et ratione disciplinæ , dici merito possit manuale , sacerdotum , vel omnium qui sacerdotio sunt initiandi . '' [ After reasoning upon these documents , and shewing how completely they proved the position that the court of Rome was not materially changed in doctrine and discipline , from what it was heretofore , he continued . ] I shall now proceed to substantiate the fact , that the Romish clergy continue to possess and to practise a very powerful and mischievous influence over the laity of that persuasion , both in Great Britain and Ireland . For this purpose , I refer to what passed in England in 1789–90 , on the occasion of the famous controversy between the Catholic Committee , to whom the conduct of the Bill ( usually called , Mr. Mitford 's Act ) was committed , in its passage through parliament , and the three apostolic vicars , upon the subject of the concluded , but is ready to take place , and can not be delayed for the special dispensation of the holy see without great scandal . `` —Relation , & c. vol . 2 , p. 149 . §§ Bull of Excommunication against Buonaparté and his adherents , 1809 . `` Hinc autoritate omnipotentis Dei et S. Sanctorum Apostolorum Petri et Pauli ac Nostrâ ; `` Declaramus eos omnes , & c. excom-municationem majorem aliasque censuras ac pænas ecclesiasticas à sacris canonibus et apostolicis constitutionibus et genera-lium conciliorum , Tridentini præsertim ( Sess . 22. cap . de Reform . ) decretis in-flictas , incurrisse ; et eos excommunicamus et anathematizamus de novo . Nonob-stantibus constitutionibus et ordinationibus apostolicis , necnon quibusvis , etiam juramento , confirmatione apostolica , vel quâvis aliâ , firmitate , roboratis statutis , et consue-tudinibus ac usibus , ac stylis etiam imme-morabilibus , '' etc . etc.—Relation , & c. vol . 3 , p. 76 . 829 oath , proposed by the former , and insisted upon , as strictly conformable to the original declaration and protestation , which had been subscribed by a very great number both of the clergy and laity of that day , and by the said three vicars