that that hon . gentleman seriously expected the House to adopt it , but merely intended to have his opinions recorded and circulated on the several subjects to which he had alluded . It was not to be supposed that the House could now dispose of those questions which related to such a variety of matter , on which they had not yet received the necessary information . He was at a loss to know on what principle the hon . gentleman thought this the proper time to apply for peace . He had spoken , it was true , of Buonaparté as having been defeated in his object with respect to Russia , and he had stated , that the time most proper for endeavouring to obtain peace , was , when affairs were in a prosperous condition , while at the same time the tendency of his speech was to prove that the condition of lord Wellington was not prosperous . The hon . gentleman had , nevertheless , confirmed the Speech from the throne in its most material parts , for , notwithstanding his opinion as to details , he admitted that the enterprize of the enemy against Russia had been hastily conceived and badly executed . Were these the grounds on which we were to sue for peace ? Did he suppose that this House would go to the foot of the throne , and recommend negociations for peace without knowing more of the real state of the belligerents ? One of the arguments used by the hon . gentleman appeared to him very novel indeed , namely , that we were to propose peace to the enemy in order to give Spain time to choose a government for herself . To him it appeared , however , that the Spaniards must first repel the aggressor , and drive the enemy out of the country , and having done this , they might then choose their own government . The hon . gentleman had complained of omissions in the Speech , and particularly with respect to the war with America . The information given by his noble friend on this subject was quite satisfactory , and stated that a proposition for peace had been made to America , to which no answer bad yet been received . It would certainly be improper , and had never yet been 104 looked for , on the first day of the meeting of parliament , to state all the negociations that had been carried on . His noble friend had expressed the pacific disposition of this country , by declaring that it had borne more from America than it would have borne from any other country . He thought this feeling , which he had no doubt was general , would have prevented any farther discussion on this subject . At any rate , this certainly was not the time to lay before the House any negociations that might have taken place , and it would be time enough afterwards to enter into discussions of this sort , when the documents should come in a regular way before them . The hon . gentleman , by the public prints , had given them before now an opportunity of knowing his sentiments on these subjects ; and the present Amendment he had proposed was merely a repetition of them . He appeared anxious that this parliament should do something , because he thought it would be of short duration , owing to the circumstance of the King 's health , and had hinted at some imaginary measure which he fancied to be or have been in contemplation unconstitutionally to lengthen the limits and enlarge the powers of parliament , but ministers had given no ground for such a supposition . This was a conjuration of the hon . gentleman 's own , and having formerly made it the ground of a long advertisement , he had now made it the subject of his amended Address . Thus the hon . gentleman was either premature or unfounded in bringing forward his several points . He would have time afterwards to propose