, hear ! ] —It is impossible not to lament the loss to such a nation , of such an opportunity , which no combination of circumstances can ever restore . I do not say , that America should have been induced to assist us against France . I would not have asked her to risk her tender and unconfirmed existence in a war , and to endure all the dangers or to incur all the expences that must have ensued from her taking part in such an enterprize . She might have maintained a just and noble neutrality . But were it put to me indeed as matter of opinion , —supposing ( what I do not suppose ) that she could not avoid deciding one way or other , and that the risk of war on one side must be run , —which would best become her history , her character , and her constitution , to unite with England or to league with France ; —I should not have hesitated in my determination . There was a time when I hoped that her choice , under such an alternative , would have required little deliberation ; but though I should have applauded her option in such a case , I would not have forced nor even have solicited it . She was welcome to be neuter , could she but have persuaded herself to be impartial . There is still something imposing in the name of a republic . The veneration for 642 that form of government is , even in this monarchical country , interwoven with our earliest impressions of honour , of liberty , and of virtue . But , I fear , that in the republic of America we look for the realization of our visions of republican virtue in vain . The sacred love of freedom , displayed in the annals of Greece and Rome , `` made ambition virtue , '' and consecrated even the weapons of the conqueror . The modern republics of Europe polished mankind by their industry , and their arts . But I am afraid that neither the hardy valour , the ardent patriotism , and the lofty magnanimity of ancient Greece and Rome , nor the gentle manners and artificial refinements of Genoa or Florence , are to be traced in the hard features of transatlantic democracy . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) Would it were otherwise . The heartless and selfish policy pursued by America will lead her far astray from her real interest . The first consequence of it will be , the loss of much internal prosperity , and I am much deceived if she will compensate this loss by the acquisition of much military glory . The hon . gentleman ( Mr. Foster ) describes 1,000 soldiers , four or five frigates , to guard an extent of coast of 1,500 miles , and a revenue of only two millions and a half of dollars , I think , or thereabouts , as the means , physical and pecuniary , of which the United States were in possession , when they declared war against this country . Undoubtedly no man could hear the statement without exclaiming , `` And could a nation so circumstanced venture upon a war with the mighty empire of Great Britain , with the most distant prospect of success ? '' Unluckily it did . The unwelcome truth can not be concealed . Two out of these four or five frigates have captured two frigates from the British navy . I advert with unwillingness to this part of the subject , because , in my opinion ( an opinion before expressed and still retained ) vigorous measures becoming this great nation might have averted disasters which may have the effect of prolonging hostilities . It is no answer to say , that our navy is immense , but that it is proportionably extended on the different stations . I complain not of the naval department , but of the policy which controuled its operations . I complain that the arm which should have launched the thunderbolt