contrary to what is expressed in this declaration : and I do declare , that I do not believe that the Pope of Rome , or any other foreign prince , prelate , state , or potentate , hath , or ought to have , any temporal or civil jurisdiction , power , superiority , or pre-eminence , directly or indirectly , within this realm : and I do solemnly , in the presence of God , profess , testify , and declare , that I do make this declaration , and every part thereof , in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oath , without any evasion , equivocation , or mental reservation whatever , and without any dispensation already granted by the Pope , or any authority of the see of Rome , or any person whatever , and without thinking that I am , or can be acquitted before God or man , or absolved of this declaration , or any part thereof , although the Pope , or any other person or authority whatsoever , shall dispense with , or annul the same , or declare that it was null or void.—So help me God . '' Now I ask what further answer you require to the charges urged against the Catholics ? There is a further—an indictment or information—a criminal proceeding is the only answer . The petitioners against the Catholics may say what they choose as to their good intentions , but with respect to the pamphlets , which charge them with murder and treason as their creed , they must charge them wish perjury also . If such a pamphlet were written against my lord Fingal or Sir Thomas Bellew , the printer would say in vain that he did not mean such an imputation . Suppose lord Fingal should indict the author , 760 would he be suffered to produce the canons in his defence ? Would my lord Ellenborough or any other judge , suffer him to extenuate the offence , by citing the decrees of the council of Constance , or the council of Trent ? —No ! But the author might urge in his defence , that he had no particular meaning injurious to lord Fingal or Sir Thomas Bellew , but only to four millions of his Majesty 's Catholic subjects . But there is another refutation of such a charge against the Catholics—the impossibility of its truth : it amounts to such a pitch of moral turpitude , as would burst asunder the bonds of civil and society intercourse ; it would be a dissolution of the elements of society , and of the elastic principle which binds man to man . It is not merely unfounded , but monstrous ; it is not in the nature of man , but in the nature of sects , which , when they contend for power , charge each other with what they know to be false . But there is yet another answer , which some of those learned divines , who have acted so conspicuous a part of late , would do well to make themselves more familiar with , before they persist in such monstrous charges against their Catholic brethren—the Christian religion . I speak of the account which they give of that religion when they pray—and then I will give their account of the same religion when they petition . In their prayer they say that their Redeemer was sent as an atonement for the whole human race , but in their petitions they say that Christians in general are monsters . They add , that the Deity has been deaf to all the nations of the earth except this ; and that here the knowledge of the true religion is confined to certain colleges and corporations—that this is done by certain barriers—and that those barriers are nothing more than the restrictions by which they keep all the power and all the profit to themselves . He is not the same God when they pray and when they petition , and therefore the charges in this Petition must be false .