was true that out of the whole number of Appeals , the enormous proportion of 4 5ths were from Scotland . From the first report it appeared that out of 253 Appeals , 200 were from that country . The Bill , in his opinion , was prematurely brought forward . Two acts had been passed which must contribute to lessen the number of Appeals from the Court of Session of Scotland . The operation of these acts could not be yet sufficiently known , and it was on this account that he considered the Bill premature . It was not known , nor could it be yet known , whether the evil proposed to be removed was temporary or permanent . He could not look upon the Bill as tending to less than a dissolution of the first judicial officer of the country . With respect to the Appeals in the Lords , 19 out of 20 were merely vexatious , and many of the Scotch Appeals were merely on account of delay . The attendance of a sufficient number of lords could , in his opinion , be secured by a compulsory order of their own . It was said that the increase of business in the Court of Chancery and the House of Lords , arose from the increase of wealth . For his part , he thought it depended more on the unsettled state of the law , and on the distresses of the nation . He conjured the House not to loosen the only tie which bound the Chancellor to the people . The number of motions did not , in his mind , furnish any reason for the delay in passing from one to another . It was well known that any sudden check to wealth , particularly to commercial wealth , occasioned an increase of litigation . It was asserted , that no mischief could arise from thus withdrawing a part of his duties from the Chancellor . It would at least lessen his intercourse with the public ; and that daily and hourly intercourse was , in his opinion , one of the most effectual means for preserving him in the discharge of those duties . thought there was no measure more likely to produce the desired effect than that now before the House . It was said truly from the opposite side , that the number of Appeals 483 amounted nearly to a denial of justice . The hon . gentleman who spoke last , thought that a permanent remedy was not necessary , because there was a probability that the Scotch Appeals would be considerably lessened ; but he did not consider the great number that was already depending from that country , and that those from Ireland were to be added , which amounted at present to 52 . He saw no likelihood that Appeals would decrease , because litigation always augmented with the augmentation of property . It was said , that this Bill would alter the character of the Chancellor ; and that he would become , in consequence of it , nothing more than a state officer . But the House should not forget the weight of legal duties that would still remain upon him—that he would sit for the discharge of business three days in every week during the session of parliament , and every day when parliament was not sitting . With respect to the separation of the business of bankrupts from the Lord Chancellor , it was liable to most grave and insurmountable objections . If his bankruptcy jurisdiction were to be withdrawn , no greater innovation could be introduced ; bankruptcy proceeded from the great seal , and to change it would be to introduce a change in the original jurisdiction . Another reason against such an innovation was , that in cases of bankruptcy there ought to be no appeal , from the necessity there existed of distributing as speedily as possible the property of the bankrupt . They could not , therefore , entrust this most important function to an inferior officer , or place the decision of so great