good sense of both countries , and not take any step that should deprive the cause of the benefit of that good sense . It might be asked , why the Catholics did not protest against the violence of some of their own body ? The answer was , that parliament had not given them encouragement . But when the arm of parliament should be once stretched out to the Catholics , there would be many wise and moderate enough to embrace it . By thus evincing a conciliatory disposition to the Catholics , parliament would at all events shew that the fault did not remain with them , if the measure should be unsuccessful . Let them send out the dove , however , and they might depend on his bringing back the olive branch . The right hon . gentleman concluded , by moving `` That with a view to such an adjustment as may be conducive to the peace and strength of the United Kingdom , to the security of the Established Church , and to the ultimate concord of all classes of his Majesty 's subjects , it is highly advisable to provide for the removal of the civil and military disqualifications under which his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects now labour , with such exceptions and under such regulations as may be found necessary for preserving , unalterably , the Protestant succession to the crown , according to the Act for the further limitation of the crown and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject , and for maintaining invio- 1204 late the Protestant episcopal church of England and Ireland , and the doctrine , discipline , and government thereof , and the church of Scotland , and the doctrine , worship , discipline , and government thereof , as the same are respectively by law established . '' The Right Hon . Charles Abbot : Mr. Wrottesley ; The right hon . gentleman who spoke last ( Mr. Grattan ) having truly stated that bur present discussion may be considered as the continuation of the former debate upon the question , and the Resolution in your hand as the basis of the whole measure proposed for our adoption , I am desirous of taking the earliest opportunity in my power , to enter my warning protest against the course hitherto pursued , as well as against the measure now proposed ; and at the same time to state such other course as in my opinion might advantageously be taken for enlarging the privileges of his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects , without endangering the general fabric of the constitution . And , Sir , in the first place , looking back to the mode by which we have arrived at the Committee , I can not think that its result will be successful . The object for which the House was persuaded to enter into this committee , was to discuss the details of three different plans , the first of which is already abandoned , the second will satisfy no party , and the third is admitted to be impracticable . The first plan was for unlimited and unconditional concession , as urged by the Irish Roman Catholics in their Petitions ; but this claim of right for absolute and unconditional emancipation ( as it is termed ) has found but few advocates in this House ; it has been abandoned by the right honourable mover of this great question , and disclaimed also by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Plunkett ) who supported the motion with such distinguished eloquence and ability upon the first day of these debates . It has now no longer any persisting advocate . The second plan was for qualified concessions , with some legislative control over the Roman Catholic clergy ; this is apparently the plan of the right hon . mover , so far as hitherto explained ; and it is undoubtedly the plan of the right honourable gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , who obtained from the last parliament the pledge for entering upon its consideration . 1205 But this plan