our military means from Spain to increase our force in Canada . At present , such a measure appeared unnecessary . As to Ireland , he should merely remark , that as the Prince Regent could only notice what had been done in parliament , mention of that subject would have been unnecessary , and on the subject of peace in general , all must know , that a proposition to that effect made to the enemy , if not attended with good , must lead to incalculable mischief . , who had seconded the Amendment , now shortly stated his reasons for supporting it . He thought that the gallantry displayed by our troops in Spain was highly creditable ; but he deeply regretted that no negociations for peace had been entered into . He was the last man that would think of a dishonourable peace : yet while we went on with warlike preparations , and opposed an undaunted front to the dangers which surrounded us , a desire of peace should animate and direct all our actions , and always be the leading principle of our conduct . The effects of the battle of Salamanca were to put lord Wellington in possession of Madrid . But the Spanish Cortes , then , instead of deliberating on measures for the welfare of the nation , were employed in re-establishing that detestable court , the Inquisition . The advantages of continental alliances had often been questioned ; but it remained for our days to see this country make itself the principal in a continental war : and to find the war continued for the purpose of supporting our revenues by the increase of our maritime commerce . To him measures were every thing , men nothing ; although there were certainly persons beside him for whose abilities he entertained the very highest respect . The present war , which had driven the middle ranks of society from the parlour to the garret , was now about to attack the rich ; but he thought a favourable opportunity for peace presented itself , of which he trusted due advantage would be taken . , thinking he had been alluded to by a right hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Canning ) , when he spoke of an intended Amendment , assured that right hon . gentleman and the House , that he 107 had no knowledge whatever of such Amendment , until he heard of it in his place this evening ; and that it had never been his intention to offer any proposition of that kind . The Address proposed by the noble lord , was , as usual , a mere echo of the Speech ; but the Amendment proposed by his hon . friend was of a nature widely different , it embraced a variety of topics , unconnected with the Speech or Address , and among other things , requested the Prince Regent to make propositions of peace to the enemy . This was by far the most important part of the Amendment . But before he came to it , he wished to make a few observations on the other subjects to which the hon . gentlemen who had preceded him in the debate had adverted . As to America the noble lord opposite to him had said , `` that he was sure the gentlemen of the other side could not blame ministers for not having at once exerted the whole power of England against America , as , during the whole of the last session , they had not ceased to recommend conciliatory measures towards that country . '' If the noble lord meant to include him in those insinuations , he did not accurately recollect what he ( Mr. P. ) had then stated . When the noble lord came down to the House with his numerous evasions and tergiversations about the Orders of Council , wishing to retain them one day , to modify them another , to suspend them the next , and , lastly , consenting to revoke them , he had then clearly stated , that