compatible with the liberality and justice of their lordships to charge them with stating a falsehood . perfectly agreed in the propriety of the noble duke 's observations . When an allegation so material as that to which they referred , was set forth in a Petition to that House , it surely was incumbent on their lordships to ascertain whether it was true or false . Had the noble duke proposed the rejection of the Petition , there might have been some cause for alarm on the part of the noble viscount , but no such rejection was intimated . It was , however , of great importance , while such pains had been taken in every quarter of the country to excite alarms respecting the situation and claims of the Catholics , that their claims and situation should be fairly represented , and no material fact set down that could not be proved . could not help considering the language and terms of the noble duke 's observations , as tending strongly to deter petitioners from exercising their fair and admitted right of submitting their opinions to that House on any great national question . The noble duke appeared not to have heard distinctly , or accurately attended to the words as read in the Petition , where a guarded distinction seemed to be made between personal rights and civil privileges , on one hand , and political privileges , on the other . The distinction indeed , was so clearly marked in the language of the Petition itself , that he could not conceive how it should be misunderstood , much less how the petitioners should thereby have incurred the charge 561 of stating falsehood . It had frequently , however , fallen to his lot , to hear language upon the present subject , within the walls of parliament , which he should very unlingly have listened to elsewhere . He had as little of narrow prejudice as any man , but he scrupled not to state , in conformity with the petitioners , that he conceived the concession of the Catholic claims incompatible with the safety of the constitutional establishments . wished to ask the noble and learned lord , what was the distinction he would lay down between civil and political rights ? replied , that the distinction was clearly stated in the language of the Petition . The civil rights were those which the Catholics already enjoyed ; the political were those to which they aspired , and the granting of which the petitioners deprecated . was by no means satisfied with the clearness of the noble and learned lord 's definitions . Between the terms 'civil ' and 'political ' heknew of no difference , except the complexion which each derived from the Latin and Greek languages , from which they were adopted . observed , that whatever variety of opinions might be entertained on the subject of the Petitions by the public , the meaning of the petitioners could by no means be mistaken . They saw a material difference between the privileges at present enjoyed and the new ones claimed by the Catholics , and to that difference they wished to direct the attention of the House . The temper and moderation which had been so conspicuously displayed throughout the country in the various discussions which in every part of it had taken place on the subject of the Catholics , was highly creditable to the public feeling , and he was confident that when that most serious and important question came before parliament , it would be met with suitable wisdom and moderation by their lordships . hoped , that in again drawing the attention of the House to a part of the general laws of the country , which he had already on a former occasion brought under their notice , he should not be considered guilty of any impropriety . The Bill which he at present meant to introduce was one which had twice passed that House ; but had been rejected in the House of Lords . No person had more respect for the quarter from