such a moment the supplies necessary , during four years , for the contest in which we are engaged . In the hope of procuring this benefit to the public , I am willing to risk , what many , to whom life is dearer than it is to me , have valued beyond their lives—I mean that reputation and public confidence which they have sought , and in some degree acquired by a long course of faithful though imperfect service to the public . I am aware that my reputation is staked upon this plan ; but God forbid that my reputation , or that of any man should be placed for a moment in competition with the great public interests which are concerned . I only wish the House to deliberate maturely , and to decide wisely . Such information as has appeared to me necessary to enable gentlemen to take a complete view of the plan , will be put into their hands , and if any further information should be desired I shall most readily lend my assistance to furnish it . I shall now read the Resolutions which I am about to propose , in order to put the Committee in possession of their contents , and then offer the first to the Chairman , that the discussion may be regularly opened , and when those gentlemen who may be disposed to deliver their sentiments have stated such observations as occur to them , I shall , after giving such explanations as the case may require , move that the Chairman shall report progress , with a view to the adjournment of further debate on the subject till Monday seven night . The right hon . gentleman then read the Resolutions , as follow : I . `` That the total capital of the Funded Debt of Great Britain , on the 5th January 1786 , was 238,231,248l . 5s . 2¾d . ; that provision was made for the gradual reduction thereof , by an Act passed in the same year ; and that further provision has been made by several Acts since passed , 1092 for the more effectual reduction of the said debt , and of the public debt since contracted . 2 . `` That by virtue of the said Acts , the sum of 238,350,143l . 18s . 1d . exceeding the said sum of 238,231,248l . 5s . 2¾d. , by 118,895l . I2s . 10¼d ; had , on or before the 1st March 1813 , been actually purchased by the Commissioners , for the reduction of the National Debt , or transferred to the said Commissioners , for the redemption of Land Tax , or for the purchase of Life Annuities . 3 . `` That it is expedient now to declare , that a sum of capital stock , equal to the total capital of the Public Debt existing on the said 5th January 1786 , hath been purchased or transferred as aforesaid ; and so soon as further sums of the public debt shall have been so purchased or transferred , making , in the whole , an amount of annual charge of the public debt so purchased or transferred , equal to the whole annual charge of the public debt existing on the said 5th day of January 1786 ; to declare further , that an amount of public debt , equal to the whole capital and charge of the public debt existing on the said 5th day of January 1786 , hath been satisfied and discharged ; and that , in like manner , an amount of public debt equal to the capital and charge of every loan contracted since the said 5th January 1786 shall , successively and in its proper order , be deemed and declared to be wholly satisfied and discharged , when and as soon as a further amount of capital stock , not less than the capital of such loan , and producing an interest equal to the dividends thereupon , shall be so redeemed or transferred 4 . `` That , after such declaration as aforesaid ,