be explained as only saying , that nothing done by the Roman Catholics should pointedly infringe the Protestant establishment ; but , as to any measure for preventing foreign interference with the Catholic church—as to any plan for removing whatever was most obnoxious in the See or the Court of Rome ( whichever gentlemen pleased to call it ) , by which alone danger to our constitution could be prevented , the right hon . mover had not said any thing specific , either on this or on the former night . All that was left for future arrangement . But it was not fit the committee should begin by abolishing the ancient guards of the church and state , without making restrictions co-existent with such abolition . It had been said ( but not very candidly , in his opinion , ) that parliament was reduced to this dilemma , that it must either declare its determination never to grant any concessions , under any circumstances , of this country , of Ireland , or of Europe ; or that it was bound specifically to avow on the present occasion what it was proposed to do . He really could not see that the question was necessarily resolved into one or other of those determinations . It was surprising , with the view the hon . baronet had taken of the question , that he would countenance this round-about mode or vote for the Resolution as it then stood . What he had stated of the interference of the see or court of Rome ; of the various tenour of their oaths ; and the motion of which he had given notice ; all tended to 1230 point out the necessity of a development of the plan which was in contemplation . The hon . baronet had uniformly maintained this principle , that certain regulations should be entered into for the security of the establishment . What , then , was the course he ought to pursue , on his own view of the subject ? Surely , he ought to have begun by pointing out those safeguards—and , after having provided that the interference of the see of Rome should be placed under the same restrictions as were provided in the other Protestant states of Europe , then provision might be made for a Bill to repeal the laws complained of by the Catholics . This was the course , which , in his opinion , ought to have been taken—and it was not a fair or candid way of putting the question , to say , if the present proposition were not agreed to , unexplained as it stood , that , therefore , the legislature were unwilling to do any thing . These were matters of less moment , which , no doubt , ought and would be conceded . He saw many difficulties in the way , but he had never said , that no time nor circumstances could occur , in which the proposed relief could not be given . He denied the inconsistency charged on those who had thought great concessions impracticable , when they stated that some things , such as what related to Irish soldiers , & c. might be granted . For instance , it was foolish to say , that the Catholic soldier , coming from Ireland to England , should be placed in a worse situation in the latter than he was in the former country . Such points as these might be conceded , without going into the whole Catholic claims . The demands of the Catholics , unaccompanied by any securities , appeared to him to be unreasonable ; and he had a Tight to assume , that such was also the feeling of their advocates , since not one of them supported their claims to the extent which they themselves seemed to desire . Probably he should not have interposed on the present occasion , if the Resolution , instead of being general , had been specific . But , when it took its present shape , when the right hon . mover stated that