the Land Forces , which comprehended the whole regular army , with the exception of foreign corps in British pay , the regiments employed in the territorial possessions of the East India Company , and the embodied militia . In this part there had been an accession of 9,600 men , and an additional expence of 299,000l . In noticing a few of the subdivisions under this head , he had to slate that an augmentation had taken place in the household troops to the number of 070 men , at the expence of 13,000l . This consisted of two troops added to the life , and two to the horse guards , in consequence of the regiments being sent on foreign service to the peninsula . He had also to inform the committee that a similar increase of 419 men , and 9,000l . of ex-pence had taken place in the 21st and 23d regiments of light dragoons . In the infantry of the line there was an accession of 5,300 , and an expence of 109,000l . which arose partly from the addition of other battalions to several regiments , and partly from the formation of other veteran battalions and provincial corps . Of the latter the number was 2,000 more than embraced in last year 's estimates , and the expence 85,000l . The increase of veteran battalions was accounted for from the number of men whom the toils of the campaign had worn out , and who , though unfit for the hardships of the field , were fully competent to do garrison duty , and for this purpose they had been formed into a force of this description at Lisbon . A fifth garrison battalion had also been formed in the West Indies , of soldiers unfit any longer to endure the fatigues of active service , and he was sure the committee would accord with him in estimating this excellent mode of providing for the old servants of the country while they continued and enlarged the term of 1158 their usefulness . Another troop had also been added to the waggon train , by which that force was made to consist of 12 companies instead of 11 . They were thus disposed of—9 troops were in the peninsula , and 3 troops were at home , for the purpose of recruiting and preserving a depot to supply contingencies among those upon service.—There were this year also two additional fencible regiments raised in Canada and New Brunswick ; the former , called the Glengary fencibles , consisted of Scotsmen who had settled in that province , and the latter were called the New Brunswick . Their services were limited to North America , where they were found to be very efficient ; so much so indeed , had a former Glengary regiment been , that on volunteering their services generally , their offer was received , and they now constituted the 104th regiment of the line . The miscellaneous charges under this first head were explained in the Estimates , by memorandums placed opposite to them . The increase was apparently 151,000l but the sums which had been saved from noneffective claims for regimental establishments , would reduce it to 61,000l . This 61,000l . arose from the larger sums expended in this , than in the former year on the recruiting service , both in England and Ireland . Gentlemen knew that the Estimate , on this point , was always calculated upon the expence of the preceding year ; but the great increase of the number of recruits raised in the present year , had rendered the calculation founded on the year before insufficient to meet the expence incurred . On the whole , under this head , would be found an increase of men to the number of 9,600 , and of ex-pence to the amount of 299,000l . The second head referred to regiments in the East Indies , but as these were by law declared to be payable out of the revenues of the Company , it was only necessary to mention them , that the whole state of the