members , locally acquainted with the places and persons , to discuss and settle . Approving generally and admiring the tone of moderation and temper , in which the right hon . mover has always treated this subject , there are some expressions of a less conciliatory tendency , which I regret to have heard from him in the course of his speech ; particularly one , in which he objects to the propriety or expediency of calling upon one part of his Majesty 's subjects to petition against another ; and still more to any Irish subjects petitioning a foreign country [ Mr. Grattan interrupted , by saying that he had not used the word `` foreign , '' but '' another country '' ] against the liberties of their own . Whither , then , would he wish them to appeal , but to that which , since the Union , is neither a foreign , nor even another country ? The united parliament contains their true representatives , as well as ours , and the legislative and deliberate councils of both : is it fair to consider their common head and organ as fit to be addressed , in furtherance of the claims and pretensions of one class , but as being inaccessible to the apprehensions and fears of another ? The privations and sufferings of the Roman Catholics have also been treated by the right hon . gentleman in terms of exaggeration . When partisan sheriffs are spoken of , and partisan judges , is it in-tended to assert that the fountain of justice is polluted , or that the equal dispensation of the laws is withheld from those who profess that persuasion ? Is the jurisdiction exercised there , a jurisdiction of prejudices , and parties , or is the steady and uniform current of the law of the land diverted from its course , not according to the preponderance of proof , nor the reason of the case , but according to the religious tenets of the several suitors ? I trust , on the contrary , that all the inhabitants of that country are no less blessed , than those of this , with an impartial administration of the laws , and art unbiassed judicature . If such expressions , which magnify so unreasonably the hardships 783 and grievances of the Roman Catholics , can not be heard without some degree of pain , there are others , which I have listened to with still less satisfaction ; by which , unwarrantable reflexions were cast upon the practice of this country , with regard to toleration . I have always thought myself happy in having been born in a kingdom , wherein the principles of wise and liberal policy allowing every man to worship God , according to the dictates of his own heart , are as fully understood , and as extensively practised , as within any state , professing a form of religion , established by law . Our best writers upon the constitution , and our greatest philosophers , have flattered themselves , and us , that we are pre-eminent in the enjoyment of religious , no less than of civil liberty ; but it is reserved for the honourable mover to convict them of error , to dissipate this pleasing illusion , and to demonstrate that , in England , toleration is utterly incomplete , and imperfect , and that we must have recourse to foreign states , in communion with the see of Rome , for its true and genuine essence . The right hon . gentleman particularly instanced France and Hungary ; and , with regard to the latter , he read an edict , which undoubtedly carries , in the terms of it , the fullest and most ample allowance of all modes of worship , together with an indiscriminate admission to all places of honor and trust . Such conduct is highly creditable to the state which adopts it , but there may exist checks against its abuse , or excess , in a dependent province of the Austrian dominion , which are inapplicable to