that he will trace the opinions of those who advocate the claims of the Catholics , to artful misrepresentation , specious liberality , or infidel indifference.—Sir , I will never bring the last charge against any man without the most clear and weighty proof ; but I think I may , without subjecting myself to the imputation of illiberality , retort the two first accusations upon the learned prelate himself—he has declared himself the liberal friend of toleration , but his specious liberality goes no further than permitting just so much toleration as , being already granted , he can no longer withhold : and he pretty clearly insinuates that , even that toleration goes far beyond what he would have consented to ; —and to what , Sir , but to artful misrepresentation , can be ascribed his attempt to avail himself of the great name of the illustrious Mr. Fox , in support of his argument ? his 781 endeavour to represent that virtuous patriot , who spent the whole of his political life in the support of civil and religious liberty , as favourable to his own narrow and exclusive views ? This he has done , by applying Mr. Fox 's argument , against a Popish king , with a subservient administration , to the possible circumstance of half a dozen Catholic peers , and perhaps twice as many commoners , being admitted into a legislature , composed of a thousand persons . I hope I do not presume too much upon the patience of the House , but , obnoxious as I am to the charges of the reverend prelate , for no man can differ more widely than I do from his opinions , on this subject , it may not be impertinent for me to declare that I am , as I have always been , from birth , education , and conviction , a zealous member of the Protestant church of England ; but that I shall always claim for others , what I should , in every possible circumstance , claim for myself ; the undoubted right of every man to worship the Deity in the manner which his conscience dictates to him , without suffering , on that account , any incapacity or disability whatever . I shall , now , Sir , conclude with expressing my anxious hope that the House , by going into a committee , will fulfil the promise held out to the Catholics , by their predecessors , the last parliament ; and , by restoring harmony to the empire , will prepare it for meeting the severe and arduous contest , with the continuance and increasing difficulties of which , we still are threatened . .—Mr . Speaker , before I advert to the substance and material part of the speech of the right hon . mover , which forms by no means the largest portion of it , I am desirous of taking notice of some preliminary topics , with which he has introduced it . It is natural for the right hon . gentleman , connected as he is with Ireland , and strenuous as he has always been , in furthering the claims of the Roman Catholics , to observe , with dissatisfaction , and criticise with , perhaps , some little degree of severity , the sentiments of petitioners , so little in unison with his own . How such meetings have been convened , composed , or actuated , I possess neither the means , nor the inclination to inquire ; but there is one main fact , which these petitions establish , most important for the consideration of the House ; which is , that the wishes of the 782 Irish nation , upon this subject , are by no means unanimous ; that the representations and appearances of general favor and approbation , towards unconditional emancipation , are disproved ; that a sentiment , directly contrary , prevails amongst a large and respectable body of the Protestants of that country , is admitted by the mover ; the exact extent of which , I must leave to