take a different course from the one which they have been pursuing ; for even those who have mitres on their heads , with few exceptions , will recollect that they may have them improved by translation . If the favours of the count had taken the direction expected , this great wok would even now have been accomplished . Sir , if the hopes of the Catholics are now to be destroyed—if the Catholics should now be driven to despair , will they not look back to the promises that were held out to them ? Who offered them the cup ? Who tempted them to drink ? And if they are intoxicated , to whom do they owe their madness ? Sir , I hope that this House will take care that they shall neither be deceived nor disappointed ; but that it will nobly follow up the Resolution which was last year agreed to by so great a majority . I believe it will be allowed that no Royal Conscience now stands in the way of the claimants ; and if that fact is once known , I am convinced that the worthy alderman ( Curtis ) will not be burthened as he has been , with his enormous petitions . In a committee upon this great and good work , the labours of my much respected friend ( Mr. Grattan ) 962 may at length be consummated—the Catholic subject may be admitted to places of trust and power , under the crown , which must be worn by a Protestant prince , as the supreme head of our Protestant church establishment . The church of England will derive additional security and safety in the additional security and safety of the empire at large ; and will be allowed a respite from the pursuits , which have , for some time past , but too much occupied her—the people of Ireland will be satisfied—and the whole empire will he rendered united , and safe against all the attacks of all our enemies . believed there was not one gentleman in the House , except the hon . member , who could believe that such a paragraph as he had read was issued from his noble relation the Secretary of State 's office . There was no authority whatever for this assertion , as far as he knew ; from his knowledge of what passed at the office to which he belonged . asked if this Police Gazette was not published under the authority of that office of the Secretary of State for the Home Department ? It was not enough to say they had no cognizance of such a paragraph—they ought to have cognizance of it . said : —Sir ; I have never approached the consideration of this question , without feeling the utmost doubt , and difficulty , and diffidence of my own judgment . It has never appeared to me to be a question to be decided by magnificence of declamation , exuberance of wit , or vehemence of invective . Such modes of discussing it appear to me altogether unlikely to lead to any beneficial result . Considering it , however , in the most dispassionate manner , I voted , last year , for the motion of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , and it is now my intention to adhere to that vote . It then appeared to me that the question had arrived at such a point , that it was absolutely necessary that it should be considered , with a view to some determinate proposition . We have here , for more than ten years , been debating this question upon its abstract principles ; and it appears to me infinitely more wise to bring it to some specific point , as the only means of reconciling both parties , to the decision of parliament . I had thought , therefore , last year , that it was advisable to support the right hon . gentleman 's motion , and I did 963 so in the true sense and spirit of that motion ; for