frontiers of Portugal , have been advancing to the boundaries of Spain , and hovering from the brow of the Pyrenean mountains over insurgent provinces of the French empire ? But however questionable it may appear to some gentlemen , whether such an extension of our military efforts was indeed within our power , clear at least , I apprehend it will be admitted to be , that our power alone ought to have been the limit of our exertions ; —the principle at least will be admitted , that an economy in war which restricts and husbands our efforts , is the worst description of economy ; and that a great exertion , tending to 70 a sudden decision of the contest , at an opportunity peculiarly favourable , although it may be accompanied with twofold cost , —is best calculated to bring a contest to a speedy and honourable termination , and therefore most congenial to the interests as well as the character of the country . And however it may be doubted whether this doctrine could be practically applied to the contest in the peninsula , no man , I presume , will deny it to have been both within our power to apply , and peculiarly applicable to that third contest in which we are exclusively engaged—I mean the war with America . I will not detain the House with expressing what every man in the country feels in common with myself—an anxious wish that two nations , bound to each other by so many ties of consanguinity and interest , should remain in a state of amity . But , Sir , with America as with any other country , when once the die was cast , when once war was manifestly inevitable , it became us to be prompt in our measures , and , by vigorous proceedings , to bring the contest to a speedy and succesful termination . The Address moved by the noble lord states , that we learn from his Royal Highness , that the declaration of war by America was issued at a time when circumstances led his Royal Highness to hope , that the disputes between the two countries might be amicably arranged . If , Sir , the Address had stated that as our opinion , I could not have assented to such a statement . In receiving the opinion from his Royal Highness , we must presume his Royal Highness to speak from sources of intelligence not open to us . From any observation which I had the means of making at the time , I must say plainly that , when the declaration of war reached this country from America , ( I believe it reached us on the day on which the last parliament was prorogued ) I did not entertain the slightest expectation , nor was there on the face of the document , the slightest justification of any expectation , that what had been done in this country would remove the causes which had induced America to go to war with us . For in that declaration , the demand for the rescinding of the Orders in Council , which had hitherto been insisted on by America , and still more by those who argued in favour of America on this side of the water , was studiously postponed to many other grievances . If America had ever 71 intended to close with us on the Orders in Council , she had evidently reviewed that intention , and had come to a deliberate determination to go to war with us unless we should likewise make every other concession that she demanded . It was evident , then , that the revocation of the Orders in Council alone could not restore peace ; and therefore , Sir , until I obtain better information than that of which I am at present possessed , I must continue to think that , war having been declared by America , all that remained to this country was , to determine how the war could best be carried on . The best way to carry on any