the most favourable construction of all their proceedings . `` For myself , I have also to crave his Majesty 's gracious indulgence , and that no imperfections of mine in the discharge of my duties , may be laid to the account of his Majesty 's faithful Commons . '' replied : `` Mr. Speaker ; his royal highness the Prince Regent hath commanded us to assure you , that acting in the name , and on the behalf of his Majesty , he doth most willingly grant to the . House of Commons all the privileges which have ever been granted or allowed to the House of Commons by his Majesty or any of his royal predecessors . `` With respect to what regards yourself , Mr. Speaker , we are required to assure you that the most favourable construction will always be put upon your words and actions , if it can be necessary that such an assurance should be given to a person , so eminently distinguished for his knowledge of the rules and usages of parliament . '' The Commons then withdrew , and the Lords Commissioners retired to unrobe . After which the Clerk proceeded to swear in the Peers . having been confirmed in his office by the Lords Commissioners , addressed the House at his return from the House of Lords : `` I have to acquaint the House , that this House has been in the House of Peers , where the Lords authorised by his Majesty 's Commission have declared , That his royal highness the Prince Regent , acting in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , has been pleased to approve of the Choice which this House has made in electing me to be their Speaker . `` And I have thereupon in the name and on behalf of the Commons of the United Kingdom in parliament assembled , laid claim to all their antient and undoubted 11 rights and privileges : Freedom of Speech in debate , Freedom from arrest and molestation for themselves , their servants , and estates ; free access to the royal presence as occasion may require , and the most favourable construction of all their proceedings ; —all which have been granted and allowed in as ample a manner as ever they were granted and allowed by any of his Majesty 's royal predecessors . `` For the high honour conferred upon me by this House , and confirmed by his Majesty 's royal approbation , I have again to tender my best acknowledgments , and to repeat the assurances of my fixed purpose to serve this House with diligence , fidelity and impartiality . `` At present , I must call to their remembrance that the first proceeding is for each member to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy at the table , to make and subscribe the Declaration ; and also to take and subscribe the Oaths of Abjuration and Qualification , as by law required . '' A general cry of hear ! hear ! followed this speech , and the Speaker proceeded , as the first Commoner , to take the oaths . He afterwards placed himself in his Chair . The other members were then called up to the table in alphabetical order , according to the counties they represented , and took the oaths . Generally speaking only one or two appeared from each county , until the name of Cornwall was pronounced , when more than twenty members left the ministerial benches , and advanced to receive the oaths . This remarkable disproportion excited not a little mirth in the House . said , that in rising 16 to claim the attention of their lordships , it might be expected that he should apologise for the course he was about to pursue ; but , he thought , he could not do better than to pourtray the leading features of the Speech , just delivered from the throne , and then to make those observations which he might deem appropriate and just in support of the Address , with moving which