in his place , in this House , that the rebellion of 1798 was not a Catholic rebellion . The Catholics are not afraid of having their whole conduct inquired into . They have faithfully fulfilled what they bound themselves to do by the treaty of Limerick . In 1715 and 1745 they fully proved that they had renounced those principles , which formerly had Jed them to support the family of the Stuarts . There is the evidence of primate Stone , to shew that , in the papers , which fell into the hands of government , relating to the rebellion of 1745 , there was no trace to be found of a single Irish Catholic being , in anywise concerned in it.—In the American war , when all the King 's troops were withdrawn from Ireland , and a French invasion was threatened , the Catholics again stood by the cause of their country and the House of Brunswick . What a contrast does their conduct form , since the treaty of Limerick , to that of king William and his successors ! ! ! On their part the steadiest compliance with their engagements ; on the other side a succession of violations of the royal faith , till that most horrible code of laws was completed , which deprived the Catholics of every personal and political security . These violations it has been attempted to justify , by saying that parliament would not ra- 1004 tify the treaty of Limerick . But the principles of the constitution of this country will admit of no such justification . The king has the undoubted prerogative of making peace , and binding his subjects to the terms of it , provided they do not violate any existing law . For which reason , every king , who has sat on the throne , from the reign of king William to the present day , has been , and ought so to consider himself , bound to make good , to the Catholics , all that was stipulated by him . Upon the whole it seems to be a just conclusion to draw , from a fair examination of the allegations of the petitions , and what has passed in this debate , that there is nothing , in the religious principles of the Catholics , incompatible with civil liberty ; nothing , in the concession of their claims , inconsistent with the security of the constitution , but every thing , that can be desired , on their part , demonstrative of their loyalty to their country and their king , and therefore that the House is called on , by every principle of justice , to adopt the motion which is now before it . would not have offered his sentiments , had there not been a call on those members who voted last year for the committee , and who did not intend to do so this year . He had voted for Mr. Canning 's motion in the hope and expectation that the spirit of conciliation and concession shewn by the House would have been met by a corresponding spirit on the part of the Catholics of Ireland , which would have led to the conciliatory adjustment which was the object of the motion , but in this expectation he , in common with many others , was disappointed , for the account of the debate was received in Ireland as an insult instead of an act of grace , and was treated as such . But what ( he asked ) is a committee of the whole House to do under such circumstances , and avowedly without any plan before it ? It seemed to have escaped the recollection of gentlemen who supported this panacea for all evils , that a committee would be composed of the very same individuals who had been for the last three days discussing the question without being able to produce a plan . It is true that in a committee members might speak more than once , but where they had nothing to propose he doubted this advantage ,