him to enter upon that subject at present . When the proper time should arrive , he believed the House would be fully prepared to take that important question into their serious consideration.—Allusion had been made in the Speech from the throne , to the late unfortunate disturbances that prevailed in some parts of the country . He was happy to see that these disturbances were now put to rest by the salutary measures to which the government had found it necessary to resort.—Such were the principal topics of the Address which he meant to propose to the consideration of the House before sitting down . He could not , however , but once more congratulate them upon the favourable change that had taken place in the affairs of Europe . How different was the prospect now to what it was at the meeting of the last parliament ! He might say that Great Britain was at that period alone and unaided in the contest . The influence and the arms of France were felt almost without resistance in every part of Europe . There was hardly any part of Spain in which its power was not then felt . The great resources of the enemy were then unbroken . He had a mighty and victorious army on foot , commanded by men of the first character for military talent , Portugal was then robbed of the greater part of her territory ; and Russia and Sweden were neutralized by intimidation and the threats of Buonaparté . But how greatly were things altered for the better . Russia was now up in arms against her oppressor , and Sweden was not unfriendly to her cause . She had driven from her territories a numerous and powerful host that threatened her with ruin ; and Buonaparté , so far from realizing the high and boasting promises with which he had entered that country , was now endeavouring , after defeat and disgrace , to 55 save himself by flight and secure a retreat to Poland . In Spain also , lord Wellington had beat one of the most numerous and best equipped armies the French had ever brought into the field , and obliged them to draw together all their disposable forces and evacuate the southern provinces for the purpose of opposing his victorious progress . What was there , he would ask , they might not hope from such a state of things ? When the spell was broken and Europe was at length convinced that Buonaparté and his armies were not invincible , was there not reason to expect that the nations oppressed by his power would rise to assert their rights , and recover that honour they had suffered him to tarnish ? Was there not reason to expect that the descendants of the great Frederick would again come forward to oppose , as he had often done , the devouring power of France ; that they would again come forward like the brave people of Russia , and exclaim , `` We also are men , and will not submit any longer to the encroachments of our oppressor . '' Was there not reason to hope that the words of a great departed statesman would be realized , and that they should live to see that `` Britain had saved herself by her firmness , and that Europe would also save herself by following the same course . '' He would not trespass any longer upon the time of the House , but should conclude with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to thank his Royal Highness for his most gracious Speech : `` To assure his Royal Highness , that we most sensibly share in the deep concern which his Royal Highness has expressed at the continuance of his Majesty 's lamented indisposition , and at the diminution of the hopes which his Royal Highness bad so anxiously entertained of his recovery : `` To express our cordial participation in the satisfaction derived by his Royal Highness from the improvement of our prospects during the