was entitled to the utmost respect . Lord Hardwicke did not go over a friend to the measure ; but after some years ' residence as lord lieute- 1202 nant , he altered his opinion , and now supported it by his vote . His right hon . friend the late secretary for Ireland ( Mr. W. Pole ) , had at first opposed the Catholic claims on account of the obstacles that existed in certain quarters to the granting of these claims ; but when , by the removal of the restrictions on the Prince Regent , such obstacles were done away , and after his right hon . friend had derived from a five years ' official residence in Ireland , a high degree of experience on this subject , he had voted in favour of the Catholics , and had stated , that in his opinion the country could not do well without some measure of the kind . He had , for this , been charged , and in his opinion unfairly , with inconsistency . His right hon . friend 's mind was not stationary like the minds of those who made this silly charge . He shewed that it was progressive ; and he was right , for time and circumstances had operated very powerfully in favour of the Catholic question particularly . There was a time when Roman Catholic emancipation would not have been heard of without horror ; but the intenseness of the prejudice , as had been stated by an hon . gentleman on a former night , and it was a word of choice selection , the 'intenseness ' of the prejudice had been weakened . Those professing the two religions had advanced much nearer to each other in spirit ; so that though they still differed on points of faith , they were much more likely than formerly to coalesce in other respects . He intended then to propose Resolutions , —first , that the Catholic disabilities should be removed ; second , that the establishments in church and state ought to be effectually secured ; and he should then propose regulations for the ecclesiastical courts , and other matters , and an oath against foreign influence . It might be demanded of him to state the regulations ; but he would not , and for this reason , that under pretence of opposing these regulations , some gentlemen would oppose the principle . He would only say , that if any gentlemen on the other side proposed any regulation of security not trenching on the Catholic religion , he would support it , for he valued the principle so much , that he would not be that fool to lose it by precipitation and punctilio . His object was to lay the seminal principle of making the inhabitants of the empire an united people . The language we ought to hold was , we are friends to your liberty , and to our own re- 1203 ligion . Suppose he was to introduce a clause into the preamble of his Bill , saying , it was necessary that the Protestant succession should be secured , in order to obtain the concurrence of some of those who opposed his measure—Would they not then admit that to be provisional now , and not fundamental , which they formerly , in their comments on the Bill of Rights , contended to be fundamental , and not provisionary ? For his own part , he must say , that he valued the principle too much to surrender or lose it for reasons of regulation . If once admitted , it would make the empire one—for it was a principle of union and regeneration . If the Resolutions were agreed to , he should then move for leave to bring in a Bill ; but he was not desirous of precipitating the measure . He thought that time ought to be given for the spirits to cool , —that they should not legislate without consulting the feelings of the people ; and that in the mean time , they should repose upon the