admiral 's flag ship , had been sent to sea , that officer was himself detained by urgent business relative to negociations with the American government . His own knowledge was so limited that he was not competent to judge whether the arrangements which had been made by sir John Warren were or were not judicious ; but from the high character of that officer , he was inclined to think that they were most judicious . It was certain that the officer had a sufficient force at his disposal ; and he trusted that the details of the service would shew that the force had been properly disposed . When sir John Warren , he repeated , went to the American station , having arrangements to make concerning the province of Canada and other objects , he remained for some time , it was true , in harbour at Halifax . But did his ships remain there ? No ; not even his flag ship , as he hoisted his flag in some small ship in the harbour . He had no mitigatory orders , and whether or no the disposition he made of his force was , as he ( Mr. C. ) supposed it was , good , the government could incur neither merit nor blame on account of it . An hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Baring ) had said that Chesapeake , Delaware , Boston , and New York , should have been blockaded . This , with regard to the two first of these harbours , was certainly practicable . But in the case of the two last it was not possible , in the opinion not only of British officers , but also of Commodore Rodgers , Captains Hull , Bainbridge , and other American seamen . Commodore Rodgers shewed this , as he had constantly endeavoured , with great risk , to get out of the Chesapeake , and to get into either of the two other ports . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the moment the news arrived of the loss of the Macedonian , the Chesapeake was shut up by a paper blockade . The right hon . gentleman had forgot that the same wind which brought intelligence of the loss of the Macedonian , also conveyed this news , that the Chesapeake was blockaded ; and the very same post which brought that news , also mentioned an unpleasant report of the loss of the Poictiers , which ship had been two months blockading that harbour . The reason why this blockade had not been notified was in order to avoid the charge of a paper blockade . The whole question had latterly turned upon the right of impressment ; and on this subject the hon . gentleman opposite had taken up the opinion 647 of Mr. Monroe , and quoted his expression , which was , that `` we naturalized foreign seamen into our service analogously to the manner in which the Americans naturalized our seamen into theirs . '' It was needless for him to say any thing in refutation of that opinion , or of the argument founded by the hon . gentleman upon the statute of Anne , that two years service of foreign seamen in our ships gave them similar privileges , as the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) had completely proved that there was no analogy between the cases of the two countries . All that he should add to the matter so eloquently expounded by the right hon . gentleman would be as to the practice of the Admiralty . In his own professional duty , he had every day occasion to discharge foreigners who had been two years in the British navy ; and although they were discharged as foreigners , yet at that very moment , if they applied to the Admiralty , to assist them in recovering payment of any debts , their names were given in to the attorney as British subjects . Mr. Monroe had said , that there was no regulation in Great Britain for preventing the impressing