, trained in the school of danger and experience , confident of success , for they had been accustomed to conquest , with their laurels fresh and yet blooming round them . Such were the armies , such were the captains whose laurels withered before the brightness of his fame . Fortunately for the world , those laurels had been transplanted to another region where they would flourish , he hoped , for ever , not for the destruction of mankind , but for the protection of their liberties and their religion , and their rights . Never did the country produce a man who had received so large a measure of parliamentary and national approbation . No man had been ever so greatly and so justly distinguished . In the peninsula , taking all together , his catalogue of successes unchequered by any thing to diminish their glory , was the greatest that any individual ever before had to boast of . Those successes were in the recollection of the House . Every person who heard him must recollect the battle of Busaço , in which a victory was gained over nearly double numbers ; the battle of Fuente de Honore , and other battles which , if not fought immediately under his eye , were fought at least under his direction ; also the battle of Albuera ; but , above all , the attack upon the bridge of Almarez , conducted by general Hill , under the direction of lord Wellington . Soult confessed , that from the moment of that successful attack , the measures he had planned with Marmorn were completely deranged . The army of Spain was forced to act in two divisions , and its generals were prevented from their intended cooperation . It was indeed true , that his splendid course of military successes was not unchequered by retreat . Retreat , however , was not defeat : and in the retreat to which circumstances obliged him , he still gave evidence that the resources of a great mind did not forsake him . In short , within the space of four years , he had beaten the proudest marshals of France . He had beaten Marmont , he had beaten Soult , who was himself considered as a host ; he had beaten Massena and Key , and Jourdan . In no one instance did he lead a British army into the field , in which they were not crowned with glory and success . He presented the new and grand spectacle of four years successes , without any of the disasters that are naturally attendant upon military 204 operations . It was not necessary to press these things upon the attention of the House , they were in the recollection of every person . The questions now for them to consider were ; first , What was the policy ; and , 2dly , What were the means of rewarding such services ? With respect to the policy of rewarding military services , although there were many questions of policy , in the consideration of which he would not refer for examples to the councils of the enemy , there could not however be a better policy than theirs , in so far as it regarded rewards for military service . Let them look to France ; could they find in that country one general of any merit , who was not loaded with all the rewards and the honours that it was in the power of their ruler to confer ? Different , indeed , far different were they from the rewards and the honours of the gallant marquis ; different in the grace that belonged to them ; different in the services that gained them , and in the principle on which they were bestowed . They , it was true , were highly rewarded , but their rewards were such as the brave Wellington would disdain to accept . A right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) had truly stated upon a former occasion , that though placed at the head of the Portuguese army ,