before an attempt was made to pass any law upon the subject . Having thus observed at considerable length upon all the topics embraced in the Speech , he would now proceed very briefly to mention an omission of great importance to the country , and which he regretted exceedingly ; he meant , the Catholic Question . Before he concluded , he felt particularly called upon to advert to this omission , which he could not help noticing with surprize and sorrow . He was certainly surprised and sorry to perceive , that after all that had passed upon this subject—after all that had occurred 36 in discussion , and been excited in hope , no disposition whatever was expressed to conciliate the Catholics , or to adjust their claims . It was in the recollection of their lordships what had taken place at the close of the last session , both in that and the other House of Parliament . That in the latter , indeed , a distinct pledge had been entered into , fully to consider the Catholic Question , with a view to an ultimate and satisfactory arrangement . Was it now resolved to relinquish this pledge , to set aside all that had been done ? There were too many grounds of suspicion upon this subject . Recollecting the expression of the noble earl opposite , and now at the head of his Majesty 's government , ( Liverpool ) , at the close of the last session , that he would oppose no barrier to the fair discussion of the Catholic claims , he could not doubt his candour , but yet he had heard of several proceedings , both in this country and in Ireland , where , to use an old phrase of lord Camden , the hand and fingers of government were `` very visible . '' Indeed , so anxious was government considered in its hostility to the cause of the Catholics , that one cause of the dissolution of parliament was said to be in order to get rid of the pledge of the other House upon the subject ; and if the rumours afloat were founded , that statement would appear not improbable . For according to this rumour it was the intention of ministers , after the Houses had sat for a few days , to adjust some matters immediately necessary to their own objects , to propose an adjournment for two months . If so , the practical effect of such an adjournment would be to evade the pledge for taking the Catholic Question into early consideration , which , combined with the omission in the Speech , was a bad omen for the Catholics . He did not mean at present to discuss the proposed conduct of ministers , or to cast any blame upon them , but merely to ask , and he should be glad to know precisely their intention , what was the state of the question , namely , whether all that had passed was to be regarded as gone et nil , and that the question was to be returned to again as a res integer ? —There were some words , he observed , at the conclusion of the Speech not , he presumed as a matter of course , in praise of the constitution . Indeed there was a report that ministers bad it in contemplation to propose an extension of the duration of parliament upon the demise of the crown ; but this praise 37 of the constitution , combined with the opinion he entertained of the principles of his noble friend at the head of the administration , destroyed all belief in the rumour . He could not suppose it possible that his noble friend would for one moment entertain an opinion so fraught with alarm , and so incapable of excuse upon any pretence of utility or convenience . No , he was sure his noble friend had too much reverence for the ancient monarchical parliamentary constitution of the country , to meditate such an innovation as might lead to the most perilous consequences—to