not to weaken the establishment in any way , you must preclude him from preaching and teaching . Each sect of Christians may fairly be allowed to exercise their polemical weapons while they keep within the pale of good citizenship , but I contend that an oath should be so simple and explicit as not to be open to these subtle distinctions , —nor could I overlook these distinctions even if I had hot been called upon , as they have been 1225 urged by the Catholics themselves , and printed in a note subjoined to the oath . [ Here sir J. H. read the note . ] The government of the Dutch United Provinces were wise in adopting securities of a different description . They received a disavowal of obnoxious principles under the `` priestly word '' of an ecclesiastic , and confided rather to practical collateral securities than to the mere test of an oath . I am very far from undervalueing the sanctity of an oath , but security must be sought against those whom oaths will not bind—such were the securities which the states of Holland had wisely interposed , and such were the securities which every state in Europe have in their wisdom and policy at some time or another enacted . I am extremely unwilling to detain the House to this length , but I can not avoid adverting to that sort of investigation , which I conceive should be adopted in a committee , for though I have often urged the course that I think ought to be pursued , yet I am now speaking within the hearing of many to whom the subject is comparatively new . As an elucidation of the propriety of calling for evidence , I think it right to state , that the prelates of the Roman Catholic religion within this realm had , till a recent period , been invariably named by the representative of the House of Stuart . An original register of their nominations might be laid before the House , upon an address to the Prince Regent . [ Sir John Hippisley then went into details of the nature of the evidence , which he would wish to record in a select committee , conformably to the practice of other governments , in reference to the appointment of bishops of the Roman Catholic communion—He spoke in terms of much praise of bishop Poynter , the apostolic vicar of the London district , but contended that it was not the description of prelacy that he could wish to retain in this country , as it was little suited to the spirit of our government , an apostolic vicar being in fact but a mere delegate of the see of Rome , and revocable at her pleasure ] . Thus far have I adverted ( continued sir J. H. ) to various heads of investigation for a select committee , and now let us look also to the proposed course of my right hon . friend . After we have voted in favor of his proposition , he brings in his Bill , what may not the House then say , and what may not an hon . member near me , ( the member for Bedford ) , 1226 then say ? —will be not then , exclaim as he did a few nights since upon another grave subject : `` Will the people of England be contented with mere statements , will they not call for documents ? '' [ The hon . baronet then recurred to the charge of the bishop of Lincoln , ( respecting the discipline of the council of Trent ) , the bishop having fallen into the same error as Mr. Perceval did , in quoting a passage from Professor De la Hogue 's Treatise , without adverting to an antecedent section of the same tract , which refuted of the inference drawn from the cited passage . ] In a committee you will have an opportunity of investigating all such points . I do not mean that the Committee should be empowered to report opinions , but