hon . friend , he did not think himself bound to originate any specific plan : he confessed that he thought he saw almost insurmountable difficulties to the accomplishment of the proposed object : yet he did not feel the less inclined cordially to embark in the proposition which had been made last year by one right hon . gentleman , and this year by another right hon . gentleman , because he was willing , though he could not see his way himself , to follow the views of others , who might be able to ef- 1020 fect that which was not obvious to his own mind . It was evidently the prevailing sense of the House last session , that a Committee should be appointed , that it might be ascertained what were the precise difficulties of this important question ; what were the obstacles which caused it to stand still ; and whether and how far those impediments could be removed ! Then , as now , he was himself determined , never to assent to any proposition which should not secure the established religion ; but he must say , that when he compared the present situation of affairs with the state of things at that time , he could see no substantive changes since the last year which should induce the House to come to a different decision . As to the temper evinced by the Catholics ( which he lamented as tending to the destruction of their own hopes ) , what feelings were now expressed by that body , which had not appeared last year ? The situation of the Pope was not effectually altered ; and the opinion of the Catholic bishops , as to the operation of his confinement , was given so far back as November 1809 . All these obstacles were , therefore , in as full force in the last year , as they were now . Why , then , it would be asked , did he then consent to the proposition of the right hon . gentleman ? for this reason—because , though his own understanding did not furnish him with the means of seeing his way through the opposing difficulties , yet he thought it a subject becoming the united wisdom of parliament to investigate and determine . It was said , that there had been , in the course of the year , a great change in public opinion ; he differed with those who thought so . But if it were so , he should think this an additional reason for a full and impartial discussion . For himself , he could not collect , from the public temper expressed in the petitions , that the people would be averse from Catholic concession , provided the measure should be accompanied with proper regulations , and the Catholic tone were less violent and intemperate . It was certainly true , that a very respectable number of Protestants , both in England and Ireland , had a general dislike to the measure ; yet this was by no means the universal or the more prevailing opinion . There were , indeed , strong feelings on this subject among the great mass of the population ; yet those prejudices were so softened and altered , that had the Catholics assumed a milder language , the 1021 country would have felt a very different disposition . As a proof of this , he would refer , as well to the tenor of most of the petitions , as to the tone of moderation and temper which had pervaded the debate . He would now offer a few remarks on one or two views of this subject , as taken by hon . members who had preceded him . As to the declaration of the Catholics , that all regulations would be mockeries and insults , —he felt that he should be acting a contemptible part , if he held out to them the prospect of desired privileges on conditions , which as men of honour , or in consistency to the faith of their ancestors ,