the direction of one of the most valuable corps of his army , namely , the light division , to a German officer , ( general Alten ) . Why then , after such a proof of well-merited confidence in real service , should it be deemed unsafe to commit an English district to the command of a German ? Why , while those meritorious officers were entrusted with the command of an army abroad in the midst of war , should they be thought unfit or unworthy to take the command of our army at home ? Notwithstanding the partiality he naturally felt for English troops , and particularly British cavalry , yet the Germans had so eminently distinguished themselves in the peninsula , he fully believed , that upon the continent there was but one feeling among the British army upon this subject , and as to the general merits of the German Legion . But let those who saw them not in service , look at the Gazettes for an account of the conduct of these deserving foreigners , and they would be found to have eminently signalized themselves upon all occasions . Such was , indeed , the impression they made , that if the British army could be canvassed , which he was aware would be irregular , he had not the slightest doubt that the grant of permanent rank to the officers of that Legion would have been universally approved of , which grant he , among others , certainly under-Stood to have been the purport of the Order under consideration . According to en arrangement at present upon the continent , any British officer who went into the Portuguese service , was advanced a step in rank ; but no such advance had ever been objected to by other British officers . No , such was the liberal feeling of British officers , that they were never found to object to the rewarding of merit . These gallant men were only found to murmur when young men , as was formerly the case , were promoted before merit and experience , merely through undue influence and connection . But British officers would never object to the due promotion of foreigners , particularly where their merit was so eminent as that of the German Legion , and who could doubt that merit ? He himself had the honour of commanding a German corps , namely , the First Hussars , which had done more than any other corps on the continent , and a more gallant or more effective body of men he had never met with . The conduct 264 of the German corps too under the direction of colonel Bock at Salamanca , was the subject of universal praise , and in the quarter master general 's department , he knew some German officers who , he thought , ought to be preferred to British officers . Besides great clearness and diligence , many of them possessed advantages acquired before the war in the peninsula , and had enjoyed peculiar opportunities for qualifying themselves for the respective situations they occupied . Under all those circumstances , he thought the House should express the sense they entertained of the services of the German Legion , instead of cavilling at the meaning of the words in the Order . The hon . officer concluded with asking pardon of the House for trespassing upon its attention ; but he felt it due to truth and justice to bear his testimony to the conduct of a too often misrepresented although highly meritorious corps . in reply to an observation from the gallant officer , which observation seemed peculiarly addressed to him , thought it necessary to state that his reason for deprecating the grant of a military command to any foreigners at home , although such foreigners as the gallant officer mentioned were invested with high command abroad , was simply this : that in the one case the command was in Portugal , while in the other it was in England , where , according to the constitutional precept and established policy , foreigners were