' Might not Russia with great truth thus address Buonaparté , `` By what right do you designate us as barbarians ; why cast upon a nation whom you are wantonly attacking , the stigma of being robbers ? How are you rendered so equitable a judge as to be competent to form an estimate of us ? What have we done to deserve this stigma ? —nothing but what you yourself have done , and are still doing by stealth , for our only crime was a wish to trade with Great Britain . But is there any crime in which you have not wallowed , even without the excuse of provocation ? What has been the practice of your life for the last twenty years ? Is there a corner in Europe , Asia , or Africa , 53 that has not witnessed your contempt of every thing that is sacred among men ? Hare you a single Russian of whom you can boast that he has deserted the cause of his country to join your standard ? On the other hand , have you not carried your oppressions so far as to render them intolerable even to your own family ? Has not the brother whom you set as a king over the population of Holland abdicated his situation to avoid your tyranny ? Has not another brother thrown himself into an enemy 's country , where he finds that security and that protection which you refused to give him ? Which , then , '' might the Russian exclaim with triumph , `` is the greater barbarian , I who defend my country from unjust hostility , or you who wantonly attack it ? And yet you call us barbarians ! You , Napoleon , whose practice has been throughout your career `` Auferre , traducere , rapere ! `` —He would now beg leave to call the attention of the House to that part of his Royal Highness 's Speech which referred to Sicily , and he could not but congratulate them upon the result of a negociation with that power , which was likely to prove equally serviceable to both countries . One effect of that negociation would be , to organize a much more powerful force than before existed for the defence of that island , and disposable for the promotion of the common cause . Every person , he was sure , would rejoice on hearing that the Regent was desirous of bringing Sicily into such a state as would be most conducive to its own interest , and to that of Great Britain.—While every one must agree with his Royal Highness in regretting , that all our efforts to stand in those relations of amity with America which could be wished , had proved ineffectual , it was nevertheless a subject of high satisfaction to contemplate the valour and loyalty displayed in our transatlantic territories . The steady zeal and warm attachment to the mother country , lately evinced by the people of Canada , was a subject for congratulation which he could not pass over upon the present occasion . They had withstood every attempt which had been made by America to seduce them from their allegiance , and the efforts to invade their territories were equally unsuccessful . In the first attempt at invasion the whole American force surrendered to much inferior numbers ; and in the second , even the prisoners taken exceeded the British army 54 employed against them . Wherever the British troops were employed , whether in Europe or in America , they never failed to display that bravery for which they were always distinguished . They required nothing but opportunity to display their intrepidity and firmness , and victory was sure to follow ; and these instances of success in America he was happy to hail as the earnest of future glory , when our fellow subjects in those parts would meet the foe and earn fame to themselves and honour to their common country.—With respect to the renewal of the East India Company 's Charter , it would not now be necessary for