Russia , as has been exhibited in this unexampled campaign ; and for having endeavoured to aid a contest begun ( without their advice ) by Russia , for Russian objects , and conducted by Russian councils , with purely Russian energy and zeal , as warmly , as if it had been commenced at their instigation . But here , Sir , a question arises , respecting which some future explanation seems to me indispensable . How has it happened , that having made a treaty of peace with Sweden , upon which we are called upon to congratulate the Prince Regent ; and having for the last six months heard notes of preparation in every port of that kingdom , how happens it that the power of Sweden has not been brought to bear in aid of the Russian cause , at a moment when , if ever , the interposition of a third power might have been decisive of the contest ? To this question I do not desire an immediate reply ; but I can not vote for an Address containing a congratulation on the conclusion of a treaty with Sweden , and at the same time observe Buonaparté retreating , and in a situation which an effective attack on his rear might render doubly perilous , without asking , what impediment prevented the co-operation of Sweden , and whether that impediment was indeed such as it was not in human foresight to anticipate , or in human wisdom to remove ? The treaty with Sweden is not before the House ; I can therefore argue upon it only from the general information , which every one possesses . But , it ought not to be forgotten , that in concluding this treaty , the court of St. James 's and that of Stockholm , did not stand on an exact footing of equality . We had a boon to grant , for which we had a right to require an equivalent . 66 At all times , the acknowledgment of a new dynasty ( to say nothing of an usurpation ) is counted as a concession for which , if necessary or desirable , a compensation may be demanded . In the treaty with Sweden , we began with the acknowledgment of a new dynasty , and incidentally of the Frenchman who is now the crown prince , and eventually heir to the throne . That an equivalent for this acknowledgment should have been required merely for the sake of maintaining the principle and the right , I am not so pedantic or so scrupulous as to pretend : but with Russia in the situation in which she was , I think our right ought not to have been improvidently waved , if we could have stipulated any thing for her benefit . That such a stipulation must have been in our contemplation when we made peace with Sweden , there can be no doubt : it remains to be explained , how that stipulation has been missed , or has been rendered inefficient . In considering the war in Russia , as arising out of the war in the peninsula , ( the view of it taken by the noble lord ) , a new question arises . Hitherto we have carried on the war in the peninsula , with no relation to any other nations than those which inhabited the peninsula itself . But our efforts in the peninsula are no longer to be considered as devoted exclusively to the interests of Portugal and Spain ; it is not for their sakes , or for our own and theirs , alone , that we were under an obligation to prosecute vigorously a contest , on the faith of the vigorous prosecution of which Russia involved herself in hostilities with France . I have already said , that judging what must probably have been the language held by our government to Russia , I entirely and unequivocally approve it . I believe our government to have said to the court of St. Petersburgh , `` if you engage in a war with France with