passed . expressed his surprise at some of the positions of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and he was not less surprised at the conduct of the House , which , in direct contradiction to its own Resolution , had passed the present Bill , to prevent the effect of that inequality which the Resolution of the House went to deny . The Resolution asserted that bank notes and guineas were in equal public estimation , and perfectly equivalent ; but if so , why did landlords demand payment of their rents in gold , and if the pretended equivalency did exist , why pass an act to force the landlord to receive paper ? The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had told the House that bank notes were equivalent to gold , as applicable to all lawful purposes . Was the payment of rent a lawful purpose ? And if paper was equal to gold , why pass a law to guard the tenant against the landlord 's demand for gold ? How the right hon . gentleman or the House could be persuaded to entertain such opinions , he could not divine ; and yet the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer continued to tell the House that an equivalency still existed . Did that equivalency exist when the bank note was at what he called a depreciation of 5 percent. ? and did that equivalency remain unaltered , notwithstanding the depreciation had increased to 15 , 20 , and even 30 percent. ? Could the right hon . gentleman find any one who would give him a guinea for a pound note and a shilling ? Could he go into a market and purchase as much of a commodity with a pound note and a shilling , as with a guinea ? If that equivalency still existed , why did we find such difficulty in obtaining guineas ? Was any such difficulty experienced previously to the depreciation of paper ? No ; and the present difficulty was easily accounted for , because the Resolution of the House was not true . The right hon . gentleman referred the present scarcity and high price of gold , to the non-importation of bullion from America ; but would this apply to England alone ? Would it not affect France , and all Europe ? Would the right hon . gentleman say that gold was as scarce and as dear in France ? Would he assert that the paper circulating in that country was at a discount of 35 per cent. ? He told the House that a bank note was equal to a guinea for all lawful purposes , but that it was not lawful to melt guineas ; would the right hon . gentleman but in a bank note to prove 232 its value ? fire would prove the value of a guinea , when melted it was even more valuable than before , but burn a bank note , and it produced only ashes . He was informed that the Bank had given notice to the bankers in London , that they could no longer be supplied with tokens . If the bank-note had not depreciated , why was that specie commonly called change 80 scarce as to bear a premium in almost every country town in England , nay , he had been told , even in the metropolis ? The right hon . gentleman told the House , that the Bill was levelled against lord King : he did not know the motives of the proposers of the Bill . But he believed the Bill was intended to support the Resolution of that House , which it in fact disapproved , and to protect the paper , which had lost its legitimate protection—the good opinion of the public . He had no doubt the right hon . gentleman intended to press the Bill ; but he saw no reason to hurry on its consideration at this period . Before he concluded , he wished to ask the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer