for the operation of such causes , it is enough for the House to perceive that these petitions , upon the whole , breathe a spirit of toleration highly honourable to the character of the country , and well worthy that religion which it is their object to uphold ; and that the only practical inference to be drawn from them is , what I believe will not be denied , that the general sense of this part of the empire , and a large majority of the Protestants of Ireland , are decidedly hostile to the measure of further concession . It is said , that the petitions come principally from the clergy ; and therefore it has been argued , they are to be laid 944 out of the case , as interested or improper . Sir , it is the first time , in the history of this country , in which the interference of the clergy , upon a question , in their opinion , deeply affecting the interests of their religion , has been characterised either as the one or the other . If , indeed , they have been actuated by unworthy motives , if they have professed sentiments they do not hold , or if they have expressed those sentiments in intemperate and violent language , the reproof may be merited and well timed ; but when the charge rests only on general assertion , or declamation , then , by what new code of revolutionary law , is it to be argued , that a minister of the established church is to be censured , not merely for the exercise of a right he enjoys , in common with the rest of his fellow subjects , but for the discharge of a sacred duty , to guard , by his advice , his influence , and his example , against any innovation on the fundamental laws of his country , which he deems to be dangerous to that religion , whose interest he is bound to protect , by ties , from which no human jurisdiction can absolve him . To censure that proceeding , not from the manner in which the right has been exercised , but because it has been exercised at all , savours not a little of that spirit of intolerance and bigotry which has been at various times , too justly imputed to the professors of that religion whom it is sought to admit to a share of political power , hitherto deemed inconsistent with the laws and the constitution . How far , Sir , the conduct of the Roman Catholics in Ireland has contributed to produce this expression of the public opinion , to increase the jealousies and fears of every class and description of the Protestant community , I will not now enquire , because I am unwilling to enter into any discussion , or even to utter an expression , that can hurt the feelings of a large and respectable part of our fellow subjects , whose general loyalty and good intentions I do not doubt , whatever I may think of the motives , the intentions , and the objects of those who , I regret in common with the right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) , have unfortunately gained such an ascendancy amongst them , and even amongst those who , from their character and their rank , have heretofore been considered their natural and acknowledged leaders . But with a view to the practical question , the motion of the right hon . Gentle- 945 man ( Mr. Grattan ) —what hope can I , or any man , entertain , from what is known of the avowed sentiments of the Roman Catholic body , that they will consent to grant any effectual securities ? When my right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) proposed the resolution which passed in the last session , it was hoped that the disposition to concede , which that resolution indicated , would produce a reciprocal spirit of concession on the part of the Roman Catholics . Has it