casualties , and the number which was actually deficient . Such was the real cause of a difference , which appeared at first sight so extraordinary , and even almost inaccurate . The noble lord then concluded by moving as a Resolution , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee that a sum not exceeding 3,637,501l . be granted to his Majesty to complete the sum required for defraying the charge of the Land Forces at home and abroad , from Dec. 25 , 1812 , to Dec. 24 , 1813 . '' entered into a comparative view of the recruiting service , as introduced by Mr. Windham in his celebrated bill , and the mode which was now pursued ; and contended , that , although a great number of men might be procured , the system which was acted upon had the effect of destroying the militia force of the country . The plan which Mr. Windham had in view was , to make the profession of a soldier not only acceptable to himself , but agreeable to his friends . It was his desire , that , when he entered the army , the soldier should not be looked upon as one who was lost , from that hour , to civil society . This system was calculated , by encouraging enlistment for a particular period , to induce many , who would not otherwise embrace a military life , to enter into it for a few years.—He observed , that the ordinary recruiting in 1807 produced 19,000 ; in the quarter before Air . Windham 's plan was broke in upon , 11,000 ; and in the 1164 quarter afterwards 9,000 . In 1809 it produced 11,700 ; in 1811 , 14,000 ; 1812 , 14,400 , thus demonstrating the great superiority of the plan of the late Mr. Windham , over that for which it was changed , and the army left at the mercy of the noble lord . Many casualties , he asserted , were yet to be reported from abroad . He entered into various calculations to prove the loss of the army must be greater than was stated . There was a board for directing the clothing of the army , and he wished to know who were its active members , who were the military arbitri elegan-tiarum ? Who were the persons who devoted their time and talents to the mode of sticking ostrich feathers into general 's hats , and fastening tags on their shoulders , and arranging the other articles of dress ? He should rejoice in an acquaintance with those military milliners , who had so transformed the life-guards . He had seen the body guards of various potentates ; but neither in splendour or manliness of appearance could they be compared with , those of his Majesty , before the late alteration of their costume . He did not know whether any gentleman present had seen them in their new dress ; but certainly nothing more stupidly foolish , nothing betraying a more ridiculous taste , could possibly be imagined . The unfortunate guards were ordered to be sent abroad . Did any gentleman see them before they went ? Nothing could be more absurd than these military changes ; they were worthy of Grimaldi or D'Egville ; adorned as they were in all their pantomimic pomp and feathers , they looked like the Rinaldos of an epic poem . It might be said , that fine troops at home were destroyed , and bad troops sent abroad . The time that had been called politically a New Era , was also a new era with the army . There was a cavalry clothing board appointed , with the duke of Cumberland at its head , whose resolves were memorialized against by general officers as absurd , and one of whose regulations was called `` inflicting a capon the cavalry . '' One leading proposition was to deprive the dragoon of his boots ; but the Duke of York afterwards cancelled the order , and dissolved the board . Then came another board ,