he has overcome them . Indeed , when we reflect that the whole of this period has been devoted to the cause of his country , without the exception of a day , when we reflect what privations he must have endured , that no considerations of personal ease could divert him from his object , that no fatigue , that no considerations of private policy could shake him in the discharge of these important public duties , we are led to wonder at that strength both of body and of mind which could support him under all these circumstances , and for so long a period . The marquis of Wellington , my lords , is justly sensible of the high honours which have been conferred upon him , for no greater perhaps ever fell to the lot of any man ; eight times he has received the thanks of parliament , and in six out of those eight times he was commander in chief . But in respect to any pecuniary compensation , independent of the reward which on a former occasion was voted by the legislature to lord Wellington , instead of having had , during all these campaigns , any opportunity of increasing his fortune , he has , I believe , on many occasions experienced its diminution . I shall not detain your lordships further , than by proceeding to make that proposition which I am convinced will be unanimous , because it is one in which you are called upon to concur , in justice to lord Wellington , and to yourselves . Because , my lords , in conferring upon lord Wellington a reward for his past and distinguished services , you only do that to which he is entitled as an individual ; and when you take care to reward so great and undisputed services in such an individual , you adopt the wisest policy for the preservation and security of your country . I may here add what more properly comes first under consideration in another place , that it is the intention of government to propose a grant of 100,000l . to be vested in landed property , for the use of the noble marquis and his heirs , and in such manner as will be more particularly described in the act for that purpose.—The noble earl concluded , by moving an humble Address to the Prince Regent , thanking him for his most gracious Message , and assuring him that their lordships will most readily concur in carrying his Royal Highness 's intentions into effect . had no disposition to make any observation upon the present 182 motion , after the able and just mode in which the marquis of Wellington 's distinguished services had been described ; in every word of which he most heartily concurred . He had only to remark that the proposition of the noble earl had his entire approbation , and he felt satisfied in hearing the statement and extent of the grant intended , and the manner in which it was meant to be appropriated . The Address was then agreed to nem . diss . was desirous of submitting to their lordships ' attention , a motion for further information respecting the Bill introduced by the noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) . The noble and learned lord , on a former night , had expressed his intention to oppose every proposition for delay . But he ( lord Holland ) was no further desirous of delay , than that before the House passed a measure of such importance , they should have every information requisite to form their judgment upon it . He , therefore , intended to move for the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons , appointed to inquire into the causes of delay , in the decision of suits in the Court of Chancery . He was the more desirous of having this information before them , as it would enable the House better to decide upon the propriety of the Bill , and give time for the attendance of several noble lords who