discharge their duties fully . The Court of Chancery , too , could only filly draw aid from a court , the decisions of which rested on similar principles of equity , and were analagous to its own , for though there were upon the benches of the Courts of King's-bench and ( he believed ) Common Pleas , individuals who had , at a former period of their lives , been eminent in Chancery practice , yet there was no Court in Westminster-hall , except the Court of Exchequer , which acted upon principles of equity ; and so far from that 463 court being able lo afford them the aid they required , there had been serious proposals for requiring an additional effective judge there , where the arrear of business was even more pressing than in the Court of Chancery ; and the difficulties under which suitors laboured rather called for a legislative remedy of their own , than offered a resource . If the Court of Exchequer could not supply the want , no other court in Westminster-hall could . It was thought impossible therefore , that the remedy could be expected from any of the courts in Westminster-hall . It was very generally supposed , that the measure now proposed would be the means of causing innovations in the mode of conducting business in the Court of Chancery . Nothing could be more inconsistent with the principles on which the Bill was founded , than such a supposition . Such had been the growth of legal business since the two unions which had been so happily effected between England with Scotland and Ireland , and the consequent increase of the industry and wealth of the whole kingdom . If judges had struggled under this press of business so long , it was only a proof of their diligence and zeal , as well as of their integrity . The measure proposed would be the smallest departure from ancient practice , and so little of an innovation , that in lieu of giving the Chancellor the privilege of calling in the assistance of the nine puisne judges , together with two masters in Chancery , as he now might do , it gave him a permanent instead of a temporary assistance . It was a mere change to this extent . The Chancellor had now the privilege of calling in the assistance of the Master of the Rolls ; and when he assisted the Chancellor , he was as much under the direction of the Chancellor as the judges under a commission , or the Vice-Chancellor proposed . The object of the Bill was to afford to the Lord Chancellor a permanent , instead of a temporary assistance in the transaction of the business of the Court of Chancery . The affording assistance in the transaction of business , certainly did not imply any innovation in the mode of transacting it ; and the very reverse of innovation was the object of the measure then under discussion . The functions of the officer whom it was proposed to appoint , were not different from those who were appointed commissioners , and he repeated it , that when the Master of the Rolls was 464 able notwithstanding the pressure of his business to assist the Lord Chancellor , the assistance which he afforded was not different from that which would be given by the new officer . The objection which was made , by comparing the evil which the Bill would produce with that which it would remedy , instead of really operating against the Bill , was a powerful argument in its favour . For after a fair comparative view of the two evils , the magnitude of that which it remedied , was so strikingly contrasted with the diminutive nature of the evil which it could produce , that there was little room for hesitating to decide in favour of the Bill . He had formerly mentioned that the present measure would not cause any additional expence to the public , though it would be productive of so great benefit to the suitors in Chancery