the Catholic claims at the present moment , and will oppose the motion of the right hon . gentleman . begun by saying , that he felt himself relieved from any necessity of entering into a detailed refutation of the arguments against emancipation , not only because they had been so often refuted already , but because they had in a great measure lost the hold they once had upon the judgment , and still more upon the feelings of the public.—Indeed , if he were to name the question upon which , so far as his knowledge extended , the progress of opinion in any age or country had been most rapid , most palpable , and most satisfactory , it would undoubtedly be this . If , for instance , we compared the situation in which the Catholics now stand , with that in which they stood only twenty years ago , when in the yea ? 1792 not only was the prayer of their petition rejected by a vast majority of the Irish parliament , — ( a parliament comprehending some of those that had since been numbered among its most distinguished advocates , ) —but the petition itself was 916 thrown off the table , as if it had been too absurd , and too presumptuous , even to be entertained for a single moment , —we should see good reason for being satisfied with the progress of religious liberty in our times , and for looking with increased confidence to the final prevalence of justice and truth . Indeed , it had long since become clear to all thinking men , that the real question no longer was , whether or not the Catholic Claim should be conceded , but how long it should be delayed . A man must have ill observed the signs of the times , he must be ill acquainted with human nature itself , who , after the change that had taken place in the public opinion upon that subject , within the few last years , could flatter himself , if indeed that was his wish , with the hope of a permanent and successful resistance . It was impossible not to have remarked the unpopularity of the question decreasing year by year , and almost day by day , till in the last parliament , a parliament convoked under circumstances of peculiar irritation as to that question , the principle was solemnly and ( Mr. W. hoped ) irrevocably adopted by the House . And was the opinion of all the great men that had written and spoken , and acted in favour of emancipation nothing ? Was it to be believed that a measure which Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Burke not only approved and promoted , but thought essential to the prosperity of the empire , and which was still held to be so by the far greater part of the eminent statesmen that remained to us ; a measure so sanctioned by this branch of the legislature should not finally prevail ? On most other political questions , on those , at least , that admit of any discussion at all , any person seriously , and honestly trying to form an opinion is dazzled on every side by the splendour of names equally illustrious , and is at last obliged to weigh his authorities , or to rely upon his own judgment for a decision . He finds one opinion in the writings of Mr. Burke , another an opposite one , was entertained by Mr. Fox , and a third comes recommended by the authority of Mr. Pitt . But , on this subject , let him chuse what leader he may , he is inevitably conducted to the same conclusion . Indeed if the question were to be settled by authority , scepticism itself must be confounded by the vast preponderance in one scale . But then , Sir , it is not as authorities that I now appeal to the opinions of these great men , 917 though that is a most important branch of the argument ,