he might in that quarter , more particularly if Castile were thrown open , be able to do that which would deliver Andalusia more completely than if , as he had first intended after the capture of Badajoz , he had advanced against the French in that province itself . The climate also he found more favourable to his soldiers , and he advanced with a perfect confidence in the moral qualities and physical force of his army . He ( lord C. ) begged the House to bear this in mind . Lord Wellington did make an irruption into Castile . He drove the French from Salamanca , and advanced upon the line of the Douro . Though at the commencement of these operations , his army was such that he could court a general action with Marmont , when he arrived upon the line of the Douro , this was no longer the case . The French , as was their practice , sacrificed all the hold they had of the country , by withdrawing their troops from the several fortresses they had previously occupied , to make head against lord Wellington . Before the battle of Salamanca , Marmont was reinforced from Leon and Estremadura , from the army of Caffarelli , and from the army of Madrid . From that moment lord Wellington said , `` I am not prepared to risk a general battle , unless I find that upon military grounds I engage you with a prospect of success . '' This lord Wellington laid down as the principle on which he would act—a principle in every respect correct , and consistent with his genius . It was not for us to court general engagements in the abstract . The French might wish to do so ; but lord Wellington felt , that while he remained in Spain with such an army , the country never could be conquered ; and it was his object to make the French abandon all but the ground on which they 155 stood , till he found them in such a situation as would enable him to turn it to their discomfiture and defeat . Upon these principles he acted up to the battle of Salamanca , and when the French crossed the Douro , ( an opportunity of which lord Wellington could not deprive them from being in possession of the fords and bridges , so that it was impossible for him , with an inferior army , to make the Douro a military position , ) he then retreated ; but his retreat was made on this principle— '' If you give me an advantage , I will attack you , but otherwise I will not put to the risk of a single battle the cause of the peninsula , which may ultimately triumph without such a sacrifice . '' And what was the result of this determination ? It led to that great action , which not only filled the nation with gratitude , but inspirited other countries to oppose the aggressions of France—an action , of which it was justly said , on a former evening , that , in the history of all the battles which the campaign in Spain , or in any other country , presented , there was none which could be less imputed to chance than the battle of Salamanca . It was not one , the armies engaged in which met but the hour before they engaged , and decided the struggle by force of arms unaided by policy ; but it was a battle fought between two great armies ( for they both were great ) nearly equal in numbers , though a superiority was certainly on the side of the enemy , after looking at each other , and not only looking at each other , but watching , manœuvring in each others presence for an advantageous opportunity of attack , from the 16th of July to the 22d of that month , the day on which the glorious and ever-memorable battle of Salamanca was fought.—Without going into the detail , which he thought unnecessary ,