exertion was attempted , and though I am not disposed to unnecessary cruelties , nor would countenance the wanton effusion of human blood , yet I can not help thinking that if some signal act of vengeance had been inflicted on any part of the United States , exposed to maritime attack , but particularly on any portion of their territory where there prevailed the greatest attachment to the interests of France , it would have at least been a useful warning , and might have prevented the continuance of the contest , if they had not prevented its commencement . I protest against the doctrine of half-measures , and forbearance in war : for where vigour has a tendency to decide the contest , hesitation is cruelty . But with those topics I have done . Whatever may be the result of the contest , after the declaration issued by the United States , this country will stand right in the eyes of the world and of posterity . Nay , it is not paradoxical to say that we shall stand right , at no distant time , in the eyes even of our enemies in the United States ; for by a singular anomaly , upon the issue of this struggle in which America is attempting to cripple our resources , depends not only the independence of Europe , but perhaps ultimately , the freedom of America herself . said , the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , had expressed deep regret at the neglect of the government , in not inflicting a terrible chastisement upon their American foes , immediately following the commencement of hostilities . A few plain facts which he would submit to the House might help the right hon . gentleman to understand the naval operations of Britain on the American coast more distinctly , and show him that his statement had partly proceeded from imperfect information . As soon as the discussions in America began to take a serious turn , which he conceived happened during the month of May last , the British government sent orders to their naval officers , not couched in doubtful terms , but in the plain good old English style , that as the American government had assumed a menacing attitude , they should put in force their standing orders to sink , burn , and destroy their enemy 's ships . These orders had been issued on the 9th of May last . They had never been revoked , but had been in force , were in force , and were acted upon as they had been given , without any drag-chain upon them . On the very day that the Americans had declared war against Great Britain , commodore Rodgers put to sea , although it was supposed he had not received any instructions from his government to that effect . In a few days a British squadron was sent in pursuit of commodore Rodgers and his fleet , at an earlier time than could have been expected . The British admiral wisely thought that some blow was aimed at the commerce of this country ; he therefore went to protect the West India fleet . It proved that he was right in his supposition , for while protecting the West India fleet , he fell in with commodore Rodgers , gave him chace , and immediately bore down to give him battle , and had he thought proper to stand an engagement , the war would have commenced with one of those brilliant achievements which the right hon . gentleman had so strongly recommended ; but very unluckily he made his escape . The Guerriere had gone to sea in company with the Africa , 74 , from which ship she was separated in a gale of wind ; immediately after which she fell in with the American frigate of superior size , by whom she was most unfortunately taken.—When the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) had said , that admiral Warren had remained in Halifax , he was right , for although all the 646 ships , even the