. With respect to the original plan of the campaign , on the principles of which he acted , and still more with the aid of the original documents in the possession of government , he ( lord Castlereagh ) begged to say that lord Wellington had not only accomplished all he expected , but more than all he had hoped to perform , and retired to the frontier having raised the siege of Cadiz , freed Andalusia , triumphed over danger , and gained immortal glory . If they watched his advance and retreat , it would be found that no disasters had occurred to damp our satisfaction . Only observe the skilfulness with which our great commander executed that retreat . We heard of no rearguards surprised ; no guns or stores taken by the enemy , except two or three in one place , which did not belong to his equipment , and which he could have carried off with little trouble , had they come within the scope of his main object so as to 162 induce him to encumber himself with them . He sustained no loss but what might be expected in the ordinary course of service . After having accomplished every military object which he had in view , he had retired with glory . His character never appeared more glorious . Our credit and our hopes were never higher in Spain than at the present time ; and if we could not now drive the enemy over the Pyrenees , it was evident the enemy could not conquer Spain , and might be said to have little more hold of the country than they would have , if , having been forced to recross the Pyrenees , they were accumulating strength , and waiting an opportunity to return.—He would now conclude , hoping , that though he had gone at greater length into the subject than he thought of doing , that he had not wearied the patience of the House , that he had not introduced any question of military policy that would awaken a controversial feeling , and above all , that he had not appeared desirous of screening ministers from censure under the great and illustrious name of the marquis of Wellington . Any charges as to the means they had afforded , or ought to have afforded lord Wellington , they were anxious to meet on a future day . They had no wish to hang the conduct of government on the neck of lord Wellington , but were content to stand or fall on their own merits . He then moved , `` That the thanks of this House be given to general the marquis of Wellington , for the many and great services which he has rendered to this kingdom , and to his Majesty 's allies , during the late campaign ; and more particularly for the glorious and decisive victory obtained near Salamanca , by the allied army under his lordship 's command , upon the 22d of July last , whereby the French power in Spain has been essentially diminished , the siege of Cadiz has been raised , and the southern provinces of the peninsula have been rescued from the hands of the enemy . '' professed himself to be incompetent to follow the details of military operations , so as to be able to offer an opinion upon them ; indeed , he did not much like the agitation of such subjects in that House : but the noble lord had entered into a variety of subjects , and seemed disposed to call upon the House to sanction the whole conduct of the government respecting the conduct of the campaign , and to endeavour to shew that they had not been wanting in affording supplies 163 to lord Wellington . ( No ! no ! from the other side . ) As far as he understood the noble lord , what he had said went to shew , that government had supplied every thing that had been essential to the success of the marquis of Wellington.— [ `` Lord Castlereagh disavowed