for saying so , for he , five years ago , withdrew from them for 15 months . Could any man conceive that this great and excellent officer would have withdrawn himself from those-causes , if it had been his duty to have attended to them . What censure would not he have subjected himself to , if , for the gratification of his private feelings , he had withdrawn himself from the duties of his office ? Such , however , was not the case ; but it was a mere voluntary occupation of his unemployed time . And should the House not rather call on this great officer to do that for which he was created , rather than suffer him , because he was not sufficiently occupied in that , to employ his time in what was not his duty ? It became the House not to appoint two assistants to the Chancellor , when the business of equity could be done with one . On the supposition , then , that the Master of the Rolls were withdrawn from the Cockpit , the question was , could he give the assistance required to the Lord Chancellor and meet the evil of the accumulation they were desirous of removing ? If he were to assert at random , that he knew the Master of the Rolls had time enough for the purpose , he might not get credit , and might be met by an assertion of an opposite tendency ; but he professed to state , with actual and positive precision , the grounds on which his opinion was founded . To decide this question , let it be seen how much of his honour 's juridical time was employed in matters of 529 equity . With this in view , he must go I into a pretty minute detail . The juridical year , deducting ten weeks for the long vacation , consisted of 36 weeks , and of this remainder there was to be a further deduction for Christmas , Easter , and Whitsuntide ; after which , the sum being multiplied by six , gave 206 juridicial days , from which , six holidays were to be subtracted , leaving a total of 200 days in the juridical year , during which the Chancellor sate for the administration of justice . Then , on how many of those days did the Master of the Rolls sit for the purpose of assisting the Chancellor ? To shew this , he should state when he did not sit . During term time he sat three evenings in the week , and on the other three days he did not sit at all . There were three terms in the year of three weeks each , so that there were nine days in each of these terms in which he did not sit ; this made , for the three terms , 27 days on which he did not discharge any business . The fourth term consisted of four weeks , producing 12 days on which his honour did not at all sit , making a result on the whole of 39 days on which he was unoccupied . He never sat on Saturdays out of term , except on the first Saturday after each term ; this gave 19 Saturdays out of term on which he did not-sit at all ; this , added to the former 39 , made 58 days on which his honour did not at all sit in equity . He did not mean to say , that the learned judge did not sit elsewhere , but he now went upon the assumption that he was withdrawn from those other functions . His honour never did sit on seal days , and that for a reason which did not now exist , namely , because it was formerly no unusual matter for the Chancellor to sit on seal days , probably till two o'clock on the following morning , and the counsel being the same in both courts , they , of course , would be engaged before his lordship .