to him before he became a defaulter , was taken back to be applied to the payment of his debts . The veteran battalions , consisting of foreigners , had been formed of invalids who were not fit for service , and whom it would have been an act of manifest cruelty , in the present state of the continent , to have sent to their own country , as the French government would , in all probability , institute proceedings against them , and perhaps put them to death . The item which appeared in the estimates for allowances to retired foreign officers , arose out of the provisions made for the Dutch officers , who had come to this country when the Stad tholder left Holland . These men , it had been thought reasonable , should hold the rank they formerly held in their own country . The item was new to these estimates , having 1183 been brought from the army extraordinaries . Its amount was about 15,000l . The expence of the Military College he admitted to be great ; but he contended it was an establishment of great value to the country , as he thought the cadets quite adequate to furnish the army with a supply of well educated officers . With regard to what had been urged against the Irish barracks , he thought the estimate went very much into detail : there was no statement , indeed , where those were , in what part of Ireland , nor was he prepared to state those facts to the Committee , but he would make inquiries . It should be remembered , that there was not the same facility in quartering troops in Ireland as in England : there were fewer public houses , and the laws were different there , for soldiers might be quartered upon private individuals ; and it was to lighten that burden upon the civil inhabitants that arracks were to be created.—With regard to the paymaster general , so much had been said upon that subject , that he should offer no opinions of his own ; but he hoped that when general plans of economy were before that House , as they were at present , the Committtee would not think it necessary to be picking out single instances upon which to exercise the spirit of reform . said , he regarded the day on which the Army Estimates were voted as an important day in every session , and he was a little disappointed on the present occasion , that none of those gentlemen who had maintained that our operations on the peninsula should be conducted upon a more extensive scale , had not come forward with some plan to shew how a greater force , and how more money to support that force , could be obtained . The object of the Committee , however , now was to see that so large a sum as 17,000,000l . was so expended as to make it go as far it could . The noble lord , he thought , had talked with too much levity about saving 10,000l . here , or 20,000l . there ; if ten or twenty thousand could be saved any where it ought to be saved ; nay , if one or two thousand could be saved , it was the bounden duty of the Committee to do it . It was said there were great difficulties in supplying the deficiencies in the army . He did not mean to go back to Mr. Windham 's plan ; but he would say he was firmly convinced , that if that most wise , salutary , and comprehensive mode had been adopted in all 1184 its parts and principles , no such difficulties would now be felt . It was , however , too late to think of that plan now ; and all we could do was to go on from hand to mouth , and supply our wants with foreigners as well as we could.—With regard to the horse guards , he thought the explanation of the noble lord