not , consistently with the conscientious discharge of duty which , as a member of this House , I feel myself called upon to perform , be content with giving merely a silent vote upon a question so incalculably momentous . It is my wish to avoid every expression , to abstain from every argument , which can tend to increase jealousies , and inflame 764 animosities , already far too prevalent and too bitter ; sensible that the House will best command the respect , and insure the confidence , of the nation , by a discussion , perhaps the most important which could be agitated within its walls , conducted without rancour or asperity , of claims urged , on the one hand , with zeal , but without violence , and resisted , on the other , with firmness , with uncompromising firmness , but without hostility . Before I proceed in the consideration of the main question , I am anxious to advert to an argument , frequently adduced in its support—viz . that , amongst other great authorities quoted as favourable to the measure , an appeal had been always made to the opinions of Mr. Pitt . I am particularly anxious to state those reasons which induced me to draw , in some degree , at least , a different conclusion from that which is usually drawn , and to diminish , very considerably , the force of an appeal to the principles of one , under whose sanction so many of his strenuous opponents , while living , are now glad to shelter their opinions , and to whom so many of his zealous adherents profess that they are willing to submit their own judgment . I wish not , Sir , to enter into any detail of what passed at the end of the year 1800 , or the beginning of the year 1801 , when the most able and most virtuous minister who ever presided over the councils of this or of any other country , was induced to resign , because he had not permission , from a certain quarter , to propose any measure the object of which should be to enable Roman Catholics to hold any office or situation of trust or power ; but . Sir , I may , I hope , be allowed to say , that it was then generally known , that this resignation took place before any specific measure was actually proposed—the end was , upon principle , objected to , and therefore it could answer no purpose to examine into the means . It is also certain , that no explanation nor statement of what was really intended was ever made in this House , although the great man to whom I allude lived five years after his resignation , and the subject was frequently discussed in parliament . But , if there were no public avowal of his precise intentions , did he ever communicate any plan to his colleagues in office ? The noble and learned lord who now holds the great seal , and who is known to have stood very high in Mr. Pitt 's esteem and 765 confidence , has declared that he never heard any particulars of such a plan from Mr. Pitt ; and , if I be not mistaken , he went so far as to say , that he did not believe that Mr. Pitt had formed any plan—and if , to this positive declaration , we add the silence of his other colleagues in office , we seem warranted in asserting , that , in reality , Mr. Pitt had no plan . We all know that , upon every future occasion , he discouraged and opposed the discussion of the Catholic claims , and that he afterwards took office , with an express understanding that he was not to bring the question before parliament . If , then , it be recollected , that the difficulty about the Popish question arose suddenly and unexpectedly at the end of the year 1800 , when Mr. Pitt had certainly not so far