been reduced to the necessity of entering into menial service for their present subsistence , not having any longer sufficient means of otherwise providing themselves with lodging clothing firing and other necessaries of life ; and that their case is also more peculiarly discouraging , as they are not only without the consolation enjoyed by the prisoners of the royal navy of receiving an additional present support in consideration of their former services , but are obliged , from their diminished resources , to send occasional assistance to their apprentices captured with them ; and that having dedicated their lives to a service of such acknowledged importance , both as a source of the public revenues and as a nursery for the royal navy , they humbly hope that the House will be graciously pleased to take their present distress into consideration , and afford them such relief for themselves and families as in their wisdom and goodness the House may deem expedient , until the return of peace or an exchange of prisoners , so ardently and so anxiously desired , shall release them from their long and unexampled detention , and enable them again to provide for their own support . '' gave notice , that he should , on the 4th of March , bring forward a distinct proposition on the subject of peace . said , that before the adjournment he had given notice of a Bill for the purpose of allowing the Local Tokens already issued to remain in circulation for some time longer , and at the same time to prevent any addition being made to the quantity now in circulation . Many objections had been made to the suppression of this species of currency ; but , even if no chance existed of the place of it being adequately supplied by any other kind , it would be wrong to continue a currency so entirely out of the controul of government , so much debased , and confined , from the limited credit of the issuers , to certain districts . As , however , temporary inconvenience might arise from the act in ques- 363 tion , the measure which he should now propose might be desirable . The House was acquainted with the improvement in the state of the exchange , from which there was a prospect of an influx of bullion , by which the means of remedying the evils arising from the species of currency under consideration , might be increased . The time which he intended to propose for the operation of his Bill was six months , but the proper occasion for discussing the period would be in the committee on the Bill . He should move that the chairman do report to the House their opinion , that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Local Token Act . said , that six months might possibly be objected to , as at the end of that time the House would not be sitting . The proper time for discussing it , however , would be in the committee on the Bill . said , that he was unwilling to hold out any probability of a long term being granted , as he was convinced of the mischievous-ness of the currency in question . wished to know about what time it was likely the East India question would be brought under discussion . He did not rise for the purpose of extracting from ministers any information on the topics connected with that 378 question , but it would be desirable to know from his noble friend at the head of the Board of Controul , in what shape it was intended to bring it forward . stated , that it was impossible for him at the present moment to give a definitive answer to his noble friend 's question , as he happened to know from unquestionable authority , that the East India Company had not yet determined whether or not they would petition parliament for a renewal of their charter . Until , therefore , they had come to some decision on that