and at a moment when the total overthrow of the hopes of enslaved Europe was anticipated , to declare war against England . It was false and calumnious to assert that America had ever determined in favour of France . She had been ill treated by both belligerents , and after enduring a protracted series of injuries , although she had resolved on a war with England after these aggravated insults she had received , although she had declared against us she had not declared for France . ( Hear , hear , from ministers . ) Was it necessary for the information of the old , or even of the young members of the House , to recapitulate those insults , to quote the various enactments by which American ships were compelled to pay toll on entering British ports ? —If truth must be spoken , he would say that America had always been in the right , ( Hear , hear ! ) until , by the declaration of war she had changed her situation , and of this advantage he hoped Great Britain would avail herself . He wished never again to hear it stated , that the conduct of the American executive had been guided by any motives but those of American policy ; and if our policy were truly English , the road to conciliation was plain and open . He should sit down in the fervent wish , that the opportunity of conciliation now offered would not be neglected . ( Mr. Stephen offered to rise . ) 633 He did not wonder at the impatience of the hon . and learned gentleman , and considering the part he had taken in previous debates , it was not more difficult to anticipate the arguments he would now employ , than to recollect those he had previously used . The Orders in Council had gone through no stage of life without his paternal regards and advice , and only at their death was his presence wanting . Excessive grief at that awful moment restrained him from being present at the premature dissolution of his darling child ; but if any other cause induced him to he absent on that melancholy occasion , Mr. Whitbread hoped that he would this night not fail to explain it to the House . Persuaded was he , that America was actuated by no such motives as had been alledged , and that she was aggravated and compelled by this country to pursue the course she had . America in her conduct towards this country , up to the last period , was right , but in her declaration of war she was wrong . There she gave the advantage to Great Britain ; and he trusted this advantage would be used on our part with wisdom and discretion , and that the opportunity which he conceived was afforded for an adjustment of all difference would not be lost . In conclusion , the hon . gentleman expressed a strong hope that means might be taken , in the present disposition of America , for establishing lasting terms of amity and good will towards this country . Mr. Canning and Mr. Stephen rose together ; a general wish being expressed by the House , that the former should proceed , the latter gave way , and addressed the House nearly as follows : I should not have persisted , Sir , in claiming the attention of the House in op position to the learned gentleman to whom personal allusions have just been made , had not my opinions also been called in question in more than one sense , at an earlier period of the debate . I have been asked , from two different , indeed opposite quarters , whether I still persist in the opinions which I formerly stated on the subject of America . Those opinions were of two descriptions ; the one relating to the justice of the war into which the United States have thought proper to plunge us , the other to the management of that war on our part . I retain both