gaolers to bring before them the prisoners described ; it also provided , that the barristers might administer the necessary oath , which was left unexpressed in the former act ; and further directed the investment of the prisoners ' property in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the county , for the benefit of their creditors . Another provision was , that the decision of the barristers should be final . With respect to the bringing up of prisoners not confined in the gaols of the metropolis , it was directed they should be brought up by application for a Habeas Corpus to one of the judges of the Court . The noble und learned lord having stated the nature of this Bill , moved that it now be read a first time.—The Bill was accordingly read the first time . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the trustees of Estates given for Charitable 224 uses from granting long and improvident leases . Having adverted to the acts already passed to secure the due appropriation of donations for charitable purposes , he proceeded to observe , that it yet remained for the legislature to adopt some measure , the object of which would be to prevent the trustees of donations , such as he had described , from granting leases of lands or other property , for terms , which , in the common acceptation of the word , might be considered improvident . What he called improvident , were those leases which exceeded 14 years . It was not his wish to meddle with any of those leases which had hitherto been granted , nor did he mean to oppose the grant of long leases , where the interest of the estate required that such leases should be given , namely , where the estate was to be improved by building or otherwise , but to prevent any difficulty on this head , he should introduce a clause into the Bill , empowering the bishop of the diocese , in which leases were to be granted , to decide as to the length it might be expedient to grant them , and calling upon the trustees to make application to him before such leases were granted . In all estates , where rack-rents were exacted , however , he should propose , that no lease should be granted for a longer period than for 14 years , and that where such leases were to be given , the circumstance should be made public , in order that a fair competition might take place , so as to secure an adequate price for the property to be leased . These regulations he had no doubt would not only tend to the better attainment of the objects for which charitable donations were left , but to the general improvement of agriculture . The hon . and learned gentleman having concluded by moving for leave to bring in his Bill , the motion was agreed to , and the Bill ordered to be brought in accordingly . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the Bill to continue an Act of the last session of parliament , for making more effectual provision for preventing the current Gold Coin of the realm from being paid or accepted for a greater value than the current value of such coin ; for preventing any note or bill of the governor and company of the Bank of England , or of the governor and company of the Bank of Ireland , from being received for any smaller sum than 225 the sum therein specified ; and for staying proceedings upon any distress by tender of such notes . moved , that the 2d and 3d of the Resolutions which , upon the 14th of May 1811 , were reported from the Committee of the whole House , to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which , upon the 8th of June 1810 , was made from the Select Committee appointed