both . But we are told , that we may trust to the operation of manners to relax the law . On the contrary , the laws ought to be always in unison with the manners , and corroborative of them , otherwise the effect of both will be lessened . Our passions ought not to be right , and our reason , of which law is the organ , wrong . '' The words of this 564 admirable writer were never more applicable than in the present instance : for without some extraordinary aggravation who was there with nerves strong enough to contemplate the execution of this law ? Who would say that any one for stealing a ribbon or a piece of lace above the value of five shillings was deserving of death , if not guilty of some other offence ? He did not believe that there was a single instance in which the sentence had ever been carried into execution . If there were any instance , it would be very desirable to know under what aggravations the offence had been committed ; and it would also be extremely desirable that those aggravations which had been the foundation of the punishment , should in future be made the foundation of the sentence . This would relieve the judges from that responsibility in deciding on the fate of individuals from their own private judgment , which constituted the most painful part of their duty . He was himself satisfied that the effect of the law had been to increase the frequency of the crime . Laws to be effectual must hold out a terror to individuals . What terror could a law carry with it , when it was known that it was never put in force , but remained a dead letter on the statute book ? He had , on a former occasion , stated , that no instance had occurred of the law against stealing to the amount of 40s . on navigable canals , having been put in force . An aggravated case of this kind bad lately happened , in which property had been stolen to the amount of some thousand pounds . This case had been cited against the principle of the Bill for repealing that act . But could this be considered as a fair ground of objection ? Because stealing to the amount of some thousand pounds was punished with death , was that a reason why stealing to the amount of 40s . should be punished with death ? He should , however , have congratulated himself , even if a law had passed to save the lives of those individuals . It was not likely that an instance of so aggravated a nature would soon occur again , and the effect of the execution of the sentence was to make persons dissatisfied with the existing law . The trial had lasted three days , and the jury had the fullest opportunity to consider every circumstance of the case . Yet after their entire conviction of the guilt of the prisoners , they had joined in a unanimous petition to the Prince Regent , to spare the lives of those whom by the 565 law they were bound to condemn . There could not be a stronger instance of the general repugnance in men 's minds to the carrying of such laws into effect . The next Bill he proposed to introduce related to the common law punishment in cases of High Treason . The sentence at present , it was well known , was , that the criminal shall be drawn upon a hurdle to the place of execution , that he shall be hanged by the neck , and being alive shall be cut down , that his entrails shall be taken out of his body , and , he living , the same shall be burnt before his eyes , that his head shall be cut off , his body be divided into four quarters , and head and quarters shall be disposed of at the pleasure of the king . In point of fact