regularity of their conduct , is that they met in a way which , by a fortunate recollection and dextrous application of a statute intended for another purpose , was discovered to be illegal.—What did they do then , —they complained , but they dispersed—they tried the point of law , which , in a doubtful case , they were well warranted in doing—they tried the point of law , and submitted patiently to the decision of the Protestant lawyers who decided it against them . But then they have made use of violent and menacing language—if it is meant that the language of some of the speeches at the Catholic meetings is violent , I most readily admit the fact ; indeed 938 I know not how , without a miracle , it could be otherwise , in meetings from which no Catholic is excluded , where , in the minds of some of the speakers , vanity and turbulence will naturally mix themselves with better motives , which of course , come to be considered as a sort of schools of rhetoric and politics by those that are unfortunately precluded from better opportunities of distinguishing themselves , and where the constant , standing , exclusive subject is a grievance . That violent indiscreet speeches should be made in such assemblies is any thing but surprizing , and the only matter of wonder is that they should not be more indiscreet and more violent , and that the passions of some individuals should not have more deeply infected the aggregate body . If gentlemen mean to wait till no such discourses are held , they had better make up their minds to abandon the whole question at once , which indeed would be a wiser and a fairer course , than to let the privileges of a whole nation depend upon the expressions that happen to fall from a few hasty , impassioned orators . Up to a very late period the language employed by the Catholics in their Resolutions and Petitions was uniformly moderate and judicious . The Resolutions however which passed last spring contain some expressions which it is impossible to defend in point either of prudence or of decorum . But when you have said that you have said all . For even in these expressions there is nothing disloyal , or indicative of disloyalty . They merely shew that the Catholics felt as under their circumstances it is natural to feel , and that they trusted the expression of their feelings to persons who were not guided in their choice of language by the soundest policy or the most correct taste . In estimating the conduct of the Catholics we ought to bear in mind that they are persons labouring not only under a grievance , but under that by which the sense of grievance is always very much enhanced—great and repeated disappointment . I do not contend , nor in my view of the case is it at all necessary for me to contend , that any positive authorized promise was given to the Catholics at the Union . On the contrary I give implicit credit to the declarations made by my noble friend the Secretary of State for foreign affairs , that no such engagement existed . But it is enough for me if that which I believe no man can or will deny , be true . It is enough for me if the 939 language and opinions of those who were then at the head of affairs , if the very nature and spirit , if I may so express myself , of the measure itself , were calculated to excite in their minds an expectation that the hour of their deliverance was at hand . Another great disappointment—that which gave birth to those expressions to which I have just now alluded , happened at the beginning of the Regency . Sir , I do not mention this circumstance invidiously . It is my purpose to apologize for the Catholics , and not to criminate any other set of men . And no doubt the hope which they then entertained of