the clergy of Rome has always , from the earliest times , been composed , not of Romans alone , but 826 be taken to an intrusive or heretical government ; ║ 5° . that the modern morality of of individuals of every nation . `` —Relation , & c. vol . I , p. 169 . ║ ' * This is not only the government of a stranger , but a government , notoriously interfering with the spiritual power , in every place to which it extends , and a protector of all sects , and all forms of worship . This system of indifferentism , which supposes no religion to be true , is that which is the most injurious and the most opposite to the Catholic Apostolic Roman religion , which , because it is divine , is necessarily the only one ; and can not form any alliance with any other ; any more than Christ with Belial , the light with darkness , truth with error , or true piety with impiety . `` That man can neither know , nor love that most holy religion , out of the pale of which there is no hope of salvation , who does not tremble , with horror , at the situation in which he will be placed , under the new government ; who does not perceive , of himself , that he can not , without a manifest injustice , indeed without enormous sacrilege , afford any sort of adherence , favour , approbation , or co-operation with such a government . `` It follows hence , 1st , That it can never be allowed to take an unlimited oath of fidelity to such a government . 2dly , That it is unlawful to accept and hold any offices under it , tending to its support and maintenance ; because it is a general principle , that no one is permitted to enter or persevere in a state ( duns un état ) however necessary for his subsistence , if it is incompatible with his conscience , and with the interests of his eternal salvation . `` But with a view to the public tranquillity , the Pope allows an oath of passive allegiance to be taken , according to a formula.— ' I promise and swear to take no part in any conspiracy , plot or sedition against the existing government , and likewise to be submissive and obedient to it , in every thing which may not be contrary to the laws of God and of the holy church . ' '' —Relation , & c. vol . 1 , p. 193 . `` Can we possibly dispense ecclesiastics from the pontifical law of the sacred canons , which prohibits them from taking any oath of fidelity to the lay ( or secular power ) from whom they do not receive any Temporality ? '' Cons , de Lateran IV . des Sermens.—Relation , Sec . vol . 2 , p. 29 . 827 the Papal see is nearly the same as heretofore ; § and 6° . that the Papal power of § `` Bull of Indulgences to the Cardinals , archbishops , bishops , and vicars capitular of France and Italy . Feb. 1809 . Vol . 2 , p. 109 . `` Indulgences concerning Marriage . `` Some of you have requested the faculty of dispensing , or giving permission for marriages to be contracted between parties , one of whom professes the Catholic faith , and the other heresy . But you know perfectly well that the true Catholic Church has ever strongly reprobated marriages with heretics ; the Church has them in horror , as has been said by Clement 11 , our predecessor , of happy memory ; 'on account of the multiplied spiritual dangers which they produce . '—The same laws , which induced him to forbid Christians to intermarry with the Infidels , also determined him to prohibit the sacrilegious nuptials of Catholics with Heretics . On this principle , notwithstanding the most pressing instances on the part of the bishops , the holy