which we claim and have exercised under the Orders in Council of 1807 , and should , I trust exercise again , if again occasion arose for it , of retorting upon the enemy any attempt which he may make to wound us through the sides , or by the instrumentality of neutrals . With respect to blockades , the hon . gentleman has appealed to my recollection , whether the blockade of 1806 did not stand on different principles from those of 1807 ? The hon . gentleman is perfectly correct . The Order of 1806 established , or professed to establish , a blockade upon the old principles , by the application of a specific and competent force to particular ports . In January 1807 , an Order was issued professedly of a retaliatory character . The Order of 1806 merged in it . What had intervened between the Order of May 1806 , and that of January 1807 ? The French Berlin Decree . In retaliation , and avowedly in retaliation for that Decree , the Order of January 1807 was issued ; doing away the strict legal blockade , and instituting what has been and may justly be described as a constructive blockade , not supported by an adequate specific force , but excluding neutrals from the coasting trade of the enemy by a prohibition retaliatory of that sweeping prohibition 639 of the Berlin Decree by which they were precluded from all trade with Great Britain . The Orders of November , 1807 , extended the operation of the Order of January : but did not vary its principle . I have no wish to revive the differences which the hon . gentleman and I have so often discussed upon that subject , but I am equally prepared to contend now , as four years ago , that though there was some difference in degree between the Orders of November and that of January 1807 , there was no difference in the principle ; and certainly the hon . gentleman must own that the Americans have made no such distinction in their remonstrances . The Orders in Council however both of January and November were abandoned : wisely or not , there is now no advantage in enquiring ; —with little chance of satisfying America , as I thought at the time , and as must now be manifest to all mankind : and for this plain reason that the American government was not to be satisfied . They had an itch for war with this country , and they were determined to have it . Although therefore these are the only two points on which any practical discussion is pending , I can not agree that they only entered the minds of the American executive when they declared war ( for be it always remembered , that the war originated in their Declaration . ) The spirit of animosity to this country indeed was not confined to the persons forming the cabinet of the United States ; the gall of bitterness not only overflowed in Washington , but at the very court of London . The notes of the republican Chargé d'Affaires , Mr. Russell , contain abundant evidence not only of the predetermination to war , but of the real motives of that policy . In the month of August , he , with warning voice , pointed out to ministers the consequences of hostility ; he told them `` if concessions are not speedily made , the passions of the inhabitants of the United States will be roused , and conquests may be gained on terms that forbid restoration . '' When this sentence was penned , had not Mr. Russell Canada before his eyes ? Was he not in the transport of his visions of success betraying incautiously the secrets of his employers , which were not to be divulged till the promulgation of the Declaration ? [ Hear ! hear ! hear ! ] Low as he was in the rank of diplomacy , he was intrusted with this grand and favourite design ; and it is impossible for any man