, that the hon . member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) so much misunderstood me , that , when I adverted to this 113th constitution or canon of 1603 , he exclaimed `` You are quoting a Popish canon . `` —I will here content myself to repeat that those canons of 1603 , constitute the great code of regulation of our church establishment , and the principle , as I have before often noticed , has been recognized by the highest authorities of our courts of law . I have heretofore observed also that our municipal law in this respect is at issue with our ecclesiastical law . By the latter the minister is commanded to conceal all crimes committed to his secrecy in confession , of however deep a dye , `` provided they be not such as the concealment might endanger his own life . '' Now as the concealment of high treason subjects only the offender to the penalties attached to premunire , namely , imprisonment , at the king 's pleasure , and forfeiture of goods , it follows that there is no crime existing upon our statute books the bare concealment of which constitutes a capital offence . The minister therefore of the Church of England is , by the ecclesiastical constitutions , bound to conceal what the municipal law commands him to reveal ; but this subject I have so often before pressed that it is unnecessary now to dwell upon it ; I will only observe that a new provision ought necessarily to be framed , explicitly sanctioning the conscientious scruple of the Catholic priest , and protecting him against misconstruction . It became a question with Henry 4th of France , whether the seal of confession should not be broken , but the king , upon mature deliberation , abandoned his 1224 purpose—it was wisely observed that by withdrawing the obligation of secrecy , a solitary instance might occur of some public utility , but the seal of confession being no longer to be considered as a protection to the penitent , crimes would be no longer avowed , and every advantage resulting from the institution would be lost to society . I have examined the application of this tenet of Catholic discipline with no light attention , not even passing over the cells of our public prisons for examples of useful application , and I can take upon myself to affirm that , under the wholesome influence of a most worthy priest , whose name I consider it as a sort of duty to mention ( Mr. Devereux , who attends the gaol of Newgate ) the detection of the most notorious offenders and the restitution of property to a great amount , have at various times been made to great public as well as private advantage . I shall now proceed to the oath of 1793 ; the oath which , as I have stated , was drawn up by a right hon . and learned gentleman , from the declaration made by the Catholics anterior to the introduction of the Bill in parliament . The Catholic by this oath swears that he will not exercise any privilege to which he is or may become entitled , `` to disturb and weaken the Protestant religion and Protestant government in this kingdom . `` The construction of the Catholic upon this clause is `` that it is necessary to disturb and weaken , not only the Protestant religion , but likewise the Protestant government , in order to violate this clause , and that if it had been put disjunctively as it was proposed to be , it would have been inadmissible by the Catholics . '' I think I need not say that this is a sort of special pleading upon the construction of an oath which ought to have been avoided , and an oath of so complicated a description ought never to have been imposed . I feel myself called upon to give the House all the information in my power on this point . The Catholic defends himself by telling you that if he is