attended us had flowed back upon its source ? It seemed to him , that such propositions were totally inconsistent with the obvious rules of common sense and reason . And yet , where now was the marquis of Wellington ? In what direction were we to look for the glorious results of the campaign ? In what manner was the diminution of the French power in Spain evinced ? The noble lord had slightly touched upon the most important feature of the war , the failure of the siege of Burgos . If the word of the noble lord was to be taken , nothing on this occasion was to be imputed to the commander of the forces . Lord Wellington did all that a great commander could do , and all that his means rendered him capable of performing . If this was the case , then either the government had not supplied lord Wellington with the means adequate to accomplish his purpose , or , possessed of 165 those means , he had totally failed . There must be blame somewhere , and some defect existed which called loudly for enquiry . It was somewhat extraordinary , as well as mortifying , that , after all the means which had been placed in the hands of his Majesty 's ministers , and the liberality with which those means had been dispensed in the course of the Spanish war , that the country had not yet reaped some of the fruits of the great victories ; some of the benefits of the exertions which had been detailed . Nothing , however , seemed to have resulted from all these advantages , but calamity and distress , which gave rise to the natural proposition , that either lord Wellington was not entitled to the praise which the House was called upon to bestow , or the fault of our failure was attributable to the gross negligence and imbecility of the ministers of the crown . He could not see how they could get rid of this dilemma . It was not , however , for the purpose of going at length into these topics , that he now rose ; all he wished to do was , to protest against the system of delusion which had been observed by his Majesty 's government for the last 19 years , 16 of them under his own observation , and to which the noble lord 's speech formed a sequel . In every speech which had been delivered on occasions similar to the present , the same prospects of success were held out ; the same panegyrics were passed upon commanders ; the same panegyrics upon ministers themselves , ending always in disappointment , and calculated to engage them deeper in expence and war . Other and more fit opportunities would occur for the discussion of these subjects , which he now wished to avoid , as he was very unwilling to dissent from any vote of thanks or gratitude which might be proposed to the present commander in the peninsula . He could not help thinking , however , that it would have been better , if the question had not been brought forward quite so early , and that time might have been allowed to go into some inquiry on the general conduct of the campaign , before the House was called upon to give their vote . The noble lord , in the plenitude of his satisfaction , had not merely confined himself to Spain , but had travelled out of his course , and had taken the House to Russia , where , in the destruction of from two to three hundred thousand human beings , in the burning of Moscow , and in the devastation of an immense tract of Russian 166 territory , he found new causes of congratulation , new sources of national pride and gratitude . He had called the attention of the House to the difficulties with which the emperor of the French was surrounded in his endeavours to reach winter quarters ; and that he had considered as a matter of