in the peninsular war , in the last eleven months , while in 1809 , only 2,800,000l . had been expended for the same purpose . He , however , must observe , that the depreciation of currency was not quite so great in 1809 as in 1812 ; and he believed the quantity of gold and silver exported in the latter year , would account for a considerable portion of the increased sum . The same remark , he believed , might be made with respect to the deficiency of the revenue . As they went on , they would find that 60 millions this year , would not be equal to 00 millions in the last . Nor would they find 60 millions in the next year , equivalent to the same sum now ; and , instead of a deficiency of 90,000l . they would see it continually increasing . wished to restate part of the opinions delivered by him on the preceding evening , which had been misconceived . 130 He did not complain of the government for not issuing letters of marque , but of the absence of all maritime military efforts against the coast of America at an early period of the war . Had sufficient armaments been seasonably stationed off the American ports , all the American vessels would have been hermetically sealed up in those ports . He did not mean to say , as had been supposed , that the whole of our commerce had been swept away by the maritime efforts of America . What he meant to say was , that the captures by the Americans were greater in an infinite proportion than they ought to have been , considering the disproportion between our ships and theirs . The Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to have forgot his logic when he thought that this charge was answered by an amount of the exports from the port of London ; for the amount of those exports by no means indicated their arrival at their place of destination . His charge against the government for not publishing a counter-declaration to that issued by America , on the subject of captain Henry 's supposed mission , was also unanswered . The American declaration stood recorded in the face of the world , and the government had not done the country justice in not stating the denial in a manner equally public . Why was such a counter-declaration withheld ? Because , said the noble lord , of its being irritable matter . This was humiliation with a vengeance , if the Americans were to be allowed to publish such a charge , and we were not to answer them for fear of irritating them . Much had been said in the course of the evening , on the subject of peace . He believed there existed in the government of France , a determination to pull down this country from the situation which she held in Europe ; and therefore we had not only to contend with our other difficulties , but also with that permanent hostility of sentiment , which was not alone directed against our warlike power , but against our very existence as a nation . It was dangerous , therefore , to throw out among the people that peace was easy of attainment . Great distress certainly existed in the country , though it had been greatly exaggerated ; but a warning ought to be taken from the proceedings previous to the repeal of the Orders in Council , not to hold out hopes which might only end in disappointment . He wished to know from the noble lord what was the real situation of this country 131 with respect to America ? He had listened attentively to the noble lord 's speech of last night ; but if any person this morning had asked him whether we were at war with America , or whether there was a negociation with that power , or whether the war or the negociation predominated , he could not have given him a satisfactory answer . conceived the statement he made