all interference with the Protestant establishment and hierarchy . What then remains in difference ? The right of the Pope with respect to their clergy ; now to this , the Oath of Supremacy never had any reference , nor could have had : their clergy were not ; recognized , as having any legal existence , when-the Oath of Supremacy was enacted , nor as the subject of any other regulation , than that of heavy punishment if they were discovered ; this part of the oath merely looks to the preservation of the Protestant hierarchy , and all this is effectually provided for by the oath which is proffered . If the Catholic swears that he will not disturb or question the establishment , it would seem to concern us very little whether he admires or approves it , or what may be his abstract opinion of its-fitness . We have already the effect of the Oath of Supremacy , so far as it concerns practical and conscientious submission , now and at all times , and it is perfectly childish to say that we will not accept their present acquiescence , and their oath that they will continue to acquiesce , unless they also swear that they ought , as matter of abstract right , to do so ; that is , they must not only submit to our title , but swear to our argument . I do not mean to-say , that the mode of appointing their clergy and the Pope 's interference with respect to it , is not a very important topic , and one which we are well warranted in looking to and regulating ; but what I rely on is that it is a new subject , resting on its own merits , and calling for and requiring a conciliatory adjustment , but , in no respect , involving any thing , which affects the Oath of Supremacy , on the principles of the Reformation . As to the Corporation Act , every person , acquainted with its history , knows that it was introduced , not with an aspect to the Roman Catholics , but to sectaries 805 of a very different description , who had got into the corporations during the government of Cromwell , who were supposed to be disaffected to the politics of the court . Part of the oath , as it was originally framed , was that it was unlawful , under any pretence , to take up arms against the king , or those commissioned by him ; and the amendment , which sought to qualify it by adding the word 'lawfully , ' before commissioned , was thrown out . One of the first acts of William and Mary was to repeal this scandalous and slavish enactment , which was at direct variance with the first principles of the Revolution ; and yet we are told , in patriotic petitions , from loyal Protestant bodies , that this Corporation Act was one of the great bulwarks of the Revolution . This mutilated fragment , one half of which was lopped off by the Revolution , is one of its pillars , and the Test Act is the other . Its history is known to every body—it was the child of my lord Shaftesbury , who , on the score of religion , possessed a most philosophical composure , but had a very pious horror of the court , and levelled this act personally against the duke of York ; and , as the Corporation Act was the first offering of overflowing servility , brought in on the full tide of the Restoration , so was the Test Act the result of deep and bitter repentance , subsiding at its ebb ; and yet these conflicting , partial , and temporary regulations , are dwelt on , as if they formed part of that great event , which we all consider as the foundation of our liberties . But I beg to ask , has the charter of our liberties become obsolete ? If not , why are those mighty instruments hung up like