and feelings so unworthy of their high trust and calling . I believe them to be actuated by the purest zeal : and I quarrel not with any accidental intemperance , in their expression of it , however much I may regret and would discourage that intemperance for the sake of public example , and of the public peace . I confess , however , that I am not quite so indulgent to all classes of petitioners who have thought proper to come forward upon this occasion . Among others there is one much relied on by my right hon . and learned friend ( sir W. Scott ) , the petition presented by the descendants of the French Protestant Refugees . This petition might , I think , have been spared : it might have been more becoming , in these persons , to have acted as if , schooled by persecution , they had learnt mercy ; as if the recollection of the sufferings of their ancestors had inclined them rather to protest against the principle of civil disabilities on account of religious differences , than to come forward the warmest and most eager advocates of that exclusion and those penalties , when inflicted upon others , which their ancestors had found so degrading and intolerable , when inflicted upon themselves . My right hon . friend was led , by this petition , to allude to some former speeches of mine , in which I referred to the edict of Nantz.—The edict of Nantz he admits to have been a well-intended attempt , but a most misguided one , he seems also to think , to quiet religious animosities by political concession : and , he says that alter a short trial ( a trial of near a century ) it was repealed . What then did France gain by the edict 1059 of Nantz ? says my right hon . friend . What did France gain , say I , by the revocation of it ? She lost by that revocation upwards of 800,000 of her most industrious citizens ; —she lost her most skilful artizans and mechanics—a loss , impoverishing France even almost up to our day ; and turning proportionally to the advantage of every country , in which the exiles found an asylum . This country , among others , has profiled by the accession of skill and industry , which the refugees brought with them—by every tiling except their passions and their prejudices , which I wish sincerely they had left behind them . We do not grudge them , nor their descendants , the protection which this country has afforded them . Let them not grudge to us the maintenance of quiet and harmony among ourselves . Let them not revenge on this nation , by stirring up and inflaming bitter animosities here , the injuries which they have inherited from France ; and the consequences of which have made them Englishmen . There is only another petition , Sir , to which I think it necessary particularly to advert . A few evenings ago , we saw the lord mayor of Dublin , for the first time since the Union , at our bar ; claiming the same privileges of audience which are enjoyed by the sheriffs of London . Properly as well as courteously , this House received him with all the ceremony , which he desired . Why did this venerable person approach us with this state and formality ? Why were we , now , for the first time , honoured by his appearance , robed in all the pomp of office ? On what great and glorious victory did he come to congratulate us , and to join the voice of Dublin to the acclamations of this country ? What grand local improvement in the internal state and condition of the metropolis of Ireland , or of Ireland itself , did he come to announce , or to recommend ? None of all these causes brought him to your bar . He comes to check the growing liberality of this House to his Catholic countrymen .