indefinitely perpetuated . 240 He confessed that he did not pretend to see a way out of the difficulties into which the country had been brought in this respect by the councils that he had opposed . On the contrary , he was of opinion , that during the last two years those difficulties had become so much more numerous and complicated that they were out of the reach of any sudden remedy . He would not , therefore , vote for the amendment , because it held out a hope , which , as he did not entertain , he would not appear to sanction—that in such a limited period as that to which the amendment referred , some remedy might be discovered for the existing evil . He trusted , however , that the operation of the Bill it self would be only for a limited period , and that during that period the attention of those to whom the consideration of the subject was a duty , would be turned to it with a view of providing , if not a remedy for the evils which had already been incurred , at least a preventive for those greater evils which a perseverance in the present system must necessarily occasion . read a letter from a friend in the country , in which the writer recommended strongly the passing of the Bill before the House , in order to save the people in his neighbourhood from the most serious loss , if not from ruin . expressed is decided opinion , that the present state of our circulating medium was not owing to the conduct of ministers , or of any other set of men ; but to the growing commerce of the country , which the whole metallic currency of the world would have been insufficient to supply ; and he earnestly wished that this fact were distinctly understood throughout the country . The House then divided : expressed his regret at the hostility of the petitioners to those concessions to our Catholic fellow-subjects , which he considered essential to the safety and welfare of the state , coupled with an adequate security to the Protestant establishment , to which establishment no man was a warmer friend than himself . He was surprised also at the fear expressed in the Petition , that granting the claims of the Catholics would lead to the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts , and thereby remove the security of the Protestant establishment . It was well known that no ministry had ventured to enforce these acts ; that they were hung up from year to year , and that no ministry , however intolerant , could venture to carry them into execution . He hoped that these Petitions were merely the over-zeal of individuals , and that they were not set on foot by any of his Majesty 's ministers . He trusted , however , that as the discussion of the great question relative to the Catholic Claims was not to come on till after the holidays , that all the Petitions against those claims would be by that time before 243 the House , in order that they might be the better enabled to take the whole subject into consideration . said , he wished it to be passed only for a few months , in order that the House might have time to give sufficient consideration to the measure . He was altogether against the renewal of this Bill , and thought what had passed in the debate last night sufficient to lead him to that opinion . Of all the speakers last night , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer was the only one who spoke in praise of the Bill . Whilst several who voted for it said that they did so not from any approbation of its principle , but under the influence of various temporary circumstances . He had many objections to the Bill , and said , that the legislature ought to pass laws for the prevention , not for the production and multiplication of crimes . This