by the House of Lords , the Chancellor must preside there , and if so , he must be taken from his own court for the purpose , and thus in remedying one evil another would be created . It had also been suggested that the House of Lords should attend in a body , but assuredly , no one who thought calmly on the subject , could wish , however full their attendance might be , '' that their deliberations should want that weight and authority which they derived from being directed by a person of avowedly high character for legal knowledge and abilities . From the assistance of such a person , their decisions would derive a claim to satisfy suitors , of which no one could wish to see them deprived . The measure now before the House had met with the approbation of the House of Lords , and that was a circumstance which could not be sufficiently insisted on , entitled as they were to judge of the subject . But no advantage had been taken of this to hurry the measure through that House , on the contrary , it was proceeding through it slowly and regularly , such opportunities being afforded for due deliberation as its importance demanded . said , that his hon . and learned friend had expressed his intention 545 to be brief in the observations he had addressed to the House ; but he had , never the less , proceeded to say so much , and that so well and so antithetically put , that it was impossible to pass it over in silence . His hon . and learned friend had disputed his sufficiency to judge of the subject before the House ; it was certainly true , that he had not so much business in the Court of Chancery as he ( Sir S. Romilly ) had ; but he was sufficiently conversant with it to dispute the correctness of a statement which he had made very prejudicial to the character of the English bar . The hon . and learned gentleman , in speaking of the Chancery bar , seemed to think that if great and flagrant abuses prevailed there , abuses plain and palpable , no gentleman in that court would stand up to point them out and oppose them—that there would not be spirit enough among those who officially attended there , to remonstrate against any open and gross dereliction of duty on the part of a Lord Chancellor—he saw nothing in the conduct of the persons conneated with that court to warrant such an opinion . Indeed , he was sure if any abuse were observable , his hon . and learned friend would be the first man to expose it . As to the idea with which his hon . and learned friend seemed to be impressed , that a person might be chosen as keeper of the great seal , rather for his political influence , than for his professional knowledge , he thought it was the veriest bugbear that ever the imagination conjured up , to believe that a minister would select for that high office , any person who did not possess great legal information . It would be impossible for any minister to appoint any individual to that office who was not fully adequate to the discharge of its duties , and whose incapacity would be soon exposed to the eye of parliament and the country . And , if there even were all that servility in the court , which would induce the gentlemen attending it , to conceal the want of knowledge of the individual placed at the head of it , were he indeed unfit for his situation , in that case , he hoped there would be at least spirit enough within the walls of that House , to remedy the evil . Sure he was , if such a state of things existed , his hon . and learned friend would not sit long amongst them without making it known , and he felt convinced , the House would , in the