not see the possibility of extending , to the Catholics , the privileges , which their Protestant brethren enjoyed , with safety to the establishment in church and state . To clear himself , however , from any charge of inconsistency , even in the mind of those who remember his former declarations , the right hon . gentleman says , that the present circumstances are very different from those , under which the question had been discussed at former periods . The right hon . gentleman seems to attribute this change to the measures of the Irish government , at the period when he was one of its members , and he says , that , from those measures , alluding to the proceedings against the Catholic convention , three important consequences have resulted , all of which call for a different line of conduct , in the House , at the present period , towards the Catholics of Ireland . In the first place he says , that the Catholic committee is dissolved . In the second , that the Catholic body has come generally forward , and has unanimously preferred their petitions to the legislature , for relief from their present disabilities . And , Thirdly , The Protestants of Ireland have also expressed their sentiments in favour of qualified concessions to the Catholics , and have presented petitions , to that effect , from most of the counties in Ireland . Sir , I can not but think that the right hon . gentleman has been rather unfortunate in his deduction of these consequences , from the causes to which he attributes them . In the first place , says the right honourable gentleman , the Catholic committee is dissolved ; and , literally speaking , he is correct ; —but surely the 903 right hon . gentleman must know , that , though the committee is dissolved , yet every individual member who composed it , was re-appointed by an aggregate meeting of the Catholics , to act on the part of that body , and that they are now pursuing , precisely , the same course , in their new capacity , which they did in their old . The Catholic committee , when a decision in a court of justice had proved its illegality , was undoubtedly changed in its name , and in its form of appointment , and it now skulks behind the law , which its former constitution had violated ; but I can not think that the right hon . gentleman will persist in arguing that this necessary deference to the sentence of a court of law , on the part of the Catholic committee , materially changes the nature of the petition , which is preferred under the auspices of the Catholic board . The second effect of those measures of the Irish government , in which the right hon . gentleman bore a prominent part , and which measures had my warmest approbation , has been , according to the right hon . gentleman , to call forth , from the Catholics , a general expression of their sentiments , and an unanimous application for further privileges . Why , Sir , I never heard , that , at former periods , even preceding the dissolution of the Catholic convention , there was any doubt as to the wish of the Catholics , on this subject , or that the expression of their feelings had been at all partial or equivocal . But the third result is , of all , the most extraordinary . The Protestants , says the right hon . gentleman , have come forward in the different counties , and have presented to the legislature , Petitions , which the right hon . gentleman is pleased to designate , with the exception of one or two , as favourable to the claims , or at least to the discussion of the claims , of the Catholics . Does the right hon . gentleman really consider these Petitions to have been presented , in consequence of the conduct of the Irish government in dispersing