many of these had afterwards come to him , expressing their sorrow for having yielded a reluctant consent which they conceived to be contrary to the duty they owed to their king and country , and desiring that they might be permitted to sign the Petition he had now the honour to present . He , conceiving that any injury which might result to them from doing so , would reflect more discredit on the country than the want of their signatures , had dissuaded them from doing so ; but many , incensed by the conduct they had witnessed at the meeting , persisted in their resolution , and actually had affixed their signatures , conceiving that there was no law to exclude the patrician order of Protestants from making known their sentiments to the legislature . He would maintain , that the Petition he held in his hand was as well entitled as any other to lie on the table of the House . said , he had no objection to the Petition being received , but it professed to be what it was not—a Petition from the Protestants of the county of Kilkenny . He wished to know , if the people who thought in the same manner with the noble lord , at the meeting in question , formed the majority of that meeting , why they allowed an adjournment of it ? [ Here the hon . baronet was interrupted by loud cries of Spoke , spoke ! and after some-little resistance , was obliged to resume his seat . ] observed , that this Petition would have been signed by a greater number of persons , but printed extracts , 733 from an abominable publication , purporting to be the third part of `` A Statement of the Penal Laws affecting the Roman Catholics '' were industriously circulated from door to door , and occasioned many individuals to withhold their signatures . He understood the same base act , for he could call it nothing else , was resorted to elsewhere . Now , he had always heard it stated , that any publication , the motive of which was to disturb the public peace , was a libel . The publication to which he alluded , could have no other object but to create dissention between the Roman Catholics and the Protestants ; to excite those two classes of his Majesty 's subjects against each other ; and to place a bar between the respectful representations of the Roman Catholics , and the deliberative wisdom of parliament ; he was sorry therefore that government had not proceeded against its author . said , that the libellous and malicious publication alluded to was not confined to Chichester , but had been spread throughout Yorkshire and Lancashire ; when such shameful artifices were resorted to , it sufficiently marked the character of the cause which demanded such support . He complained , that such a gross and villainous libel on a whole people , was not taken notice of by the government of that country whence it proceeded . It notoriously issued from a press favoured by that government , It proceeded from the office of The Dublin Journal , which , with its worthy compeer , The Patriot , was supported by the public money . Why , he asked , had not the government exerted those powers , which , on other occasions , they were ready enough to make use of , in punishing the author of this atrocious work ? Why had not they directed the Attorney General to file an information on the subject ? But their thunders were reserved for other objects . They could prosecute the printer of the two first parts of The Statement , but they overlooked the false and malicious publication , purporting to be The Third Part , although it tended to fill the country with dissention and bloodshed . lamented to think that they were coming to the momentous discussion on the claims of the Roman Catholics , with so much heat and violence of temper . As a friend to the Catholics