authors of the Bill had a right to expect , to imagine that the Bill , even though it should receive the polishing hand of the learned serjeant , could ever answer the purposes for which it was intended . As an unlearned member of parliament , his vote should be against the introduction of a magistracy which it was not fit to create , it was not his fault that the proposition was so objectionable . They had a right to take time to consider this Bill ; as the Lords had paused for eleven years before they hit upon this mode of remedying an inconvenience of such great and growing mischief . If indeed it was contended that they were not entitled to object to this plan , without having some other more perfect plan to propose ; he would answer , that he had no doubt another plan might easily be devised ; but he denied the necessity , or even the propriety of originating it in the House of Commons . The onus was on the Lords ; not on them . The evil was with the Lords , who pleaded their own fault , and applied for the remedy . The evils , he believed , were exaggerated , 490 and must vanish at the touch of a reforming hand . Let the Lords adopt an efficient measure , and the mass of evil would soon shrink to a manageable size . He was unable to follow the reasonings of Chancery lawyers ; but was such an officer as a Vice-Chancellor ever recognized before in England ? He felt the highest respect for the present Lord Chancellor , but he must consider that he was called upon to legislate , not only for the present times but for posterity . He wished to preserve the office of Lord Chancellor in this country in all the plenitude of its powers and splendour of its authority . He believed in his conscience that it wag most essentially important to the constitution that it should be so preserved . He thought that it was one of the highest prerogatives of the sovereign , that he could take a man from the profession of the bar , and place him at once by an act of power in a situation giving rank and precedence above ducal coronets . This high prerogative , however , like all others , would be exercised with a responsibility to public opinion ; and although the crown might make whom it would Lord Chancellor , yet it would never will to make any man a Chancellor , who , in the public eye , was not conceived to be fit for that high station . He was not imputing any negligence to lord Eldon , when he said , that if this Bill should pass , a time might come when all the business of the Court of Chancery might be thrown upon this new officer and the Master of the Rolls , and that in future times a Lord Chancellor might be chosen chiefly from other considerations , unconnected with his legal knowledge or ability to preside in the Court of Chancery . This Bill might therefore , lead to the destruction of the high office of Lord Chancellor , which he conceived to be , as it now stood , an office of the greatest importance , as well in a constitutional point of view , as with regard to the administration of the important duties of the Court of Chancery . He , therefore , could not support a Bill which appeared to him to do things utterly unwise ; to create a magistracy unfit to be created , and to endanger by innovation upon its character and duties a magistracy which it was of the highest importance to maintain unaltered and unimpaired ; a Bill not calculated to remedy the evil which it professed to obviate , and risking the introduction of other evils which it might be diffi- 491 cult hereafter to cure : a Bill directed to the removal of an obstruction in the course of justice avowedly