professeth , so that he be diligent to frame his life according to that law and the right of nature . For holy scripture doth set out unto us only the name of Jesus Christ , whereby man must be saved . `` —Moreover the church of England openly professes the same doctrine , as often as , in her service , she recites the Athanasian creed , which concludes in these words : '' This is the Catholic faith , which whoever does not faithfully and firmly believe , he can not be saved . '' But the Catholics do not rest their defence against this charge , barely upon the practice of the reformed churches , but deny the inference of intolerance as not justly belonging to their avowal of this general principle . To maintain this , Dr. Hawarden published a work entitled , `` Charity and Truth , or Catholics not uncharitable in saying that none are saved out of the Catholic Church . `` —He gives the following quotation from the great authority of St. Augustine. `` If they , who hold an opinion in itself false and perverse , maintain it with no pertinacious obstinacy ; if they have not been misled by their own presumptuous audacity , but have received their error from seduced or lapsed parents ; if they be serious and diligent enquirers after truth , and manifest a disposition to yield to it , when found by them , such persons are on no account to be set down as heretics . '' In a word , it may be collected from this and all other writers , that the Roman Catholic holds , that every person is received within its pale by baptism , by whomsoever administered : —That involuntary error is not exclusive ; and that the church has its concealed children in the sects separate from its unity . If any thing farther be wanting to repel the charge of intolerance brought against the Catholics , it may be found in this historical fact . When the Bill , for readmitting the Protestant bishops into the House of Lords , was before that House in 1641 , 26Cathofic peers voted for it . The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) , wholly overlooking what had been said by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) in his speech , in support of his motion , re- 994 garding the Class-book of Maynooth , called the Tractatus de Ecclesiâ , has quoted the last sentence of that work , from the late Mr. Perceval 's speech of last year , to shew that the students of Maynooth are , at this day , taught all those obnoxious tenets , which are ascribed to the Catholics . But ; if the right hon . gentleman had taken the pains , which it was becoming him to take , before he hazarded such an assertion , to inform himself on this point , he might have learned , from a note to the printed speech of the hon . baronet ( sir J. C. Hippisley ) of last session , that , upon an explanation which took place between him and Mr. Perceval , the latter acknowledged he had made a hast ) reference to this work , and that it taught the students of Maynooth such opinions , in respect to these tenets , as were perfectly satisfactory . * This will appear to be the case to every one who reads this book ; as , also , that it is a book , in every respect , eminently calculated to instruct those who are intended for holy orders , in a manner most likely to render them useful clergymen and loyal subjects . But though the opponents of the Catholics fail in this instance , as well as in every other , wherein they endeavour to shew that they still are bound not to keep faith with heretics , and that they acknowledge the Pope to possess the power of absolving subjects from their allegiance , of deposing princes , and are wholly