friend near me ( Mr. Canning ) brought forward and carried his motion ? The circumstances of the times had then materially changed , partly owing to a melancholy event which I , in common with every man who hears me , most sincerely deplored , an event which deprived the country of the services of a minister whose memory will be ever dear to me , and to every honest man in the country ; and partly owing to other causes which it is now unnecessary for me to recapitulate . My noble friend himself ( lord Castlereagh ) had changed his opinion , and it was then announced that the question was not to be considered as a cabinet question . I think it a matter of great regret that this question is not to be brought forward as a cabinet measure . After the Resolution of last session , and after the interval of the whole summer , it is , I say , most unfortunate that ministers are not prepared to take up this most important question 894 as a cabinet measure , that they are not ready to submit some plan to the legislature for its consideration . In what a strange situation , Sirs are we placed , upon a question on which depends the present tranquillity and future welfare of a considerable portion of the empire . We have the Catholics of Ireland unanimous , we have a great proportion of the Protestants of Ireland for the question , and we have a cabinet divided and not prepared to submit any measure to parliament upon it I know it has been said that the majority of the Protestants in Ireland are unfavourable to the Catholic claims , but I must beg leave to doubt the correctness of that assertion . The change in the sentiments of the Protestants of Ireland has been remarkable : I know that in many counties where , a few years ago , the Protestant '' were decidedly hostile to the Catholic claims , such has been the progress of opinion that they have now almost unanimously concurred in the sentiments expressed in the Petitions on the table , which do not object to admitting Catholics to the benefits of the constitution under such guards as the wisdom of parliament may think necessary for the security of the establishments . It is true , that there are many petitions from Protestants in Ireland decidedly hostile to the Catholics . I am far from suspecting or insinuating that the government of Ireland have interposed , or used any means to procure those petitions . I know that my noble friend the Lord Lieutenant would scorn to have recourse to such a measure . As for his advisers , the right hon . gentleman who succeeded me in one of my offices , I mean my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer ( Mr. William Fitzgerald ) , he , of course , would not encourage petitions of that kind ; he has expressed himself decidedly in favour of the measure against which they are presented . As to the other right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Peel ) who succeeded me ( my other half as I may call him , ) he , indeed , is hostile to the Catholic claims . His residence in Ireland during the summer has , I suppose , convinced him of the danger of making any concession , while his right hon . colleague who was born in the country , has always lived in it , and is deeply connected with it , not only sees no danger in complying with the wishes of the Catholics , but thinks that great mischief will ensue if they are not complied with . The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Peel ) thinks , that 895 to grant a silk gown to a Catholic , or to permit one to command a company in England as he does in Ireland , would be big with peril to the state . Such are the discoveries he has made during his short