dispense themselves from the support of it upon such feeble and suspicious grounds—who thinking the measure wise and just in itself , chuse to clog the execution of it with absurd and impossible conditions . They too , it seems , are friends to toleration , they too are desirous to free their fellow subjects from unnecessary restraints , and therefore when the Catholics , under those circumstances that are most calculated to agitate them , under the influence of expectations often raised and often disappointed , and now standing again as they think , upon the very threshold of religious freedom , are perfectly calm and composed ; when all the actors upon those irregular theatres of ambition , which our impolicy has opened , and which our mere power will never be able to close , conform their language to the standard of pure taste , and statesmanly discretion , when no foolish person is found to chuse an erroneous principle as the support of a sound conclusion , or to eke out a just claim with an exorbitant pretension ; when three millions of people , labouring under disabilities which are grievous to every man in proportion to his property , his talents , his activity , his patriotism , and his desire of honourable distinction , wear a countenance of cheerfulness and content , when the laws that regulate man 's moral nature are suspended , then , and not till then , they will vote for concession . Is this justice ? Is this wisdom ? And one is almost tempted to add , is this sincerity ? But suppose that by some miracle these conditions were fulfilled , suppose this torpor to seize the Catholics , suppose them , I will not say to urge , but to state their requests with all that cautious propriety , with all that discreet languor , which their adversaries seem to require . Why , Sir , what is the language we should then hear , what is the language which we have formerly heard from the same gen- 937 tleman ? We should be told , triumphantly told , that emancipation was not a measure required by the state of Ireland , but only the pretence of a faction on this side of the water ; Ireland , they would say , is perfectly tranquil under the present system , and would you make such a change quite gratuitously , would you offer redress where there is no grievance , and subvert the present happy order of things in the vague hope of remote advantage ? The Catholics in reality care very little about their claim ; they only state it pro formâ as it were , and with no expectation whatever that you will grant it . If they were in earnest , if they had any real reliance on the justice of their cause , we should see some symptoms of discontent , and they would urge it with greater eagerness and heat . So let the Catholics do what they may , let them be eager or let them be lukewarm , let them be tranquil or let them be turbulent , their claim is sure to be encountered by an unanswerable argument arising from the tone and temper in which they prefer it . But after all , Sir , what is this outrageous insolence , what is this unpardonable crime by which they have forfeited those most valuable privileges to which they would otherwise have been entitled ? One would really think that they had thrown off their allegiance , engaged in a traitorous correspondence with France , or broken out into open rebellion . But what is the fact ? Why , that during the whole time the question has been under discussion , there has been no Catholic rebellion , there has been no Catholic insurrection , there has been no disturbance originating in the Catholics as a body , there has not been so much as a Catholic affray in the streets . The only exception , if an exception it can be called , to the general