legislature . Sir , a reason assigned by the hon . member , who last spoke , for his change of opinion , is , that the sense of the people of England is against the measure . Supposing , for a moment , that the fact were so , to a much greater extent than it really is , would it afford a fair argument for precluding an enquiry and adjustment ? I consider it , under any circumstances , an invidious and dangerous topic , to cite the opinion of the people of one part of the empire , against the claims of the people of another part of it ; but to cite it as an argument against the full discussion of their claims , seems utterly unwarrantable . But , when it is recollected that the Union was urged upon the Catholics of Ireland , under the strong expectation that facilities would be consequently afforded to the accomplishment of their wishes , is it not something very like dishonesty , to press into the service , against their claims , the opinion of the people of England , and its authority with an English parliament ? If this question were now under discussion in an Irish parliament , granted to be in itself just and expedient , called for by all the Catholics and by a great majority of the Protestants of Ireland , would it be endured , as an argument , that the cry of the people of England was against it ? You 812 have taken away that parliament , under the assurance that , in a British parliament , that might be safely done , which in an Irish parliament , might be difficult or dangerous , and now you say , 'true , the measure is right , but the difficulty grows from its being discussed in an English parliament , because such a parliament must defer to the prejudices of the English , at the expence of the rights of the Irish people , ' It may be said that the people of England are no parties to such a compact ; but I would appeal to the noble lord , who , if he did not guarantee it as a compact , was at least a very principal mover in holding it out as an inducement , whether he can countenance such a topic ? or can he link himself with those who have , by every indirect method , endeavoured to excite the people of England , in order to fabricate the argument ? Sir , the opinion of the people is undoubtedly entitled to a respectful attention ; it is to be listened to—to be canvassed , and , if sound and reasonable , to be deferred to ; but the clamour of the people of either country is not to silence the deliberations of parliament , still less the opinion of a partial and very limited portion of that people ; still less an opinion founded on imperfect views ; still less an opinion founded upon gross prejudices , excited and kindled by artful and interested misrepresentation , and for the very purpose of preventing fair discussion . The opinion of the people of both countries is to be looked to , and the reasonable foundations of the opinions of both ; and , in so doing , it is always to be recollected , that the sentiments of the Catholics are not to be the less regarded on account of their being principally condemned in one part of the united kingdom , but if , either from prudence or affection , they would be respected if interspersed through the counties of Great Britain , they are not the less entitled to attention , because they constitute four-fifths of the most vulnerable , and not least productive portion , of the empire . The question , it is true , is an imperial one : Why ? Because Ireland is identified with your interest and happiness , and glory ; her interests are yours , and therefore Irish policy is imperial policy ; but it seem