by ministers more than thirty years ago , as a hostile measure against France , fortified his opinion as to the probable effect of the present Bill with reference to America . With a view of depriving the French in those days of these very same articles , the exportation of them from England was prohibited . What followed ? No inconvenience or annoyance was suffered by the French ; but they instantly erected machinery for manufacturing copper near Rouen , supplied themselves with all they required for their navy—other mills had since been established in that 741 country , and the export of copper to France from this country was lost for ever . Was it unreasonable to say , that the same cause would produce a similar effect with regard to America ? He therefore opposed the Bill upon every principle of public duty , and from an anxiety to protect the copper mines and manufactories of England from being thus unnecessarily exposed to irretrievable loss . He still hoped ministers would give up the Bill : if not , he should at least have the consolation of reflecting , that he had done all in his power to prevent the mischief it was calculated to inflict upon this country . supported the Bill upon the grounds of its always having been the practice during war to prohibit the exportation of these articles . argued against the Bill , and stated that no answer whatever had been given to the facts and arguments of his hon . friend . also opposed the Bill , stating that it was well known that iron mills for rolling iron had long been in use in America , and that those mills could be easily applied to the rolling of copper . supported the Bill : but upon the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Mr. Robinson agreed to put off the third reading for a week , in order that the subject might receive further consideration of the Board of Trade . presented nine Petitions—of Roman Catholics of the county of Clare ; of the county of Wexford ; of the county and city of Water-ford ; of the county of Sligo ; of the county and city of Cork ; of the county and city of Kilkenny ; of King 's county ; of the county of Galway ; and of the Roman Catholics of Ireland ; whose names are there-undersigned , on behalf of themselves and of others professing the Roman Catholic religion ; setting forth , 742 `` That the petitioners can not but regard with deep concern those statutes which restrain and limit the exercise of the right of religious worship , and impose conditions and penalties that seem to them as unjust in their principles as they are injurious to the vital interests of true religion ; and that the petitioners consider those statutes as originating in causes which no longer operate , and of which no trace at present exists , and as expressive of sentiments , with regard to the nature and extent of religious liberty , which no longer prevail , at a period when the subjects of the British empire , however they may differ with regard to the principles of their religion , and their mode of professing it , concur in a cordial attachment to the family on the throne , and when enlightened views of religious liberty , and a corresponding liberality of spirit , have been diffused among religious professions of all denominations ; and that the petitioners , expressing their lively gratitude for the concessions made to their religious rights in the course of the present reign , earnestly but respectfully pray , that every remaining penal statute , which extends its operation to the province of religion , may be repealed , and that , whilst they conduct themselves as loyal , obedient , and peaceable subjects to the state , they , in common with all their fellow citizens , may be put in possession of complete religious freedom , and allowed to worship their Maker , and maintain their Christian profession ,