fellow-subjects ; but no man has yet undertaken to point out or put before the House or the country , in any tangible form , the nature of such dangers or the source from which they are to flow . Sir , I am aware that there is a pretty general , though indefinite idea , of the influence maintained by the Catholic clergy over their flocks , and a notion that this influence may , and will , be employed , for purposes dangerous to the Protestant establishment in church and state . But , supposing this influence to exist to the utmost degree , to which the imagination of any person can carry him , I never yet could learn , nor have I ever heard it stated in argument , why the danger from it should increase , if some of the causes of complaint , some of the sources of irritation which now exist among the great mass of the Catholic population in Ireland , were removed . With regard however , to the degree of influence , which does in fact exist , although I will not deny that it is , in some degree , to be found in Ireland , yet I will venture to say that it has been and is upon the decline . I say this , without fear of being contradicted by those who are best acquainted with the internal state of that part of the united kingdom , and , if we consider the grounds , upon which the blind submission of the people , to the dictates of their priests , mainly rested , we shall see that many of the causes which produced this effect , have ceased to operate . Observe what , a very few years ago , was the situation of the Irish peasant : —born and brought up upon some mountainous or neglected tract , he was frequently uninstructed , even in the language of his Protestant fellow subjects . No opportunities were afforded to him of having those principles instilled into his mind , by which men are taught to become good citizens and loyal subjects of the state under the protection of which they live . He had no friend to whom he could apply for relief under his distresses , for advice as to his conduct , but the priest to whom he was attached by the connection of a common language and by the ties of 839 a common religion . Certainly , Sir , it was very probable that , under such circumstances , the Catholic peasant of Ireland might become a dangerous instrument in the hands of a designing leader . But this was the case , not because he was Catholic , but because he was neglected and ignorant : —I trust and believe , Sir , that a better order of things is now opening to our view . Every year shews an increasing degree of intelligence among that most important part of the community . Looking at the subject in this point of view , I confess it appears to me that much consolation is to be derived from some of the reports now upon the table of this House.—I allude , Sir , to the reports made by the commissioners for enquiring into the state of public education in Ireland . These reports , Sir , whilst they exhibit a lamentable want of those facilities , which ought to have been afforded to the furtherance of such an object , present , at the same time , a most gratifying picture of the eager desire , which is manifested by the great mass of the population of Ireland , Catholic as well as Protestant , to procure , for their children , the advantages of education . These reports , Sir , relate to various parts of Ireland . They have perhaps made a particular impression upon my mind , because it happens to me to be able to add my testimony to the same effect with respect to another part of that island . I can not easily forget , Sir