solemn ceremonies and tremendous denunciations , passing sentence of excommunication against every person who should violate it . It was Catholics that founded the House of Commons of England , in which we sit this night , discussing the propriety of granting them a participation in the constitution . Common dangers should be repelled by united efforts . You , Mr. Speaker , have twice read from your chair , solemnly , and , I trust , impressively , the last will and testament of the late parliament , executed by 237 members of it , and attested by 106 witnesses , other members of the same parliament , date 23d June 1812 ; resolving to take into their serious consideration the state of the laws affecting his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Great Britain and Ireland , with a view to 877 final conciliation , and to the strength and peace of the United Kingdom , and I think see , in the hand of the right hon . judge of the Irish prerogative court , ( Dr. Duigenan ) either a protest granted to the present parliament to carry that will into effect , or a caveat ; —but I can not suppose the latter , after he has formerly declared his decided opinion nearly in these words before the Union : — '' That we are one people with the British nation.—The Protestant body in the whole empire would be so great—that all rivalship and animosities between Protestants and Romanists would cease for ever , and it would be unnecessary to curb the Romanists by any restrictive laws whatever . '' After this declaration , I trust that the right hon . and learned doctor must vote , at least for committing the Catholic petition , which is all I pledge myself to at present . [ He then cited the opinions of Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , Mr. Burke , Mr. Windham , Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Grenville , bishop of Norwich , Mr. Locke , judge Blackstone , & c. in favour of Catholic emancipation . ] Millions of Catholics have shed their best blood both at sea and on land , in defence of the constitution ; and are these the people , about whom it is idle to take any interest , or to trust ? The more interest you give the Catholics in the constitution , the more they will exert themselves to maintain what their blessings spring out of ; and no country can be blessed and prosperous in which the people are discontented by exclusions from blessings . He quoted the statutes of 1779 , 1781 , and 1793 , passed in Ireland in the administrations of the two noble lords , members of the present cabinet , and stated the very words of these statutes as follows , viz . `` Whereas from the uniform good behaviour of the Roman Catholics for more than a century past , they deserve well , and it must tend , not only to the cultivation and improvement of Ireland , but to the prosperity and strength of all his Majesty 's dominions , and that all his subjects should be bound together by mutual interests , and mutual affections , and that all his Majesty 's subjects , of all denominations and descriptions , should enjoy the blessings of our free constitution , and that all persons of whatever persuasion , as have heretofore taken , or who shall hereafter take the oath , and subscribe the declaration , prescribed by the 13th and 11th of Geo . 3 , and the oath of the 33d of Geo . 3 , ch . 21 , ought to be 878 considered as good and loyal subjects to his Majesty , his crown , and government ; '' and yet being cajoled , they are now told that they are not to be trusted , unless they abandon their religion altogether , notwithstanding this legislative enactment , and the treaty of Limerick in 1691 . He then adverted to the conduct , of the Irish government when lord Westmoreland was lord lieutenant