had increased , and consequently its worth diminished . Now the case was not so , and this fact afforded another argument in confirmation of the fallacy of their reasoning . For his part , he found a sufficient cause for the rise of gold in the vast augmentation of our foreign expenditure : and still more in the total interruption of the supplies of the precious metals from South America , which in itself was sufficient to account for the advance upon those metals in the market . The circumstances of the present year were also somewhat remarkable . After the debates of last session the price of bullion remained for some time pretty steady ; but of late it had risen suddenly to the extent stated by the hon . gentleman opposite . It had so risen on the opening of the intercourse with Russia , whence an excessive demand had occasioned a similar rise all over Europe . The nostrum of the Bullion Committee was to resume payments in cash ; but where was it to be got ? The mines of America were stopped , and the balance of trade was against us with every other country . It appeared then , that we must cither have sacrificed our political prospects , withdrawn our army from the continent , and have surrendered the hopes of 230 Europe , or we must , for the present , have continued the bank restrictions . Happily for our character , honour , and greatness , the latter alternative had been adopted.—The right hon . gentleman then went into a justification of his resolution recorded last session ; and contended that the paper of the Bank of England was , for all legal purposes , equivalent to coin : though certainly not so to those who wished to melt it down , or make it the subject of foreign trade , which , however , was , and had long been , contrary to the laws I of the land . Could it have been possible to enforce these penal laws vigilantly and perfectly , gold would have had no other value than paper of the same denomination , and the only difference between them was , that the one could be converted into bullion , the other could not . The anomaly of light guineas had been much animadverted on , but this was no new case ; there were abundant instances in our history , of light guineas being more valuable than standard coin , long before the Bank restriction was ever thought of . The enormous profits of the Bank had also been dwelt upon : to this he would , bear testimony , that the Bank was an unwilling party to those measures whence the profits accrued , and which were forced , upon it by the government of the country , . The Bank had ever evinced a desire to be released from these restrictions , and the preparations it made for resuming payments in specie were a sufficient proof of its readiness so to do , when it could be permitted consistently with the public good . The practical question now was , whether the period had arrived , when they could give up the safeguards that had ; been imposed for the preservation of our metallic currency , and to protect the public generally from individual vexation and oppression ? All that the public wanted was to go on quietly with the currency hey were used to ; but this , it was in the power of any one to disturb , unless the present law was passed to protect debtors from the exaction of payments in a medium , which it was out of their power to obtain . The act had arisen out of the provocation of one individual , but for whom they might have been quiet yet , and the necessity for the law never have been raised . It was now indispensible to protect the subject from grievous oppression : and he submitted that there were stronger reasons for its continuance I than even for its being originally