splendour , the greatness of his talents . He struck the enemy with his spear the moment he saw an opening . But were we to hope for that again—was that a ground to build upon ? His talents , indeed , were a firm and secure rock on which any hopes , any expectations , however great , however exalted , might be founded ; but it ill became statesmen to calculate upon chances and occasions presenting themselves , for success in operations upon the prosperous issue of which so much depended . Did the ministry mean to say that their system was raised solely upon the resplendent abilities of a consummate general , and upon the errors of the enemy ? Did they mean to affirm that all their plans amounted only to that ? The battle of Salamanca was certainly productive of great events ; the evacuation of the South of 27 Spain ; the raising of the siege of Cadiz , and the occupation of Madrid by our troops . But did it secure those advantages ? Did they remain permanent ? Was lord Wellington able to pursue Marmont ? No . He was not able to do that , which so obviously he ought to have done , because Joseph 's army , reinforced by the corps from Suchet , was hanging on his flank , and afterwards on his rear . It was necessary to disperse that army . He did so , and entered Madrid . Could he then march southward to pursue the career of his conquests ? No . He found that the corps which he had so lately defeated , the army over which he had so recently triumphed , was strong again , and he was compelled to direct his course to the north once more , to meet them . Then followed the siege of Burgos , and all he should say upon that subject was , that so far from considering as a disappointment the failure of lord Wellington in his attempt to reduce that fortress—it was madness to suppose that a fortress of such a description could be reduced by a few guns . He could not conceive , indeed , how any calculations founded upon success could be entertained , when lord Wellington 's means were confessedly inadequate according to all the established rules of war . Again , when it was understood , so far back as the month of June last , that lord Wellington was advancing into Spain , was it possible not to see that France , being engaged in a war with Russia , must necessarily detach a great part of her force to that quarter of Europe , and that then was the moment , not only in reference to that event , but also to the temper of the Spanish nation , to send out sufficient reinforcements to enable lord Wellington to proceed upon a large and effective scale of operations ? Without such reinforcements it was manifestly imprudent to advance into Spain . He ( marquis Wellesley ) at that period holding the seals of office , had repeatedly urged in his dispatches that it would be highly dangerous to advance into Spain without such a commanding force , and such co-operation as would almost secure success ; under any other circumstances it was not only disadvantageous to the cause , but it was perilous to the parties . Now , how was lord Wellington reinforced ? On the 21st of October he thought it necessary to retire from Burgos : on the 25th he saw the French army , and we knew from his dispatches that they were greatly superior to his own 28 force , especially in cavalry , the most dreadful of all species of superiority in that country . He ( marquis Wellesley ) had a right therefore to assume , that on the 25th of October , that army which lord Wellington had conquered on the plains of Salamanca , that army which he had driven before him on that memorable day , with a grandeur of military achievement which the language