produced that effect ? Or has it not , on the contrary , been followed by the most positive and peremptory declarations , both of the Roman Catholic prelacy and laity , against the grant of any additional securities ? I refer to the Resolution of the Roman Catholic body , in Dublin , of the 5th of November , and to that of the Roman Catholic prelates of the 18th of the same month , which were read by my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) on a preceding evening ; and all the recent publications of the Roman Catholics , which have met the public eye , avow the same determination . Why , then , if these can not be denied to be the authorized and authentic declarations of the Roman Catholic body—if they will grant you no securities to supply the place of those , which you must repeal , what hope is there of answering any beneficial object , by acceding to the motion of the right hon . gentleman ? On former occasions , the right hon . gentleman thought it right to recommend his motion to the adoption of the House , by informing them , not only of the general outline of his plan , but of some , if not of all , the securities , which he hoped , at the time , the Roman Catholics might be prevailed upon to grant . On that principle he , one year , suggested the Veto . Another year , on finding that the Roman Catholics would not hear of the Veto , he suggested a species of domestic nomination as a substitute . The Roman Catholics were equally firm in resisting every species of domestic nomination . And now , defeated in his hopes of proposing any measures which can , by possibility , be deemed an adequate security , by those who think any security necessary , the right hon . gentleman desists from any similar suggestions , but contents himself with moving , as before , for a committee ; —contending , that there is , in his opinion , no danger , and , consequently , no need of any securities at all . The right hon . gentleman is , however , almost single in that opinion . The ne- 946 cessity of securities has been generally admitted and contended for , even by those most anxious to support the motion ; and yet only two have been specified—the Veto , by the hon . baronet ( sir John Hippisley ) and the Domestic Nomination , by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) ; and the attainment of either is acknowledged to be impracticable , even by the right hon . mover himself . Why , then , Sir , is it not a novel proceeding for the House to consent to go into a committee , and upon a question of such importance , when almost every individual in the House contends that securities must be found ; and no one individual has suggested any one security , which there is the slightest chance of obtaining , when the Roman Catholic body considers the demand for securities as an insult to their allegiance ? But it is said , that the House will give offence to the Roman Catholic body , by refusing to take their claims into consideration . Yes ; but what are we doing at this moment ? Is not the House employed in considering their claims ? What have we been doing for years past ; Is there a single question in the whole range of the foreign or domestic policy of the country , which has occupied so much of the time of the House , session after session , as the consideration of the claims of the Roman Catholics ? Hive they not been discussed year after year—sometimes more than once in the same session—in debates protracted for nights together , and with a gravity proportionate to the importance of the subject ? There is , therefore , no ground for contending , that you close