provision of an increased proportion of Sinking Fund for so much of the loan of each year as might exceed the sum applicable to the redemption of the debt . To both these measures I now wish to call the attention of the Committee . Early in the summer the Redemption of the Land Tax was referred to the consideration of two noblemen , to whose labours on this important subject the public have already been greatly indebted ; I mean the Lords Commissioners for the Redemption of Ecclesiastical Land Tax , lord Auckland and lord Glenbervie . These noblemen , whose diligence and ability can not be too highly praised , have made a Report on the subject to the Treasury , which , by order of the House , has been laid upon its table , and referred to this Committee . Among many just remarks contained in that Report , on which it is intended to found a Bill , which I shall shortly have the honour to submit to the House , there is one leading principle on which I chiefly depend for success ; that 1081 of simplifying the mode of the Redemption of the Land Tax , and freeing it from tedious and troublesome formalities . It is proposed that upon a simple notice to the collector of the Land Tax , the form of which will be printed and distributed at the time of the collection , any person desirous of redeeming the charge upon him , by a temporary increase of the amount of his assessment , shall be entitled , after the payment for a certain number of years of an assessment , double or treble , at his option , of that which he now pays , to be finally and totally discharged from the Land Tax , as if he had contracted for , and redeemed it in the usual manner . By these means all formalities will be avoided , all journies and trouble will be spared , and the party paying at his own home to the collector , whose periodical visits he expects , will find himself relieved from the charge now borne by him , by a succession of payments so moderate as at no time to be felt as a burden . I can not but look forward with considerable expectation of success to the execution of a plan so simple , and apparently so inviting . The second measure , which appeared when I mentioned it last year to be received with general approbation , is that of an increased Sinking Fund on that part of the loan of every year which exceeds the amount of the Sinking Fund already existing at that time . The proportion which I mean to recommend is one half of the interest of such excess of the loan beyond the Sinking Fund . I prefer a proportion of interest , to one founded on the capital stock created , because it adapts itself more fairly to the different funds in which the loan may be raised , and corresponds more accurately with the sum of money actually borrowed . I wish also to submit to the Committee a measure which on former occasions I have recommended to the House , that of providing by an annual grant to the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt , some counterbalance to the great increase of the unfunded debt in Exchequer Bills . I wish to see the principle of Act of 1792 , that at the creation of every debt , means should be provided for its ultimate redemption , applied not only to the funded debt , but to so much of the unfunded as partakes of a permanent nature . Considerable sums have at various times been raised , and some of them as early as the year 1795 , upon Exchequer Bills which have been 1082 renewed from year to year , and may now be considered as a permanent addition to the public debt , although no provision has yet been made for their redemption . I should therefore propose that an annual