under lord Harrington , rather more meritorious . As the former one would take away the dragoon 's boots , so the latter would deprive him of his breeches . Laughable as this seemed , it was the fact ; the heavy dragoon was to have white worsted web 1165 pantaloons , and on home service , blue worsted web pantaloons ! This might do very well for Bond street , but certainly it was very unfit for foreign service . Now , the reason for making these alterations was , that the colonel of a regiment , on the new articles , made a profit of about 700l . per annum , as he could prove , by a paper he held in his hand , though the men would be worse off by 380l . A great expence was likewise to be incurred by the saddlecloths , to please some idle , paltry , and contemptible taste . He objected to the enormous expense of these things . ' An officer 's jacket cost him 23l . his pelisse 21l . and his pantaloons 4l . ; his cap , belt , & c. 60l . This he learned from his tailor ; and his saddler informed him that the horse furniture came to eight guineas . Altogether the expense was 108l . said , that although the noble lord had congratulated the House on the flourishing state of the army , yet , when the subject came to be inquired into , it would be found , that of the 10,000 additional troops which had been added to our forces , but 2,000 were British . By referring to the Gazette it would be seen , that the number of English troops who fell in action was far greater than that of foreign troops ; but , to make up this loss , it would appear from the noble lord 's account , that , for one Englishman , there were four foreigners enlisted—if this continued , our army would soon consist entirely of foreigners . By the noble lord 's statement of casualties , it should seem that in the last three months , they amounted to near 4,000 men , in the peninsula ; but in the account which had been laid before the country , they were estimated at only 1,500 . Why , he would ask , were not fair accounts published ? He was not afraid of looking the difficulties of the country in the face , but he wished to know them correctly . The hon . gentleman , in speaking of the means resorted to for supplying the army , reprobated the custom of draining the militia , which he considered most dangerous . He next adverted to the establishment of the Military College : he agreed in the necessity of such an institution ; but thought it was not placed on a foundation sufficiently broad and extensive . In the junior department there was only the small number of 412 young men On whom a public military education was bestowed . This was a number altogether insignificant , when it was considered that there was a standing army of 1166 300,000 men . In the senior department there was a number still more contemptibly small , only thirty officers . Some good officers had however , certainly been formed , by the service they had seen on the peninsula ; but , he did not think , that , in general , they were capable of applying the information which was there to be obtained , in consequence of the original defects of their education . But , if the principle of granting military instruction were extended , they would be able , in time of peace , to form a body of efficient officers , ready to repel any hostile attack . He regretted extremely that the noble lord had not applied himself , to devise means for diminishing the military expenditure of the country , which was enormously great and rapidly increasing , and concluded by recommencing a thorough change in the constitution of the army .