committee to examine whether any , and what substitute for the present tests can be found . The Ro-man Catholics themselves have declared that nothing short of unconditional repeal of all disabling statutes will satisfy them . They have rejected all attempt at compromise ; they have protested against all idea of substitute . Sir , I am as far as any man from breathing the spirit of intolerance , or maintaining the doctrines of persecution . I would have our country open wide her gates , and welcome all who would enter ; but I would not throw clown her walls , nor diminish the security of her bulwarks . I would have her afford an asylum to all who fly to her for protection ; but I would not entrust her vital interests to those who refuse to sacrifice at the altars of her church . `` Esto perpetua '' was the motto of our virtuous ancestors , the banner under which they fought , that they might bequeath it unimpaired to posterity . Let us , then , to whom this invaluable inheritance has been transmitted , in all its genuine purity and pristine vigour , guard it with the same watchful fidelity ; let us be animated with the same zeal ; let our bosoms glow with the same affection ; and , above all , let us not endanger its repose , by the total annihilation of all distinctions between its friends and its enemies ; let us not encourage a rivalry , the most dangerous of all rivalries , a rivalry between two conflicting powers , struggling , upon equal terms , for political ascendancy , and aggravated by all the characteristic virulence of religious animosity . It is well known that , at the time of the Revolution , all the political parties , and all the religious sects , into which the Protestant part of the community was then divided , whatever might be their mutual animosity upon all other points , united in their exertions to exclude despotic sway from our civil government , and in providing for the security of the Protestant religion in these realms . I now call upon all who sincerely wish to promote the general 777 satisfaction and concord of far the greatest proportion of his Majesty 's subjects ( for of all classes it is impossible ) ; I call upon all such , however differing in the more unimportant points of religious doctrines , however opposed to each other , in their struggles for political influence , to discard , as their ancestors did , all party feeling upon this national question ; to unite , as they did , in the same common cause , to manifest the same cordial co-operation in resisting a measure equally hostile to Protestants of all denominations , equally repugnant to all the principles , however diversified , of every friend to limited monarchy ; I call upon them to demonstrate , by their vote of this night , that , as Popery is not changed , Protestantism also is unaltered . addressed the House , in a maiden speech , as follows : Mr. Speaker , if I have not been able to restrain the impulse which prompted me to avow the opinion I conscientiously hold on this momentous subject , at least . Sir , I will endeavour to merit the indulgence of the House by the only means I possess ; by trespassing , for a very short time , upon its patience . Sir , the honourable gentleman who immediately preceded me , and who spoke with a degree of temper and candour which it shall be my study to imitate , has told us that we have no right to avail ourselves of the authority of Mr. Pitt , certainly a very high authority , in favour of the Catholic claims , because he has an idea that Mr. Pitt might possibly , in the latter years of his life , have changed his opinion on the subject ; yet , Sir , as , even in his opinion this circumstance seems to