only to discourage the growth of Popery by all the means in their power , but also to take every opportunity of discouraging any opinions , which might have a tendency to diminish the fear of Popery , as opinions injurious to the establishment . A more injurious , a more illiberal mode of proceeding than this can not possibly be devised , nor one which has a stronger tendency to revive the outrages which contending sects exercised upon each other in remoter ages . At one time I thought we were to have the right hon . gentleman in favour of going into the committee . For , said he , if you can shew me any securities which will be effectual for obviating the dangers to be apprehended from this innovation , I will consent to go into the Committee . Nothing could be fairer than such a declaration , 956 `` But when at Heaven 's gate St. Peter seemed To wait him with his keys— A violent cross wind from either coast Blew him transverse ten thousand leagues away Into the devious air : and there he saw Cowls , hoods , and habits with their wearers— ————————reliques , and beads , Indulgences , dispenses , pardons , bulls . '' We fairly lost him in Limbo . No sooner had the right hon . gentleman made this seeming advance , than he at once retreated into his former inflexibility . But yet the right hon . gentleman stated certain things , in the event of which he thought it might be safe to make concessions . The first of these events was the death of Buonaparté . I do not , Sir , impute to the right hon . gentleman any wish that the ruler of France should be taken off by unfair means ; but I can not help expressing my surprise and indignation at seeing in the public prints the most horrible doctrines again advanced on this subject , such as the necessity of marching to peace over the dead body of that man . I never can consent to the `` deep damnation of his taking off '' or of any man but by fair means ; and if concession to the Catholics be contingent on the unfair death of Buonaparté , let their cause be hopeless . Another condition is , that the Catholics should give up the spiritual supremacy of the Pope : and last year the right hon . gentleman wanted an Irish Pope at Ballyshannon . Sir , if there is any thing peculiarly taunting—if there is any thing more likely to provoke sufferers to madness , it is stating terms which are ridiculous , and fixing upon them conditions which it is impossible for them to perform . The right hon . gentleman says their exclusion is their own fault , they have but to conform . This , Sir , was the dreadful mode employed towards the unhappy victims , tortured by the rack of the Inquisition , in order to extort from them confessions of crimes of which they were innocent . To the holiest of the Martyrs it may have been said , `` Only declare your disbelief of certain doctrines : '' to Servetus , `` Only say you believe in the Trinity ; '' and so to all other sufferers . `` You are all foolish people , and your sufferings are all your own fault . '' The expiring man might say , `` I may be released from my agonies , but exquisite as my torments are , I will not consent to be relieved from temporal misery , at the expence of eternal punishment . '' We say to the Catholic , `` You 957 may be a judge , a general , an admiral , a commander in chief . If you are not , the fault is your own . Why do n't you renounce your creed ? '' The answer is ready : — '' What shall a man give in exchange for his own soul ? I shew you that I do give you security