meeting any inculpatory observations to which it might give rise hereafter . The right hon . gentleman had touched on one or two other points which required little notice . It was true , as he stated , that the British government had never endeavoured to force through neutrals their manufactures into France . With regard to the mission 88 of Henry , he did not think it necessary that ministers should publish any disavowal of it now . They had disavowed it in their places in parliament , as the right hon . gentleman had done to-night , and like him declared they never knew of it until published by the American government . That the hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) had not pursued his charge upon it with greater eagerness , was a pretty strong proof that no blame could be thrown on ministers on that account ; and besides all this , he had to assure the right hon . gentleman , that government had disavowed it to the American cabinet , to satisfy whom they had sent over all the papers with which they were acquainted on the subject . He was not aware that he had occasion to trouble the House at any further length , though he would be happy to give every information in his power . It was with extreme pleasure he found , that instead of the usual opposition on such opportunities as the present , the object of all seemed rather to be to join in gratulations on the prosperous stale of affairs , and the general improving aspect of Europe . ( Here some disapprobation was evinced on the Opposition bench ) . He challenged the House to say when a Speech was delivered on the opening of parliament , which contained so bright a catalogue of success , or displayed a more marked prospect of amendment or advantage to the country . ( Hear ! ) If they could not say that the enemy was altogether discomfited , and finally and effectually repressed , yet they never before could say that they saw him so dangerously involved in two great wars in the opposite extremities of Europe . These were wars in which he was not merely committed against the governments of countries , but in which the nations were arrayed against him . They were not , as heretofore , wars productive of means to recruit his resources , augment his forces , and from his conquests reap the sinews of extended conquests . Though he could drag his tributary states into the field , and amass a powerful force from those whom he had already overcome , yet in the great scale on which he was engaged , he met with no aids to enable him to carry on the war vigorously ; he only met with national resistance , and was obliged to bring his supplies with him , and exhaust his resources from the people over whom he exercises his rigorous sway , for he could not find them in the country he invaded . 89 In Russia the spirit of desperate opposition to his aggressions was , as noticed in the Speech , unparalleled in history . The people of that country had been spoken of as barbarians , and as being a century behind other nations in civilization , but could they find in any country a resistance to invasion equal to that glorious spirit which was now displayed , firing every rank and description of men in the vast Russian empire ? Nor was it for courage alone that the Russians had shone conspicuous during this contest ; that heroic valour , for which they were famed on former occasions , was not now their only praise . The military councils and skill of the commanders also shone pre-eminently ; and the whole conduct of the campaign proved them to be equal to the most difficult situations and trying emergencies . The retreat of the numerous great bodies of troops from the Niemen to Moskwa , and the able and judicious manner in which it was conducted under