what he thought should be the provisions for the Catholic clergy . This subject had been discussed again and again , and the Catholic bishops had determined that their clergy should take no payments but from their own flocks . He was of opinion they ought not to be paid by the public , nor should they if they wished it . Far be it from him to say how bishoprics were acquired ; all he knew was , that the influence arising from the right to confer them was great , and , if in addition to the English and Irish bishoprics , the Catholic Were placed at the back of them , government would soon become despotic . If the Catholics were to concede the right of Veto , he hoped the denomination of Veto-men would be applied to them ; they would deserve it . He felt it to be his duty to take his humble share in the present discussion . His duty naturally imposed it on him , feeling as he did , that the welfare of his native country required the removal of all religious disabilities and distinctions ; by which every man might be at liberty to make his peace with the Almighty in his own way , and be taught to do to others as he would wish others to do to him . On a system of conciliation , and on a speedy concession of the points in dispute , he had long been convinced depended the peace and happiness , not of Ireland , but of England also , and the security and integrity of the British empire . The hon . member for Corfe Castle ( Mr. Bankes ) had told the House that concession to the Catholics would endanger the established religion and the established government . Oh , matchless ignorance ! oh , matchless intolerance nine tenths of the property , as well as of the numerical force and ability of Ireland were favourable to the Catholic claims . All parties , indeed , were favourable to Catholic emancipation except the government , which was now viewed in Ireland with that contempt which it deserved . Its acts exhibited one continued scene of bigotry and intolerance from one year 's end to the other ; and the people of Ireland had now begun to see the folly and criminality of 855 excluding from their natural right five millions of their fellow-citizens , for the sake of exalting a few who were already too highly and unduly exalted , at the expence of the equally undue degradation of the great body of the people . The greatest part of the petitions which had been presented against the Catholic claims had been carried through in a clandestine manner , in a manner very different indeed from that in which the petitions in favour of the Catholics had been agreed to ; particularly the petition which he himself had presented from Tipperary . He contended , that if it were only for the late important victories gained by our armies , principally composed of Irish Catholics , they were entitled to the community of rights for which they now applied . Ireland at present furnished a greater proportion towards the defence of the empire than England did , and yet England continued to keep her best defenders in a state of slavery , and ruled over the fertile and beautiful country of Ireland with a rod of iron . In proportion as a government required to use the bayonet to controul the people , in the same proportion must there be something bad in the system . It the Catholics were cordially united to this country , by feeling a community of interest in her welfare , the country would indeed , be rendered powerful , and we should no longer need to have recourse to foreign defenders , contrary to the enactments in that great palladium of our liberties , Magna Charta . Neither should we any longer be forced to continue that disgraceful system of forcing men on board our fleets against their will , never probably to