God 's sake not to leave the criminals for execution ! '' It was ascertained that those who were offering up the petitions so fervently , were actually the prosecutors ; and they admitted the offence , and the justice of the sentence , but said that the poor men 's lives ought to be spared—for life was valuable . Such had ever been the case , and if the judges were not so to run a race of humanity with the prosecutors , their carriage wheels would be so obstructed that they would be unable to move . It had the happiest effects , it communicated mercy to those who merited it , while the law was to be called into action against greater offenders . The severity of the law was not too much for some 572 cases ; for the utmost rigour was sometimes called for out of mercy to society . He should not detain the House longer on the present occasion , as there would be further opportunities to examine the proposed bills of his hon . and learned friend ; he had now addressed them for the sole purpose of doing away that prejudicial impression which might be made on the public mind , had the statement gone forth to the world without some observations being made upon it . , alluding to the remark of the hon . and learned mover , that this country was reproached by foreigners for the barbarity of its criminal code , observed , that they expressed such opinion from a knowledge of our criminal law , without knowing how it was administered . Had they seen the manner in which those laws were administered , they never could have expressed such opinion . Adverting to the punishment of the persons convicted of stealing silk on the river Thames , he expressed the extreme regret that he felt at hearing his hon . and learned friend say that the crime was aggravated by the value of the commodity stolen . With respect to the general jurisprudence of the country , every endeavour was made to govern strictly by the law , in spite of the difficulty which existed in doing so ; nor were those extraordinary interpositions usual which in despotic countries were habitual . He hoped the new parliament would apply itself diligently to this subject , that it would consider the actual situation of the country , and that it would allow the continuance of that kind of discretion on the part of the judges , from which so much public benefit had hitherto been derived . , misunderstood by the House in general , as he was sorry to observe he had been by his two honourable and learned friends , who had attributed to him many propositions which were by no means his , but which he considered to be as mischievous as they considered them . He wished particularly that his hon . and learned friend , the Solicitor General , would take the trouble of informing himself more correctly as to his opinions , and he would find that they were as opposite as night and day to those which he had ascribed to him . His hon . and learned friend seemed to imagine that he was not disposed to allow the judges any discretion . Now really if his hon . 573 and learned friend had paid the slightest attention to the proceedings in parliament on this subject ; if he had read any of the unauthenticated accounts of those proceedings—if he had examined any of the bills which he had had the honour to introduce into the House , he would have been sensible of the misconception under which he was labouring . He could not help regretting to see every misrepresentation of his sentiments caught at and applauded by those who might have been better informed on the subject . Had he in the slightest degree censured the condemnations of the persons convicted of stealing silk on the river ? —quite the reverse . And yet , to what other purpose than to induce it to be believed