, the consequence would be , that such barley might be steeped twice within the time required . Thus , indeed , the revenue might be completely defrauded . But , according to the assertion of his right hon . friend , the Scotch maltsters were incapable of fraud—according to him , truly , they never had any such disposition—there were no frauds upon the revenue in Scotland , whatever might occur elsewhere . What , however , was the fact ? why , that in the year 1809 , which was the last to which he had referred , the convictions for fraud upon the excise amounted in England to but 1321 , while in Scotland they exceeded 4500 ( a general laugh . ) Then as to 100 hours , applied for by the Scotch petitioners , he undertook to assert , that no barley in nature could require such a period , '' and that.65 hours , which the Bill proposed to grant , were '' amply sufficient for every purpose of saturation . If , however , the contrary should be the case , and a farther extension of time should be found necessary , the Bill was so modelled as to leave room for speedy amendment , which amendment he should be as ready to support as any man ; being at all times 278 ready rather to release some part of the system necessary to check frauds , than to wish any injury or undue inconvenience to the fair trade . asked , whether the convictions for fraud upon the excise in Scotland adverted to by his hon . friend , did not relate to the manufacture of whisky , and not to malting ? answered in the negative . conceiving the Report about to be presented to be that of the Gold Coin Bill , thought proper , before it was presented , to submit a motion to the House . Having failed to make the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ashamed of the third Resolution inserted on the Journals in May last , declaring '' That the promissory notes of the said company have hitherto been , and are at this time , held in public estimation to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , and generally accepted as such in all pecuniary transactions to which such coin is lawfully applicable , '' he thought it necessary , for the sake of truth and the character of the House , to propose that the resolution should be rescinded , which proposition he would submit without any debate . that as the hon . member expressed his intention to propose the rescinding of the Resolution alluded to , without any debate , he should , without any debate , support it . But at the same time he was ready , upon any day that might be appointed , to enter fully into any discussion upon this Resolution , and to justify its terms and character . declaring his desire to take the sense of the House upon this motion , stated , that as his opinions on the subject then before the House were generally known , he would not tire their patience by going at great length into the question , in reference to the law of the land , and the principles of justice . He was disposed to think , that , out of the walls of that House , notwithstanding the assertions of his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , they would not be able to find anyone person who would agree in the Re solution which they had just affirmed , any more than they could , in the ordinary business of life , procure a guinea ; all that description of coin having completely disappeared . If any person could doubt that there was a depreciation of the paper currency , he knew no better mode to convince him of the fact , than by drawing his attention to the Bill then on the table . His right hon . friend had argued , that the