measure of 20 years increase , provided that the pressure of business did not lead to extraordinary exertions on the part of the Lord Chancellor . But it was impossible that there could be any extraordinary exertion ; for the year was wholly occupied by ordinary exertion . He meant that the extraordinary exertion ' could not be to any considerable degree'—because , in August last year , the present Chancellor was occupied a fortnight more than any of his predecessors ; but then the additional time withdrawn for the addition to his political duty was an abatement more than equal to the other . If , therefore , the actual accumulation ( incapable of being kept down by the Chancellor ) was the measure of the increase of business , the question was how long it had proceeded ? Had it proceeded for 20 , or , 523 10 years ? On this subject the documents on the table were by no means satisfactory . All was conjectural in them . For his part , he was disposed to think that the accumulation had existed for a period longer than that of which the House was aware . That it had existed for only ten years would , however , be sufficient for his argument , and he would assume that , therefore , to be the fact ; consequently , the present accumulation represented the increase of ten years . Now , how long would a judge be occupied in reducing it , supposing him to apply himself solely to that task It appeared from the reports upon the table , that there were at present undecided 270 Appeals in the House of Lords , and 30 original causes in the Court of Chancery , besides 60 or 70 which were not original , making in all 470 causes . This was the number set down for hearing ; but it would not be fair to consider them as the number actually to be heard , as many of them were set down in the mere current of business . Therefore , allowing 70 for the current business of the Court , the arrear might be taken at 400 causes . How long then , he repeated , taking the existing accumulation at 400 causes , would a single judge be in subduing it ? If a single judge could subdue this arrear in one year , then would the dispatch of the same increase of business in future occupy only one tenth part of the time of that judge . Viewing the matter as he did , he was persuaded that it would not take above one year of the labour of a single judge to dispatch the whole of the arrear , provided that judge sat on every juridical day . Of such days there were 200 in the twelve months , and so , at the rate of two causes in the day , the whole arrear of 400 causes would be disposed of in one year . But it ought to be recollected that even these 400 causes could not all be efficient . A great many of them proceeded from no other object than delay ; as , wherever an accumulation began to take place , it naturally fed itself , and an arrear of legal business naturally led to an augmentation of arrear . Of the 400 , he could not suppose that fewer than 50 were for delay , the number to be determined was consequently only 350 . It was , as he had already said , his opinion , that a single judge could subdue the accumulation all in one year . This however , was only his private opinion . But , he asked , had the House no mode by which to determine how far this opinion was or was not likely 524 to be well founded ? Had they no standard by which to estimate the number of causes that a judge could hear in a given period ? Unquestionably they had . By the documents on the table it appeared , that on the average