most jealous care , yet I should be far from urging the continuance of those disabilities , if I saw any reasonable prospect of attaining the same end by any other means . Surely , Sir , those gentlemen who are such strenuous advocates of the Roman Catholic claims , ought long ago to have come forward with some specific plan , and to have been able to shew how it is possible to give satisfaction to the Roman Catholics , without endangering the constitution . For myself , Sir , after the best consideration which I have been able to give to the subject , I believe such a plan to be impracticable ; but yet my mind is not only open to conviction , but I feel a strong and eager wish that such a plan could be devised ; and I should listen with something more than impartiality to any definite proposal which might be submitted to this House for that purpose . While , however , gentlemen choose to confine 775 themselves to motions for going into a committee , for the purpose of taking into consideration these disabling statutes , being fully convinced that such consideration would be ineffectual to its proposed object , and only calculated to hold out delusive hopes , I shall feel it my duty to oppose such motions . What has this House been doing for these last twelve years , but considering these very laws ? and here , Sir , it is a little curious to observe accurately the events which have happened within this period . At first even the Papists themselves , however discontented , however ambitious , however encouraged by former success , could not forget the said promises they had made—they knew that the valuable concessions of 1793 had been made , principally , upon a reliance on their promises ; they felt conscious of the unworthy return they had made . With this recollection and this consciousness , they at first urged their claims , as it were , with hesitation , and with a sort of apprehension ; Jest the very mention of such a subject should excite universal reprobation and opposition , not only amongst those who were , upon principle , hostile to their claims , but in the breast of every one who regarded the sacredness of a promise , or detested the baseness of ingratitude . Sir , they quickly found their caution unnecessary , and their apprehensions groundless . They soon saw , among their advocates , persons of distinguished abilities , and or great political influence . When persons of this description had taken a decisive part in favour of the Papists , had pledged themselves by their speeches , and committed themselves by their conduct in and out of parliament , the real leaders , in urging the Popish claims , assumed a bolder language , and a higher tone ; they extended their views , and enlarged their claim . Instead of petitioning parliament , as they formerly did , for such farther indulgence as parliament , in its wisdom , might think fit to allow , they expect an unreserved compliance with all their extravagant demands . The real leaders in the Popish cause have no longer consulted their Protestant advocates , in this country , as to the time or the manner of petitioning the legislature . They have rejected all advice ; and , instead of looking up to their parliamentary friends for instructions , they , the papists , have instructed their parliamentary friends to accede to no terms , to listen to no compromise . And 776 yet those parliamentary friends have consented to support these petitions , fettered and shackled as they are in the line of conduct , they must pursue ; no longer the managers , but the performers of the part they have undertaken to play ; no longer the principals , but the agents of the cause they still continue to defend . As far as giving satisfaction to the Roman Catholics is concerned , no positive advantage can arise from going into a