long sought moment where a fair prospect of success presented itself , was instantaneously seized by the illustrious chief , and improved and followed up to a brilliant result of victory almost unprecedented in the annals of the country . The onset was made , the left of Marmont 's army was completely turned , and the victory became decisive . Nothing shewed more the vast extent and range of his mind , or its scientific adroitness , than the ability which appeared at the time of seizing a favourable moment for disposing an army for immediate and decisive action , which but a few minutes before was prepared for retreat ! —The noble earl proceeded to pass high encomiums upon general Le Marchant , who , very unfortunately for the service , fell in the battle , and also upon general Cotton , who distinguished himself on that occasion . `` Not only , '' said earl Bathurst , `` had the noble marquis immortalized himself in an action like this , so transcendent and brilliant , but under all circumstances his mind has ever discovered itself capable of executing every project suitably to the reverses and the changes of affairs . The events which have now come to our knowledge , Will I am persuaded , afford equal proofs of his military foresight and conception.—My lords , I am not disposed to trespass longer upon your attention ; there is nothing I can say will sufficiently speak the praises due to the marquis of Wellington , whose fame in all those accomplishments which constitute a consummate commander was established long before the brilliant achievement of Salamanca : and if I offer no panegyric in commendation of this hero , attribute it not to a want of anxious zeal , but to a conviction of my inability to perform the task , which belongs 140 to those who are possessed of eloquence . Eulogium , my lords , when not chastened by the powers of eloquence and the judiciousness of taste , becomes unseemly and inflated , and induces a degrading representation of that character which it was intended to praise and recommend . `` —The noble earl concluded by moving , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to Arthur , marquis of Wellington , K. B. for the great and unparalleled skill , gallantry , and conduct displayed by him in the command of the allied troops in Spain , during the whole of the late campaign . But more especially for the achievement of the signal and brilliant Victory over the French army under marshal Marmont at Salamanca , on the 22d of July last , thereby reflecting additional lustre on the British military character . '' said , it was with great and sincere satisfaction he had listened to the just , glowing , and eloquent eulogium which the noble earl had , from his heart , pronounced upon the illustrious subject of the present motion . No person who had the honour to be connected with the family of that illustrious individual who was at the head of our army on the peninsula , could be more anxious to support the proposition now submitted to their lordships than he was . That anxiety was not diminished by the recent unfavourable events which had taken place ; for he perfectly agreed with the noble earl , that those circumstances in no degree tarnished or diminished the splendid military fame and character of the noble and gallant marquis , and ought to make no alteration as far as regarded the present proposition . The question was not now , as it was on a former night , and might be at a future period , whether the general had been supplied by the government with proper means and resources ? the question now was , whether the means with which the general had been entrusted , had been wisely , skilfully , and successfully , as far as circumstances would permit , applied for the public service ? Though unwilling to mix these topics with the present subject , yet this much he might