been recently published in the daily prints some circumstances of a nature calculated to excite the attention and anxiety of all those who felt an interest in the complete accomplishment of that most important object , the Abolition of the Slave Trade , and that it was highly advisable that the most satisfactory information relative to these circumstances should be laid before parliament , moved `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House , copies of all communications from the governor of the Cape of Good Hope , and from the governor of the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius , received since the capture of those settlements respectively , so far as they relate to the carrying on of the Slave Trade in those settlements , or in any of the neighbouring islands . '' said , he did not rise to oppose the motion , but he could not refrain from saying that if an excuse were wanting for that sort of evasion of the Abolition Bill , of which the honourable member complained , it was to be found in that system of recruiting in Africa which had been lately established under the authority of government for the purpose of filling up the ranks of the Black regiments in the West Indies ; a system which , while it had the effect of reviving , nay and of perpetuating all the evils of a trade which had been characterised as inhuman and unjust , had , at the same time , the effect of inducing in the eyes of Europe , a doubt of the sincerity and good faith of our intentions on the great question of the abolition of that trade , and at a time , too , when as his Majesty 's ministers had before informed the House , they were using their utmost endeavours to effect a general 199 co-operation in the total abandonment of the trade , upon which that amelioration in the state of Africa which we contemplate must mainly depend . It was no answer to say , that the object of this recruiting establishment was to procure free persons only . He was at a loss to know where persons were to be found in Africa to exercise any discretion upon the question of enlistment , but admitting it to be practicable ; still , as the procuring of men there was the object in view , and as that object might be accomplished by means not unlike the means resorted to during the continuance of the trade , which it would be out of the power of the government there to controul or prevent , that of itself , should have been a motive sufficient to prevent this evil establishment , at least with those who sincerely felt anxious to see the practical benefits of the abolition manifesting themselves in Africa . remarked , that as no objection was made to the production of the papers moved for by the hon . gentleman near him , whatever foundation there might be for the apprehension of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , would be a subject better fitted for discussion on some future day when these papers might be on the table of the House . wished to know whether or not , in spite of our efforts to prevent it , the Portuguese and Spaniards did not carry on a traffic for slaves with the British colonies—a traffic composed of piracy and oppression ? He wished also to make another inquiry connected with this interesting subject . We had a chain of forts in Africa , which , during the existence of the Slave Trade , were used as depots for slaves . He was positively informed , that during last summer , the governors of some of these forts actually supplied no less than 47 Portuguese vessels with slaves . Had steps been taken by government to put an end to this shameful abuse ? expressed his regret at not being