These seal days amounted to 20 , making , with the former 58 days , a total of 78 days wholly unemployed by the Master of the Rolls in equitable jurisdiction . It remained to be inquired whether those would meet the evil complained of . According to the statement of the noble lord who introduced the Bill , it was intended that the Chancellor should sit three days in the House of Lords . Now the Chancellor 's day , though he ought regularly to sit from ten o'clock till four , would be overrated if stated to be , on an average , four hours . The days of the Master of the 530 Rolls would consist of six hours ; so 60 of the Master of the Roll 's days would be equal to 90 of the Chancellor 's : to this add 20 seal days , which would be equal to 110 days , which the Master of the Rolls would be able to add to the 200juridical days of the Lord Chancellor . Here , then , was an adequate relief on the supposition of any imaginable increase , the whole juridical year consisting , as he had stated of 200 days , distributed in the proportion he had described . Suppose the increase of business to be equal to one half of the whole ; here it was all provided for and more ! He asked of his hon . and learned friends to consider this , and to answer it if they could . Let them swell the phantom to any size they pleased , and let them say if these 110 days would not only afford ample assistance to the Chancellor , but were out of all measure above the evil . Assuming , then , as facts what he had endeavoured to lay down , with what shadow of reason could that House venture on a measure , which appeared pregnant with so much danger , when they found in the constitution of the office already created for that purpose , ample means to meet and remedy the evil complained of . He was aware that there could be no objection to what he had now suggested , except what was personal to that great judge to whom he had so often alluded ; and it might be urged , that if he were to sit 200 juridical days , a much larger proportion of his time would be occupied , though surely not more than that of the other judges , or than the Chancellor himself , who united the offices of Speaker of the House of Lords and cabinet minister . With respect to the compensation which this additional labour would demand , there could be but one feeling ; but he felt confident , that if an encroachment on the ease of that extraordinary and excellent person would be productive of public benefit , he would feel that to be an ample compensation . He was sure that it would not require more than two years to subdue the existing arrear , and when that was done the leisure afforded to the Master of the Rolls by withdrawing him from Prize and Plantation Appeals , would be more than equal to the increase of business in Chancery . The business which he purposed to withdraw from the Master of the Rolls , to be sure , was not so great as that which he had suggested the propriety of imposing on him . But , he asked , would this 531 truly meritorious person , in that case , have more to do than the other judges ? The Chancellor had as much to do at present ; and why should not the situation of Master of the Rolls be rendered as efficient ? If any magistrate in this country was en titled to call for a sacrifice to be made to his private feelings , he confessed that the present Master of the Rolls was exactly the person . But no magistrate whatever had a right to call on the public to make any sacrifice to their