war is the way that will lead soonest to peace ; it is by vigour , not by forbearance and hesitation ; it is by exertions calculated to make an enemy feel and dread our power ; that such an enemy as America , an enemy making a war of experiment , of experiment on her own force , and on your patience , would be soonest , and most effectually brought to reason . Sir , I would go to the extreme verge of concession to preserve peace ; but when the preservation of peace becomes hopeless , I would not dilute my measures of hostility , I would not by a series of maukish palliatives , convert war , which is naturally an acute distemper , into a chronical one ; and incorporate it with the habitual system of the country . This war with America , which a prompt exertion might presently have subdued and swept away , has been nursed up by this petty policy , until it is probably fastened upon us for a considerable period . I will ask any man , whether , if two years ago , in the contemplation of a war with the United States of America , it had been prophesied to him , that after six months of hostilities , the only maritime trophies gained in the contest would be on the side of the United States , and our only consolation that we had not been conquered by land , he would not have treated such a prediction as an insult to the might , the grandeur , and the character of this country ? It is true , Sir , we have not been conquered by land . I am sure , I am disposed to pay my tribute of admiration to our gallant troops in Canada , and my tribute of regret to their heroic leader , with as mach sincerity of feeling as any man ; for individual heroism and self-devotion , under any circumstances , are glorious ; but really , Sir , what has happened in Canada is not a matter of great 72 triumph . I really never did suppose that we should be conquered . It never entered into my mind that we should be compelled to seek for such a consolation . It never entered into my mind that the mighty naval power of England would be allowed to sleep while our commerce was swept from the surface of the Atlantic ; and that at the end of six months war it would be proclaimed in a speech from the throne , that the time was now at length come , when the long-withheld thunder of Britain must be launched against an implacable foe , and the fulness of her power at length drawn forth . It never entered into my mind that we should send a fleet to take rest and shelter in our own ports in North America , and that we should then attack the American ports with a flag of truce . When his Royal Highness tells us that , at the period of the American declaration of war , there were circumstances which led him to believe that peace might be restored , it must be that those circumstances were of a nature of which we and the public are wholly ignorant , but which in due time may , perhaps , be disclosed , and may then bear out such a belief . But certainly , on the face of the American declaration , any man must observe a studied mind to prevent pacification , or at least to defer it ; and as to Canada , the desire entertained by the American government to possess that province , is not much frowned upon even by those Americans who are the best disposed towards this country . As an additional proof of the true tone and character of the American declaration , let it not be forgotten , that immediately after the promulgation of it an ambassador to France was appointed , who traced the steps of the Gallic conqueror , through the