, `` If you can not give up what you call your faith , we can not give up what we know to be our constitution . '' With respect to these points , on which I have taken the liberty of suggesting the expediency of a larger admission to honours , and a stricter regulation of allegiance , all these , in my humble judgment , demand our early and serious attention ; but they stand clear of all encroachment upon the civil and political power of this Protestant state , and therefore this committee is not the proceeding out of which they should originate . The Petitions before us , the discus- 1210 sions which have preceded and attended them , and the origin of this committee , are all too hostile in their aspect , and too lofty in their pretensions ; and if allowed to go to their professed and intended length , would speedily endanger the public tranquillity ; and England will no longer be England , if all religious distinctions in the stale are to be laid prostrate , for the vain and chimerical scheme of establishing the rights of what is called universal religious liberty , uncontrolled by maxims and considerations of civil expediency , and unchecked by the necessary defences of our establishments . For these reasons , readily as I should concur in any or all of the separate measures which I have suggested , when brought under our separate consideration , and in another course , I must give my decided negative to the general sweeping and subversive principles of the proposition now laid before us . , with the most perfect respect for the right hon . gentleman , could not but say that he seemed completely to have misunderstood the nature of the Resolution , and it was in order to set him right he was anxious to address the House . The Resolution did not propose any thing which could at all prove subversive of the establishment , but , on the contrary , while it went to relieve the Catholics , coupled the measures resorted to for that purpose with securities for the protection of the establishment . His right hon . friend had declined going into detail , and indeed it was not incumbent on his right hon . friend , in the present stage of the matter , to state what those securities would be . It was sufficient , if any hon . gentleman was not satisfied with the securities proposed by his right hon . friend , that he had it in his power to superadd such further securities as he might think necessary ; and it would be for the Catholics to accept of what was offered to them under the conditions on which the concessions were agreed to be granted , or to reject them . The House had a right , if they admitted them into the constitution , to ask of them to assent to such securities as they thought proper to annex to their grant . The right hon . gentleman ( the Speaker ) had alluded to three plans , all of which , he said , had been proposed to the House , and successively abandoned . He ( Mr. Ponsonby ) declared he did not know of any such plans . The first described 1211 by the right hon . gent . was one of unqualified concession . He was not aware that any plan , the basis of which was unqualified concession to the Catholics , had ever been proposed in this House , and if never proposed , he did not see how such plan could ever have been abandoned . The second plan talked of by the right hon . gentleman , was a plan with securities , and this he would also have it understood was abandoned , because his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) had not stated what those securities should be . These , however , his right hon . friend was willing to leave to the House , and to accept of the concessions