in a surprising ratio ; and within two or three years the increased strength of the military force of the country was prodigious beyond conception . For what was the actual state of our force in that quarter , which the noble marquis had said was so inadequately supplied ? Why , that we had , on the 25th of June last , in the peninsula and the Mediterranean , an army of no less than 127,000 men in our pay ; that was 91,000 British , including foreign or German troops , with 36,000 Portuguese . Such was our force , independently of Spanish auxiliaries , which received from us all the assistance in our power , in formation , equipment , and pecuniary supply . Nay , the British army alone , under the command of lord Wellington , at the period alluded to , amounted to 58,000 . Now , he would appeal to their lordships whether the exertion which had collected such an army deserved to be characterised in such terms as the House had heard from the noble marquis ; but more he would ask , whether three years ago any man in England Could have been so sanguine as to imagine the collection of such an army practicable ? Yet such had been the exertions of that government , which had also to provide for the protection of India , of our numerous colonies in the west , and for our home defence . Then , as to our supplies since that period , which the noble marquis professed to think that ministers had left almost wholly unprepared ; the fact was , that from the 25th of December last to the present , no less than 20,000 men , with 7,000 horses , had been sent to that 41 quarter . As to deficiency of equipment among our army , Buonaparté , who did not hesitate to take by force the means of equipping his soldiery , wherever he found them , had often felt such deficiency , while with us , who paid liberally for all articles , there was rarely any such complaints But that our soldiers should be quite secure from privations , that they should at all times be completely equipped , it would be too much to expect in the ordinary vicissitudes of war . Where , however , such privations occurred—where they were reported by our illustrious commander , his requisitions were immediately attended to—indeed they were always complied with . This could and would , no doubt , be confirmed promptly by that distinguished commander himself , for it was a striking feature in his character , that he was as just to these who served him , as he was bold to those who opposed him—and it was another striking feature in his character , that be was never extravagant in his expectations or demands—indeed he was never likely to make such demands , because ministers took care that he should be always accurately informed as to the means of supply . That some inconvenience might have been felt from the state of the military chest , he was not prepared to deny ; as the supply of specie at present must depend upon so great a variety of circumstances , out of the power of any ministers to controul ; upon the means of obtaining money for bills upon the continent , and other causes , particularly the state of the Spanish colonies in America , which naturally interfered with the importation of bullion . But here again no blame could attach to government , for nothing practicable was left undone by them . There was , however , a limit to their means , as there was a limit to the means of any nation ; by that limit alone government was confined in the struggles to assist these operations which the noble marquis called upon them to extend . But whether they could so extend them , he would be ready , at any time , to discuss with the noble marquis , with whom the onus would lie to shew where