view with the right hon . gentleman , as containing in it demands which , if insisted on by America , would preclude for ever any prospect of peace . But the Speech , in its allusion to this topic , referred to the state of America at the period when this declaration was issued . Ministers had never assured the House , nor the country , whatever had been done by others , that the concessions required to be made to America would lead to peace ; on the contrary , when the repeal of the Orders in Council was discussed , they said , in answer to those who contended that if these were surrendered peace would be the consequence , that the claims relative to blockade and impressment would disappoint their expectations . It was not till after the war broke out that the American government alleged other grounds of war than the Orders in Council , and the system of blockade . The matter of impressment was previously only urged as an angry point of discussion . With respect to the course taken by ministers when they acquired a knowledge of the actual commencement of the war , they had done that which was tantamount to complete hostility , and it was not from forbearance , but from considerations of other circumstances of the country , that they had refrained from the immediate issue of letters of marque and reprisal , and from publishing to the world their case against the United States . But although letters of marque and reprisal were not issued , war was as effectually waged in another mode ; and this was done from a desire to keep the councils of the government ready to meet any disposition that might arise on the part of America towards peace . Had they not acted in this manner , they would 87 have justly had to experience the censure of gentlemen opposite , if America had , on the receipt of the intelligence from this country , withdrawn her declaration , and restored the British property that had been seized , and they had been unable to meet this pacific disposition with correspondent restitution , without coming to parliament to vote that sum which had found its way into the coffers of the captors of American ships . With respect to time , the moment the declaration of war was ascertained , and that the Americans had proceeded to the condemnation of the British property seized and refused to ratify the armistice concluded between them and the governor of Upper Canada , with admiral Sawyer , that moment the letters of marque and reprisal were issued . The right hon . gentleman had truly said it was an extraordinary thing that no answer had been published to that Declaration which could be so readily refuted , and that the onus was thrown on the government , to shew that grave and weighty reasons existed for not taking that official step . But neither the House nor the right hon . gentleman were to learn , that though we were actually at war with America , yet negociations had not absolutely terminated . A mission had been entrusted to admiral Warren , and a proposition submitted by him to the American government , to which no answer had been received up to this day . This proposition was intended to have been made through Mr. Foster ; but as he had left the country before the dispatch arrived , the business had of necessity devolved upon the admiral on the station . Under these circumstances , waiting for the reply of the American government ( though he did not mean by this to lead the House to any sanguine expectation as to the result ) , he was sure the House would feel that ministers would have more consulted their feelings than their judgments , had they hastily put forth the answer they felt themselves so competent to give to the assertions and claims of America . He hoped , therefore , that on this subject also he had laid sufficient general grounds for