unable to support their cause , the Catholics have not remained satisfied to do no more than merely expose the objections of their enemies ; but have left no means untried for removing the many errors and prejudices which have been , at all times , so prevalent concerning the principles they really do profess . For this purpose , they have assented to , and taken , as a qualification for each civil right , which they enjoy , the ; oaths that have been read by the right hon . mover ( Mr. Grattan ) . For this purpose , the answers , which he also read , of six Foreign Universities , to certain queries proposed to them , were obtained ; and , for the same purpose , has that part been written of the Roman Catholic Prayer-book which he referred to . But , besides these proofs that they do not profess the , obnoxious tenets ascribed to them , there are many others equally conclusive . The Catholic writer Gother , to whose great character the late Dr. Law , bishop of El- * See Vol . 22 , p. 773 . 995 phin has borne testimony , in order to remove the prejudices of Protestants , published a work , entitled : `` A Vindication of the Roman Catholics : —as also , their Declaration , Affirmation , Commination ; shewing their abhorrence of the following tenets , commonly laid at their door ; and they here oblige themselves , that if the ensuing Curses be added to those appointed to be read on the first day of Lent , they will seriously and heartily answer Amen to them all : — 1 . `` Cursed is he that commits idolatry ; that prays to images or relics , or worships them for God . R. Amen . 2 . `` Cursed is every goddess-worshipper , that believes the Virgin Mary to be any more than a creature ; that honours her , worships her , or puts his trust in her more than in God ; that believes her above her Son , or that she can in any thing command him . R. Amen . 3 . `` Cursed is he that believes the saints in heaven to be his Redeemers , that prays to them as such , or that gives God 's honour to them , or to any creature whatsoever . R. Amen . . 4 . `` Cursed is he that worships any breaden God , or makes Gods of the empty elements of bread and wine . R. Amen . 5 . `` Cursed is he that believes priests can forgive sins , whether the sinner repent or not ; or that there is any power in earth or heaven that can forgive sins , without a hearty repentance and serious purpose of amendment . R. Amen . 6 . '' Cursed is he that believes there is authority in the Pope or any others , that can give leave to commit sins : or that can forgive him his sins for a sum of money ; R. Amen . 7 . `` Cursed is he that believes that , independent of the merits and passion of Christ , he can merit salvation by '' his own good works ; or make condign satisfaction for the guilt of his sins , or the pains eternal due to them . R. Amen . 8 . `` Cursed is he that contemns the word of God , or hides it from the people , on design to keep them from the knowledge of their duty , and to preserve them in ignorance and error . R. Amen . 9 . `` Cursed is he that undervalues the word of God , or that , forsaking Scripture , chuses rather to follow human traditions than it . R. Amen . 10 . `` Cursed is he that leaves the commandments of God , to observe the constitutions of men . R. Amen . 11 . `` Cursed is he that omits any of 996 the Ten Commandments , or