body now , is felt as an embarrassment in the government of Ireland , it is not likely to become far more serious , when in the course of a few years , by the operation of obvious and unfailing causes , the Catholics have acquired property in proportion to their population , and along with it , every means that can enable them to obtain , and every stimulus that can urge them to desire , a complete participation in political power . That they are still loyal , I believe , —still disposed to prosecute their object by lawful means alone—but we ought not to forget that disappointment long continued becomes despair , and that discontent unallayed is the parent of disloyalty . And this , Sir , naturally leads me to say 935 a word or two as to another argument against the Catholic claim , which , I find , has had considerable effect , not only out of doors , but upon the minds of several gentlemen , members of this House . It has been said , that though considered in the abstract and with a view to its own intrinsic merits , the Catholic claim might be entitled to a favourable consideration , yet that the Catholics themselves by their violent precipitate conduct have forfeited all the right they might otherwise have had to indulgence . Sir , if in the discussion of a great and momentous question , especially in parliament , any thing could induce me to depart from that moderation and temper which a regard to decorum imposes upon me , and what , I own , weighs yet more powerfully upon my mind , a regard to the interests of that great cause , which I am humbly and feebly , but earnestly endeavouring to plead , it would be the argument , if argument it can be called , to which I have now alluded.—I do not think , that , generally speaking , . gentlemen have been very happy in the objections they have urged against the measure , either considered as a mere matter of reason , or as a matter of reason and feeling combined , but in this they appear to me to have been more peculiarly unfortunate than in any other instance . For if this argument proves any thing , it proves this—that all restraint and all injustice ought , to last for ever . For what maxim could a tyrant be more desirous to establish than this—than when oppression has produced discontent , discontent becomes an apology for more oppression . Is it not an utter mockery of all reason and justice , to say `` the restraints are galling , —your complaints are not ill founded , —we can not charge you with disaffection , but because you have not always been able to pace in the trammels of the strictest propriety ; because you have talked of right where we only admit an expediency ; because you have sometimes asked as a matter of justice what you ought to have implored as a matter of favour ; because your often-rejected claim has not always been preferred in all the forms of humility and supplication ; because you have not gratified our pride , but only convinced our understanding ; because remembering that you are oppressed , you have not always forgot that you are strong—therefore you shall have no redress . You shall be made answerable for the absurdities of foolish , and for 936 the violence of mischievous advocates . We will scan every word with jealous accuracy , we will watch every step with hostile vigilance , and if we succeed in detecting a wrong word or a false step , all the claims of justice and policy shall avail you nothing . '' Sir , I can respect , though differing widely from , the opinions of those who oppose the Catholic claim because they think it dangerous to church and state . But I can not extend that respect to the opinions of those who , professing themselves friendly to the principle of emancipation can