are left to conjecture . Sir ; much has been said of the question of right . It appears to me to be a very unnecessary metaphysical discussion , and one which can not have any practical application 797 in the present instance . In the same sense in which religious toleration is a right , a due share of political power is a right ; both must yield to the paramount interests of society , if such interests require it ; neither can be justifiably withheld , unless their inconsistency with the public interest is clearly established . But in the present case the question does not , in any respect , arise ; for we have already admitted the Roman Catholics to substantial power , and , what we seek to exclude them from , is honour . The privileges which are withheld are impotent , as protections to the state , but most galling and provoking to the party who is excluded . No candid mind can hesitate to admit that the exclusions must be severely felt , as subjects of grievance , and of the most insulting kind . That the man of the first eminence at the bar , should be prevented from acting as one of his Majesty 's counsel , or from sitting on the bench of justice ; that the gallant officer , who has distinguished himself in the battles of his country , when his heart is beating high with the love of honourable fame , should be stopped in his career , and see his companions in arms raised above him , to lead his countrymen to victory and glory , must be felt as wounding and humiliating ! In this House , does it require argument to shew that exclusion from parliament must be considered as a privation and indignity ! What assembles us here ? The honest ambition of serving our country ? The pride of abiding by honourable engagements ? or motives perhaps of a less elevated description ? Whatever they may be , honourable and dignified , or otherwise , they subsist in their minds , as much as in ours ; and , though the elective franchise , which has been granted to the Irish Catholic , gives him a substantial representation , yet the exclusion is calculated to operate as a severe and humiliating disability ; and the more humiliating , because it is a mark of inferiority , branded on the Catholic , merely for the purpose of marking that inferiority ! The topic that toleration admits of one consideration and political power of another , has little application to this case , even if it were true , for here it must be contended that rank , and station , and honour , are not the proper appendages of wealth , and knowledge , and education , and of every thing which constitutes political and moral strength ! In every system of human policy the few must govern the 798 many , but , putting military force out of the case , their legitimate government must arise from their superiority in wealth and knowledge ; if , therefore , you exclude the wealthy and the educated from the government of the state , you throw into the scale of the many , the only weight which could have preserved the balance of the state itself . This is universally true , but when you reject the opulent and the educated , on account of a condition which they have , in common with the many , you add the attraction of politics and party to the operation of general and moral causes ; and , if the principle of exclusion be a religious one , you organize , not merely the principles of revolution , but of revolution furious and interminable ! Put the policy of the separation of political rank from property and education , in the extreme case of their total division , or in any intermediate degree , the conclusion is equally true , that the attempt so to separate , establishes a principle , not of government ,