on the former evening , with respect to our situation with America , could not have been misunderstood ; it was neither more nor less than a state of unqualified warfare . As to a counter declaration , it would have been improper to issue it until an answer was returned by America to the repeal of the Orders in Council , and to the proposition which had been made to her . rose , and explained his reasons for pursuing the line he had done on the former evening . If he had been in the House in 1793 , he would have voted for Mr. Fox 's motion to send an ambassador to Paris , to prevent the breaking out of the war ; and for this reason , because the whole question was , whether the government of France , as then constituted , was fit to be treated with ; and as he was of opinion , that one independent state should not interfere with the government of another , he , of course , conceived that a treaty might be concluded with the provisional council which then ruled in France ; and he would have confined himself to this opinion , that it was more easy to treat for the prevention of war than for peace . His hon . friend had stated , that there were persons who entertained an opinion , that no peace could be made with the present emperor of France . Now , if his hon . friend could shew him that such an idea was cherished by any of his Majesty 's ministers , he pledged himself to vote with him for an Address to-morrow ; because he thought the French emperor might be treated with as well as the head of any other government . His hon . friend had said , that the Address only proposed to the Prince Regent to examine whether a peace could be made on proper terms . This certainly was a mitigated character of the measure ; but still it implied one of these two things—either that the ministers were not willing to enter into a negociation , 132 or that the necessity of peace was so urgent , that it became the duty of the House to interfere . Now , if the first assumption were true , it would not be safe or constitutional to address the throne to seek for peace ; the Address ought to be for the removal of ministers . On the other hand , if ministers were as ready as they stated themselves , to enter into a negociation , the ground of an Address must be , that they mistook the situation of the country , and did not see the necessity of making peace , even if they could , and that , therefore , the House must interpose . He did not think the country was in that situation ; and , however mitigated the form of Address might be , if they interfered at all with the known prerogative of the crown , it would be telling the enemy that the distresses of the country called for peace . He , therefore , could not consent to deviate from the ordinary system of the constitution , not having that information which the cabinet ministers alone possessed . went over the arguments which he had before advanced in support of his Address ; and in reference to his assertion that a spirit existed in this country , personally hostile to the French emperor , he instanced a pamphlet which was published by authority , during lord Sidmouth 's administration , and sent to the different clergymen throughout England , to be read in their respective churches , filled with the grossest falsehoods , relative to Buonaparté ; and he inferred that this spirit had not subsided , as one of the paragraphs in the Speech from the throne , at the conclusion of the last session , seemed to speak language somewhat similar . defended the passage in the Speech of the Lords Commissioners alluded to by the hon . gentleman ;