ecclesiastical polity are their enemies , and they must yield in silence . They must receive it as the doom of fate ; it must be submitted to , as part of the mysterious system of Providence which , whilst it has embarked us in an awful struggle , for the preservation of its choicest blessings , has ordained that , in this struggle , we may not unite the hearts and affections of our people . We must cherish the hope that the same incomprehensible wisdom which at once impels us to this mighty contest and forbids us to use the means of success , may work out our safety by methods of its own . If it can be made appear that the imperious interests of our country pronounce , from necessity , this heavy and immitigable sentence , upon millions of its subjects , I trust that they will learn submission , and not embitter their hopeless exclusion , by the miseries of discontent and of disorder ; but , before they bow down to this eternal interdict , before they retire from the threshold of the constitution , to the gloom of hopeless and never ending exclusion , I appeal to every candid mind , are they not entitled to have it proved by arguments , clear as the light of heaven , that this necessity exists ? I now challenge the investigation of those supposed maxims , step by step , and inch by inch ; let it be stated in some clear intelligible form , what is this fundamental prop of the constitution ; what is this overwhelming ruin , which is to tumble upon us , by it 's removal . Let us meet and close upon this argument ; but beware of the attempt to outlaw the Irish people by an artificial and interested clamour ? Let not those , who have encouraged the Irish people to expect redress , now affect to be bound by this spell of their own 802 raising ? this would be to palter with their own consciences and the public safety , and can entail no consequences , other than calamity and disgrace . The only obstacles which appear to stand in the way of the Roman Catholics , are the Oath of Supremacy and the Declaration against Transubstantiation . The former of these in its original enactment and application had a very limited political relation . I speak not of the capricious fury of Henry 8 , which made it treason to refuse the oath . He considered himself , under God , the supreme head of the church , in all things spiritual and temporal ; and bound the subject to submit to all his ordinances made , and to be made , under the penalty of death . But the application of the oath as it was modified by Elizabeth , had chiefly ( and with the exception of offices immediately derived from the crown , or concerning the administration of justice ) a religious , and not a political , application ; subject to these exceptions , it professed not to controul the private opinion , nor to make it a ground of exclusion ; but it subjected the public profession , or non-conformity , to penalty ; and , accordingly , Roman Catholics were admissable to parliament and to corporate offices , for more than one hundred years after the introduction of the Oath of Supremacy . Then came the laws of Charles 2 , which , for the first time , superinduced general exclusion from office , as a political consequence of the religious opinion . Here , then , were before us , two principles , the first , that of the Reformation , which proscribed the religion , the second , that of Charles 2 , which presumed that certain unconstitutional tenets must be held by those who professed that religion , and therefore made civil incapacity the consequence of the religious belief . Here were two principles perfectly distinct , but perfectly consistent—now what have we done ? We have , in fact , abrogated the principles