India trade was discussed , their case would receive that degree of attention from parliament to which it is so justly entitled . spoke to the following effect : —I do not rise to oppose the Petitions lying on the table ; but I am anxious to seize the first opportunity , lest I should be prevented attending the main question , of expressing my firm conviction of the justice and expediency of admitting our Roman Catholic fellow subjects to all the benefits of the British constitution . I am at a loss to discover what possible interest these petitioners can have , in excluding the great body of my countrymen from all share in the government . I am sure your lordships and the country have a great interest in giving them the same motives of attachment that Englishmen have . Give them these , and they will not only be loyal subjects , but an attached and grateful people . I live among them , and I am anxious to bear my testimony to their deserving the full enjoyment of those privileges , to which , as subjects of this great and free country , they are entitled by their birth . observed upon an expression in the Petition , setting forth that the Catholics had repeatedly claimed `` the right of enjoying political power , '' that his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects never had laid claim to political power , but only to the eligibility of attaining it if their merits should be found deserving of it . He could not , therefore , let such an unfounded assertion in the Petition pass without contradicting it . rose , pursuant to notice , to bring forward his promised motion upon this subject . He should not , he said , mis-spend the time of the House on this occasion , in detailing 507 the grounds upon which this measure rested ; a more appropriate opportunity would offer in a future stage for the full discussion of its merits . Although he had to address a new parliament , with a considerable accession of new members , upon this important subject , he could not doubt that the arguments in its favour would meet as favourable a reception as they had experienced from the last parliament , and that the present House of Commons would be found as solicitous for retrenchment and public economy as any of its predecessors . The main object of his Bill , the hon . gentleman described to be , to bring back offices to the principle of their original creation , namely , that those officers who had any duty to perform for the public , should receive the remuneration drawn from the public purse for that purpose , and that those offices to which no duty attached , namely , sinecures , should be gradually abolished . But he would take care to provide that those who had vested Tights should suffer no injury . His next proposition was to establish a permanent and certain fund for those meritorious servants of the public who might have derived reward from the sinecure offices which he called upon parliament to abolish . Thus his measure was meant to be wholly prospective . Following the same principles of reform which had been acted upon by Mr. Burke and Mr. Pitt upon similar occasions , and thus avoiding any innovation , he proposed to leave the rights and interests of the present possessors of the offices to which his Bill referred quite untouched , while he would endeavour to persuade the House to put an end to the further continuation of offices which were really a blot upon our system . As to certain offices in the law which his Bill was intended to regulate , he could not conceive it possible to defend an arrangement under which particular individuals received enormous emoluments , while all the duties of their offices were performed by deputies for a small remuneration . The hon . member concluded with moving for leave to bring in a Bill `` for abolishing and regulating sinecures and offices executed by