, if so , the mere circumstance of its being required , is a sufficient reason for conceding it . This is not a struggle for the triumph of one party of the state over another ; it is a great national sacrifice of mutual prejudices , for the common good ; and any opportunity of gratifying the Protestant mind should be eagerly seized by the Catholic , even if the condition required were uncalled for by any real or well founded apprehension ; but I must go a step further , and avow , that the state has , in my opinion , a right to require some fair security 819 against foreign influence in its domestic concerns . What this security may be , provided it shall be effectual , ought , as I conceive , to be left to the option of the Catholic body . I am little solicitous about the form , so that the substance is attained . As a Veto has been objected to , let it not be required ; but let the security be afforded , either by domestic nomination of the clergy , or in any shape or form , which shall exclude the practical effect of foreign interference . Let them be liberally provided for by the state , let them be natives of the country and educated in the country , and let the full and plenary exercise of spiritual authority by the Pope , which forms an essential part of their religious discipline , remain in all its force ; leave to their choice the mode of reconciling these principles , and stand not upon the manner , if the thing is done . An hon . gentleman asks , will this satisfy the Catholics ? I will not be so indiscreet as to answer for what will satisfy them ; I believe it will ; but it is enough for me to know that this ought to satisfy them ; and of this we may be convinced , that we do not enable them to obtain what they ought not , by granting them what they ought to have : but what is the use , it is asked , of a measure proposed as an instrument of peace , if it is likely , on the contrary , to produce nothing but dissatisfaction ? I answer , first , I believe it will produce full satisfaction , if frankly proposed , and honestly acted on ; but if you doubt-of this , do not make your proceeding an absolute and a final one , —reserve the operation of the act , which giants relief , ( if you think it necessary ) until the accompanying measure of security shall be ripened , so as to ensure satisfaction in their enactment ; —declare your principles of security , and your conditions , and let the operation of your law , or the effect of your resolution , await the desire of the Catholic body , signified , or fairly understood , with respect to them . Pursue this course , put this measure into the hands of those , in whom the Catholics can place confidence , or give them such a parliamentary pledge , that they may see that the accomplishment of their wishes is dependant on their own good sense and moderation ; and , I have no doubt , they will not be wanting to contribute their part , to this great national work of strength and union , —in all events you will have discharged your duty ; you will have given satisfaction to the honest , and to the 820 reasonable . You will have separated the sound from the unsound ; and you will leave the bigot or the incendiary , stripped of all his terrors , by depriving him of all his grievances Sir , I have done.—I may be in error ; but I have not sacrificed to interest or to prejudice , and I have spoken my sentiments in the sincerity of my heart . : Mr. Speaker ; I can not withhold my well merited tribute