respectful language towards the government of America . Had the noble lord forgotten the language used to Mr. Erskine , when he , bearing concessions to them , was received with taunts , instead of the terms of amity and conciliation ? Had he forgotten the treatment of Mr. Jackson , who was driven from the country without being permitted to wait for the instructions of his government ? The noble lord must have a short memory , if he did not recollect that the government of America had declared , that they expected the treaty of Utrecht should be considered the maritime law of nations—a law that would render the navy of England useless , except to guard her own coast . When , by a fatal event , it became probable that the Orders in Council would be rescinded , did not America abandon that ground of complaint , and immediately 124 demand an abandonment of our system of blockade , and a renunciation of the right of search . Could the noble lord find any way to negociate with America without abandoning our rights ; or was he prepared to say that we ought to abandon them ? With regard to the concessions made to America by ministers , it was a point on which he differed from them.—The hon . and learned gentleman then entered into a detailed discussion of the Orders in Council and our blockade system , and observed , that to exaggerated statements of civil war and revolution among our manufacturers , might be attributed the concessions to America—and , to those concessions , the present war . A heavy responsibility attached to the real authors of this unnatural war between two countries united in origin , in language ; and in manners , and who were , besides , the only countries in the world where civil liberty existed : but he saw no prospect of any peace consistent even with our existence , since the measure of American demands was determined by the unjust and unlimited aggressions of France . deprecated any intention on the part of the House to call on the ministers to pledge themselves to seek peace , as such conduct would defeat the object it professed to have in view . It would perhaps create a popular cry in the country for peace , and raise the demand of those with whom we should have to negociate . He did not doubt that the ministers participated in the wishes of the people , as they regarded peace ; there appeared no disinclination on the part of government to negociate , and as our prospects on the continent were now somewhat better than heretofore , he hoped those prospects would not be blasted by any premature solicitations on the part of the House . He knew of but one instance of a petition to the king to make peace , being carried in that House , and in that instance it had been productive of more evil than good . although he generally coincided with his hon . friend who was the mover of the present amendment , yet differed from him on this occasion . By receiving the report , the House by no means adopted the opinions contained in the Address ; it was , therefore , unnecessary to postpone its consideration : the Address was a natural consequence of the Speech , and resembled a mere common 125 place letter , in . which were a great number of words of course , ending with `` I have the honour to be , Sir , with the highest respect , your devoted humble servant , '' when , in fact , the writer felt none of that respect and devotion of which he talked . To debate the Address , paragraph by paragraph , would take up the whole of the session . Many of the topics treated of in the Address , would require mature deliberation ; and as to the Spanish war , he thought it would be best discussed when the Chancellor of the Exchequer should come to the House for supplies