. My forefathers and my brethren have proved it by shedding their blood in your service . I myself am now marching to the perils of war to risk my life in your cause . You can not be sincere in an offer coupled with such conditions ; —my refuge is despair ! '' The right hon . member who spoke last , introduced into his speech some of the topics insisted on by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) , on a former night . He talked of a strange power exercised by the Pope over property , the dissolution of marriage , the bastardizing of children , absolution of allegiance , and so forth . Now , Sir , I ask the right hon . gentleman when this took place ? The supremacy of the Pope has been acknowledged in Ireland from the earliest periods of her conversion to Christianity . I ask , when were ever your soldiers absolved from their allegiance ? When did ever the Catholic priests order your common soldiers and sailors to desert your standards ? And if they issued such orders would they be obeyed ? Let me endeavour to set right an error that sufficient pains have not been taken to refute . When we argue upon the subject , we speak as if we were erecting this hierarchy . We forget that the hierarchy has all along existed over a vast and discontented multitude . Whereas the passing of this just measure would continue it over a comparatively contented and happy population . Before I conclude , Sir , I wish to offer a few words in reference to the Petitions on the table of the House . A gallant officer lately presented a petition from a large number of inhabitants in Ireland , ( whose very mutilated appearance bears testimony to his bravery and honour ) : I allude , Sir , to the Petition from the county of Fermanagh . If I had not known his sentiments upon this question , I should have been astonished how he could attach the importance he did to the multitude of signatures to that Petition . That gallant general had fought and bled in Egypt . He was told by another gallant officer near him , that the successes in Egypt were chiefly owing to the good conduct of Catholic soldiers , —those men , whose weapons , it is said , the Pope can turn against 958 your own bosoms . It was at the head of those brave men that he received the honourable distinction of his wound . But , Sir , there are other petitions at which , I own , I am still more astonished . There is one signed by a small number of men , whose forefathers were driven from France by religious persecution , and who obtained shelter and protection in this country , together with the free exercise of their religion , not with standing that religion was not , in many respects , conformable with our own . These persons have had the imprudence to interfere , and to obtrude themselves upon us , in the discussion of this great national question . Not observing the signs of the times—not considering how persecution applies to all religions—they have laid a petition on your table , in which they endeavour to persuade the House of Commons , not only , not to grant some of the claims of the Catholics , but to give up nothing to them—to oppose all and every concession . For the honour of the petitioners , for the honour of human nature , this Petition ought not to have been presented . By religious persecution the nation , by whom they were driven out , was weakened and distracted—through the bigotry of Louis the 14th , seas of human blood were spilled . In the day of their distress the ancestors of the petitioners found a safe refuge in this land they have hitherto , I believe , behaved quietly and inoffensively ; but assuredly , it behoves them to refrain from sharpening the