to the just rights of four millions of the King 's subjects . That the two first parts of the Statement were accurate he had no doubt , since he had found all the references made to the statute book to be correctly given . begged to ask if the hon . baronet did not know that those two first parts were the work of the whole body of Catholics ? wished to make one or two observations on what had fallen from the right hon . doctor , who now appeared in the hey-day of his triumph . Time had been when the learned doctor had taken a most active part against the Catholics ; time had been , when for a whole session , he had maintained a most unaccountable silence : the House was now threatened that a time would come when another speech would be heard from the same quarter ; and the learned doctor took upon himself to say , not only that his own , but that the arguments of all gentlemen on that side of the question , would be drawn from the two first parts of the Statement of the Penal Laws : they had concerted together as to the line of their proceedings , and they were to fasten themselves on what the learned doctor called the work of the whole Catholic body . It appeared that the Petition now offered was founded upon a fabrication ; it originated in a disgraceful forgery , and the House was called upon to listen to the language of those who had been cheated into a resistance to those claims , which , but for the gross imposition , they might have supported . The third part of the Statement purported , like the two former , to be the work of a Catholic , but it was in truth the production of some venal Protestant , who had attributed to the Catholics sentiments that they abhorred . The learned doctor had thought it right to volunteer a declaration of the mode in which his colleagues would resist the reasonable claims of some most injured individuals , and this Petition would afford a specimen of the mode in 456 which their arguments would be seconded by the country . Their arguments were founded in falshood , and their support was obtained by forgery . observed , that the Roman Catholics would concur in any fact adduced in the two first parts of the Statement : upon them they would willingly rest their cause . Who was the author of this scandalous fabrication he did not know , but he trusted that the criminal would soon be dragged from his lurking place into public view . Although it must be known to be a malicious calumny , it had been industriously circulated free of postage , to every part of the kingdom , and it had actually issued from one of the government presses of Ireland . Whether it were intended for wit or for malice he knew not—the author had failed in the former ; in the latter he had been too successful ; it was the dull work of some dull underscribe of the Irish government ; its dullness was only exceeded by the stupidity of those who could for a moment give credit to it . adverted to the number of respectable signatures affixed to the Petition ; it had been in Beaumaris only two days , and yet 800 names were subscribed . remarked , that the Third Part of the Statement of the Penal Laws had been expressly denied by the Catholics of Ireland to have originated with them , and he read to the House the following Resolution the body had come to upon the subject , on the 6th instant , at Dublin : — '' Resolved , that a pamphlet entitled 'The Third Part of a Statement of the Penal Laws which aggrieve the Catholics , ' having been industriously circulated throughout England , for the manifest purpose of misleading our fellow subjects , and counteracting the growing liberality of sentiment , is now disclaimed by the