in which it had undergone the discussion of last year , he certainly should not have felt himself then called upon to trespass on their patience , but would have rested the cause of the Roman Catholics on the statement so ably made by his right hon . friend who opened the debate ; and on the eloquent appeal of another hon . gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) whose speech was heard by the Mouse with so much attention , and which had been honoured with so much well-merited applause . But there were circumstances attendant on the discussion of the subject this year , which did not exist when it was last submitted to the consideration of the House . Some of those who were inimical to the cause had gone as far as they possibly could , by recurring to the basest arts to prevent the subject receiving a calm and deliberate investigation . They had endeavoured to persuade the Protestant population , that this was a question vitally affecting their religion , and that it was to be judged on that principle alone , divested of those various and important political considerations , by which the legislature ought to be actuated in their examination and their decision , and which he was sure were more fit to guide the judgment of parliament , than any of those topics which seemed to be principally relied upon at several meetings , —meetings which he was in some respects obliged to characterise , as calculated to produce , and absolutely producing ill-will and dissention amongst the great body of the people . In the course of his speech , it was his intention to examine some of the statements which had been publicly made , with a view , as he conceived , to prejudice and inflame the minds of the people , against the claims of their Catholic brethren . Under the circumstances in which they were placed—when they were called on to legislate , in order to restore tranquillity to a large portion of the empire—when they were called on to legislate , for the purpose of producing that strength and energy throughout the empire at large , which must result from conciliation and harmony—by uniting the great body of the people in the participation , and , consequently in the defence of those rights , which were common to them all—under these circumstances , it must appear evi- 881 dent to every man , that the more calmly the legislature proceeded , the more likely were they to succeed in establishing that harmony and concord , which was allowed on all hands to be so extremely desirable . He was truly sorry to see , that , in the agitation of this great question , some men of high rank , some ecclesiastics of great dignity , had put themselves mainly forward . And he could not but think , that where a large majority of a former House of Commons , had pledged themselves to take the subject into consideration , it would have well become those mitred prelates to have left it in the hands of parliament . He was of opinion , that no good could result from their entering into the question , in charges addressed to large , bodies of the clergy ; and still less could any just or equitable purpose be answered , by their throwing on a great portion of the community , accusations , at once the most foul and the most unfounded , in such a manner as left the injured parties without a direct opportunity of justifying themselves . That course having been adopted , it was necessary to examine into the nature and foundation of those charges ; and to endeavour , in that House , to refute accusations so unfairly and so unwarrantably made . Amongst other matters contained in the Charge of a right reverend prelate , which he then held in his hand , which had been first delivered to a body of the clergy , and was afterwards published to the world , were a variety of statements directed against the