, as well as the constitution of the country , would not object to their being employed at present . If any man would look at the map of Europe , and see what a portion of its population the enemy had forced into hostility against this country , if he were also to consider the limited population of these two islands , and the extensive colonies we had to defend , and the navy we had to support , it appeared to him hardly possible that such a man could now adhere to the idea of not employing foreigners in our service . Looking at the present state of the world , and viewing the countless hosts that were arrayed against Great Britain , single handed , it seemed to him the height of absurdity to make such an objection . Because our having swept the seas of our enemies , and because our small but gallant armies had hitherto stood undaunted and unbroken before the overwhelming forces of France and all her dependent states , was it to be urged that we were , unaided and unsupported , capable of sustaining for ever so unequal a contest ? That our foreign corps , and particularly the German Legion , merited all the rewards that could be bestowed upon them , no man , let him belong to what party he might , would deny . Surely it would not be said , that the individuals now alluded to were objects of censure or distrust . He would beg the House to consider , who they were ? They were not adventurers intruding themselves into the service of 259 this country , but they were Germans—the natural subjects of our own sovereign , who preferred an honourable exile to an ignominious servitude ; and who were bound by allegiance to the same sovereign with the natives of this country . As to the value of their services , it would be seen from the perusal of the different Gazettes which were published in the course of the summer . There was no action in which part of this gallant corps was not foremost in every danger . It did not appear to him that the noble lord had laid before the House sufficient grounds for the production of papers ; but he thought it would not be sufficient for the House barely to reject the motion on this ground . He thought that the House should not allow itself to be supposed to concur in the idea of its being illegal and unconstitutional to employ foreign troops , and that it would be well , that the new parliament should have its opinion some way understood of the legality and propriety of continuing the present system of employing every means of carrying on offensive warfare which presented itself in the present circumstances . objected especially to the latter part of the noble lord 's speech , and expressed a confident hope that , in no case , the House would be led indirectly to express an opinion upon a measure totally unconnected with the motion before them . He would put it to the candour of the House , and to that of the hon . gentlemen opposite themselves , whether or no the noble mover had said ? single word as to the expediency of employing foreign troops in the British service ? But the noble lord who spoke last had thought proper to bring forth arguments against a speech delivered in the last session of parliament , and of which he was sure not twenty members present had heard one word . He had listened with the greatest pleasure to the explanation given by the noble lord , as it proved that no unconstitutional measure had been adopted , and he was ready to join in the praises bestowed on the German Legion , which he thought they deserved ; but , at the same time , he must observe , that the noble mover was not the only one who had mistaken the meaning of the Order which was the object of the motion ; he