of these realms , because he professed the Catholic faith ? Was that prince , who decreed that his parliament should assemble annually ; who prohibited , by the severest penalties , the admission of bulls and rescripts from the Pope ; who limited and defined the law of high treason ; was he a prince , of whose love for despotic power , or submission to the papal authority , we ought to be jealous ? I have little doubt that the time will come , when such arguments will be used , and used successfully , in favour of the admission of a Catholic prince to the throne , if we admit the eligibility of the Catholic , to office and to parliament . Nor do I understand on what grounds it can be argued , that it is more inconsistent with the principles of the constitution , to admit the Catholics to the throne , than to the other blanches of the legislature . They were excluded from the latter at an earlier period than from the former . In the reign of queen Elizabeth , they were incapacitated from holding office ; in the reign of Charles 2 , they were excluded from the House of Commons and the House of Lords ; but it was not until the period of the Revolution , that a Catholic was rendered incapable of inheriting the crown and government of these realms . An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Smith ) , seemed disposed to argue , that the king , having been declared at the time of the Restoration , head of the church , it must necessarily be thence inferred , that the profession of the Protestant faith , since that period , has been a necessary qualification for the throne ; but if this were the law of the land , after the reign of Henry S , where was the necessity , in the time of Charles 2 , of making the attempt , by a new enactment , and which attempt was defeated , to provide for the exclusion of the Duke of York from the throne , on account of his religious tenets . Sir , I am not one of those who think that the removal of the present restrictions upon the Catholics , is an object of little concern to them ; it is natural that those who embark in the lottery of life should be desirous to have the chance , at least , of 912 attaining the highest prizes ; but let the Catholics recollect , that they are not only unwilling to pay the same price for political privileges , which is exacted from the other subjects of his Majesty , but that they have hitherto refused to submit to the same restrictions , which are imposed , with their own consent , and with that of the Pope , upon the Catholics of other countries , wherein the government is not Catholic ; and , when gentlemen refer us to the state of the Catholics in Canada , and to their admission to offices in that country , and in Russia ; let them recollect , that the cases are not parallel . That , in Canada , the Protestant sovereign of this country has the appointment of the Catholic bishops of Quebec ; and that , when the empress Catharine founded the Catholic church of Mohilou , the Pope granted , as a matter of course , his sanction to the appointment of the bishop , nominated by the empress . Let gentlemen recollect , when they charge us with bigotry and intolerance , that the claims , now advanced by the Catholics , are claims , which would have been rejected , without hesitation , at a time when a Catholic prince was upon the throne of these realms , and when Catholics themselves composed its legislature . I am not now enquiring whether the securities , which have been required of the Catholics , are adequate , or not , for the purpose , for which they are proposed ; but I contend that