contentions of factions—such restrictions on the royal authority—such violations of the constitution—must inevitably have the tendency of holding out to the people that the powers of the crown were not necessary in their full extent for the government of the country . Something ought therefore , to be done , without delay , to put an end to the possibility of such occurrences . It was now more necessary than it might be in 719 other times . There was only one life between us and the recurrence of the difficulty ; and under such circumstances the Bill ought undoubtedly to be received , and the remedy proposed by the hon . baronet , or some other remedy , ought to be adopted . It might perhaps be urged , that this would lead to discussions in regard to some other unfortunate circumstances connected with the royal family ; but legislation ought not to be impeded merely because such discussions might accidentally be introduced . He was convinced , however , that the House would have too much delicacy , and too strong a sense of propriety to introduce such discussions without the most unavoidable necessity . Upon the whole , the right hon . gentleman had stated no good reason against the proposed measure , which should have his most cordial support . could not conceive how those who had defended the Regency restrictions on the ground of necessity , could possibly oppose the present motion , the object of which was , to prevent the recurrence of such necessity ; a necessity , of which he could not sufficiently deprecate the recurrence , when he called to mind , that at one period during the indisposition of his Majesty , ministers had actually exercised the functions of the executive in all their plenitude : for it ought never to be forgotten , that in 1804 circumstances did arise which made it more than suspicious , that publicity was not given to the real circumstances of his Majesty 's indisposition , and that ministers did then contrive some way or other to exercise the royal authority , at a time when his Majesty 's state of health rendered him quite incompetent to the discharge of the functions of royalty . agreed with an hon . gentleman , that if a message should come down from the crown , for the purpose of settling the question of Regency in future , it would be the most regular and graceful way for parliament to proceed upon the subject . At the same time , it must be recollected , that parliament had at different times proceeded to alter the succession of the crown , and sometimes without any message . Those great men who passed the celebrated Exclusion Bill , did not wait for a message from the crown upon the subject . It was most clearly within the power of parliament , to originate the question themselves . It was said , that there was no great probability of the contingency 720 arriving . In that case , it appeared to him that the subject might be discussed without any irritation , and without any revival of those angry feelings which had been so much deprecated , but drily as a simple constitutional question . If the contingency should really happen , then there would be a tenfold acrimony in the discussion ; whereas the question might be now settled with the utmost temperance . Concurring entirely in the principle of the hon . baronet , he thought however there was a more eligible method of attaining his object , than that which he had chosen , namely , the referring the consideration of the question to a committee of the House . said , that although the question might have come better from the ministers of the crown , yet as the hon . baronet had thought proper to bring it forward to the consideration of the House , he wished , before he gave his vote in favour of it , to explain , in a very few words , the reason of his so doing . He