the real opinions of the Catholics , quoting passages from a publication entitled `` The Third Part of the Statement of Penal Laws , '' which it was asserted , had been published by the authority of the Catholic Board . This pretended Third Part of the Statement of Penal Laws , it was notorious in Ireland , was a fabrication , and it was there considered as a joke . It had , however , been observed , that what was considered a joke in Ireland , was sometimes looked upon in a very serious light in this country ; and so it was with this fabrication , which had been industriously circulated , as the real opinions of the Catholics , in Sussex , in many parts of Yorkshire and Lancashire , and in other quarters . It had deterred many persons at Chichester from signing the petition he was then presenting , and was calculated to produce the worst effect , in exciting violence , by the grossest and most mischievous misrepresentation . He therefore trusted , that great caution would be used , in guarding against violence on either side , in order that a calm and dispassionate discussion might be had upon this momentous and vitally important question . moved , That the Resolution of the House , of the 30th day of November last , `` That in all cases of controverted elections for counties in England and Wales , the petitioners do by themselves or by their agents , within a convenient time to be appointed by the House , deliver to the sitting members or their agents , lists of the persons intended by the petitioners to be objected to , who voted for the sitting members ; giving in the said lists , the several heads of objection , and distinguishing the same against the names of the voters excepted to ; and that the sitting members do by themselves or by their agents , within the same time , deliver the like lists on their part to the petitioners or their agents , '' might be read ; and the same being read : the hon . gentleman next moved , `` That the hon . John Frederick Campbell , and the several freeholders , who have petitioned this House , complaining of the undue election and return of sir John Owen , bart . for the county of Pembroke , do , on or before Monday next , deliver to the said sir John Owen , or his agent or agents , lists of the persons intended by the petitioners to be objected to who voted for the said sir John Owen , giving in the said lists the several heads of objection , and distinguishing the same against the names of the voters excepted to ; and that the said sir John 843 Owen do , by himself or his agents , within the same time , deliver the like lists on his part to the said several petitioners , or to their agent or agents . '' objected in strong terms , to the hardships that would be imposed upon him , were the House to grant the motion . The standing order required that an application of this sort should be made by the petitioner within a convenient time . Now the motion was six weeks after the petition against his return was presented , and only three days before the time fixed for trying the election . It would be impossible for him to send down 200 miles into Pembrokeshire to procure such lists in time to be presented before the Committee . contended , that it was not the fault of the petitioner , that delay had taken place : and , therefore he should not be precluded of availing himself from those standing regulations of the House , which were necessary to enable him to support his petition . He had no intention whatever of taking the hon . baronet by surprise ; and , as a proof of it , his hon . friend the petitioner , would have no objection to