the usurped domination of a foreign priest . Upon the whole then , I say , that in this balance of evils , we have a much less difficult choice , a much less doubtful alternative presented to us than commonly occurs in the conduct of human affairs . On the one side we have the danger of giving more power to the Catholics . I say , more power , for be it not forgotten that power , great power , they already have and always must have , do what you may—a danger which for the reasons which I have endeavoured , though feebly and imperfectly to state , I conceive to be very small . On the other you have , first , the loss which arises from repressing the spirit of honourable exertion in a very large body of your own subjects , even supposing them to acquiesce patiently under the disqualification . This is what every statesman , and every man of sense , whether reasoning à priori upon the probable effect of such restraints , or founding his opinion upon the effect they have actually had in the country in which they have been tried to such an extent , and with such perseverance , must regard as a great , and almost intolerable grievance . It is that which if necessary is to be deplored , but if unnecessary is to be abominated , and the regret one would naturally feel at its existence is only increased by recollecting what things Ireland has done , and what men Ireland has produced , while palsied by the operation of a system which allows only one fourth of her population to enter upon that career , whether of civil or of military glory , which in our own time has been graced by Mr. Burke , by lord Wellington , and him , whom , though present , I can not refrain from adding , my right hon . friend who moved this question . Then , Sir , in the next place , and in the same scale , we must put the dangers that 934 must arise from the growing discontent of a large and powerful body . Sir , this is a point upon which I touch cautiously and unwillingly , and which I had rather leave to the private , but candid consideration , of every gentleman , than urge to the utmost in public debate . For , I am persuaded , that nothing can be more injudicious in the advocates of the Catholic claim , nothing worse for the Catholics themselves , nothing more likely to frustrate the whole benefit of the measure , than to treat it , in what might be considered as , an angry or a threatening tone ; and I regard it as one of the most important results of the happy change which the last year has produced in the affairs of Europe , that the destruction of the French army in Russia , and the victories of lord Wellington , — victories gained by an Irishman—have enabled us to offer to Ireland as a boon and a favour , as the result of our unbiassed opinion upon a great question ; as the spontaneous effect of political justice and wisdom in the legislature , that , which if it were conceded at a moment when the fleets of Spain , bearing the armies of France , were ready to issue forth from every port in the peninsula , to invade a kingdom without an ally ( a crisis which at no remote period seemed fast approaching ) would have lost all its immediate effect in composing the differences between the two countries , whilst it seemed to be wrung from the terrors of an unconvinced and reluctant parliament . Thus much , however , I think , may be said without exaggeration , and without offence , that the situation of the Catholics is such as must generate in them feelings unfavourable to the public repose ; and it may not unfairly be asked , whether if the discontent prevailing in that