the country from being exchanged against the lawful money of the realm , below a certain rate , would , if it could be carried into effect , cause the awful money of the realm wholly to disappear , and would , in proportion to its efficacy , preclude the application of the most appropriate remedies for the present derangement in the circulation of the country . 4 . `` That the free exchange of the lawful money of the realm with the paper currency , on such terms as the holders of each may think proper to settle among themselves , is not only the undoubted right of the subject , but affords the best means of restoring the circulation of the country to its sound and natural state , by establishing two prices for all commodities when so ever the one currency is from any cause depreciated below the other 5 . `` That no law whatsoever can alter the real value of the paper currency in relation to the lawful money of the realm , nor alter the real value of either kind of currency in relation to all other commodities ; and that any attempt to fix the 298 rates at which paper and coin shall pass current , must , in proportion to its success , interfere with the just and legal execution of all contracts already existing , without the possibility of affecting the terms upon which contracts shall be made in time to come . 6 . `` That it is the bounden duty of the Commons House of Parliament , as the guardians of the rights of the people , to discountenance and resist a scheme which has for its immediate objects the establishment of a maximum in the money trade of the realm , and the dissolution of the obligations already contracted by numerous classes of the community , but which has for its ground work principles leading to an universal law of maximum , and the infraction of every existing contract for the payment of money , and that the said Bill has the said objects , and proceeds upon the said principles . '' The Resolutions being put were all negatived . Upon the third Resolution , the House divided , when the numbers were , For the Resolution 29 . For the previous Question 73 . Majority against the Resolution 44. observed , that the amount of currency was now entirely under the regulation of a body , who had declared , that they governed their issues by no other rule than the supposed solidity of those upon the security of whose bills they made their advances . Provided the Bill was considered the representation of a real commercial transaction , and payable at a short date , it was admitted that no further test was deemed necessary of the propriety of any issue . How the di- 299 rectors always ascertained this point lie did not know , but he believed there were cases in which they had been mistaken . The practical consequences of such a system was , that enterprising speculators were tempted by these new facilities into undertakings , many of which , in the course of time , naturally failed , and caused very extensive distress . Another effect equally important was , that the main ground on which the system was originally supported had been entirely taken away , and that instead of being enabled through its operation to prosecute the war in the peninsula , it now was the great obstacle to its progress . repeated several statements , which he had a few days since laid before the House , in order to show that the foreign exchanges were entirely independent of the domestic currency . He endeavoured , likewise , to shew that the whole amount of our present circulation fell short of what it was when gold formed the larger part of the currency . He was aware that the issues of the country banks were considerable ; but in many parts , and particularly in Lancashire , no country paper whatever was in circulation . in a