the first , it was not easy to state how far those invested with the highest judicial functions could or could not , ought or ought not to conform to the judicial character . The different other expedients which had been suggested , had their apology in the taunting manner in which those who opposed this Bill had been called upon to substitute some other project in its place ; and , therefore , he would suggest a remedy that had not hitherto been mentioned . In the House of Lords great part of the appeals , at least four-fifths , were from Scotland , and in cases where the decision must turn upon the facts , and not upon the law . The appeal in those cases was from a jurisdiction which had an opportunity of knowing the facts , to one which had not such an opportunity . Most lawyers , he believed 481 found it difficult to see why an appeal , in matters of fact , was necessary to a higher tribunal . In England the Appeals were only upon questions of law , and many of the most eminent lawyers thought that this regulation might with advantage be extended to Scotland . If this were done , a great proportion of the Scotch Appeals would be cut off , and the pressure would in a great measure be withdrawn , while some temporary expedient might be adopted to get rid of the present arrear . This was not the proper time , nor did he feel himself competent to propose a remedy , he merely alluded to a mode by which great assistance could be rendered to the justice of the country . With regard to the observation of his hon . and learned friend near him ( Mr. Stephen ) that it might be difficult to procure the attendance of the members of this House at so early an hour as 10 o'clock , he reminded him , that several bodies of the members did actually sit at that hour upon committees , and he saw no good reason why the Lords should not also enforce attendance at an early hour , if necessary for the purposes of justice . But if it was really impossible to procure such an attendance , how did this Bill remedy that evil ? —He next called the attention of the House to the state of the arrears in the Exchequer , which was as formidable an evil as the arrears in the Court of Chancery . This being notorious , it would be unworthy of the legislature , when employed in providing a remedy for an evil of this nature , to pass over the state of the arrears in the Exchequer , with out notice . A general comprehensive remedy ought to be applied ; this narrow measure was utterly inefficient . It hardly created a judge at all . It was an intire innovation , in point of principle , in the administration of justice ; for when a suitor set down his cause for the purpose of having the opinion of the Chancellor in the first instance , it would depend upon the arbitrium of the Chancellor whether the suitor should have it or not . With regard to the separation of bankruptcy causes from the other business of the Court , he was far from agreeing with those who thought that such a separation would yield no material relief . He was convinced it would ; for the business in cases of bankruptcy now constituted a very considerable proportion of the whole business of the Court . thought it was incumbent on the House not simply to ascertain that the 482 evil existed , but to inquire into the nature , extent , and origin of it . In doing this , they would find that the evil in its present magnitude arose from the number of Appeals from Scotland . Why , then , not advert to this fact , and look for the remedy in the country from whence it came , in a reform of the Scottish law . It