, the moment when , upon one of the wildest tracts of the south western part of the county of Limerick , I was myself surrounded by an immense multitude , composed altogether of individuals professing the Catholic faith , clamouring round me , and urging me to procure for them , from their landlord , as the greatest boon which it was in his power to bestow , the means of giving to their children some advantages of education . Of education , Sir , not in the peculiar tenets and doctrines of that religion against which it is objected that it seeks always to keep its votaries in darkness and ignorance ; but their wish was for such a degree of instruction as should enable them to read , with their own eyes , and judge with their own understanding , of those truths , upon which all religion must depend . It is not unimportant , Sir , to consider , by whom the application , to which I have alluded , was supported . The person , Sir , by whom this wish of the people was most earnestly and emphatically 840 pressed upon me , and by whose assistance I was enabled to give effect to it , was the Catholic priest . That minister who , by some , is represented as perpetually engaged in mischievous intrigue , but whom , as far as my experience has gone , I have invariably found most sincerely anxious for , and actively co-operating in , any plan for the improvement of the people and the advantage of his country . Sir , I may perhaps look at this part of the subject with too sanguine an eye ; but I do confess that , to my mind , this readiness , or rather I should say , this eagerness and anxiety of the Catholic population of Ireland to give to the rising generation the advantages of education , does afford a prospect of more efficient and permanent security for the Protestant establishment in church and state , than the most sanguine legislator could hope to provide by any code of restrictive regulations . Sir , it must not be supposed , because I have confined myself to that which may perhaps in argument be termed a narrow view of the question , that I do not feel the importance of the many topics which , in a more general view of the subject , have been introduced into this discussion . Out of respect to the House , I have purposely confined myself to that view of the subject to which my attention has been particularly drawn ; but which I consider only as one , among many views which lead to the same conclusion . Suffice it to say that , in every sentiment expressed in the speech of the right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunkett ) I most sincerely concur , although I will not run the risk of weakening his arguments by repeating them . Thinking therefore , Sir , after the most attentive consideration of all which has been argued upon this subject , that very much may be safely done for the Catholics , and being confirmed in that opinion , by all the observation which I have been enabled to make upon the situation , the character , and the conduct of those , upon whose character and conduct the safety or danger of the measure must depend , I shall give my vote for the motion of the right hon . gentleman , with a perfect conviction , that , in so doing , I best consult the welfare of my country , and the well understood interests of the Protestant church . presented a petition from certain inhabitants of Chichester and its neighbourhood , in favour of the Catholic claims . His lordship stated , that when notice was issued that this petition was lying for signatures , a hand-bill was circulated , part of which he read , warning persons against signing it ; and for the purpose , as alleged , of stating