notwithstanding all the lamentation which they had heard for the absence of that learned judge , which lamentation , no doubt , would be renewed to the full , in the case of any one appointed to the office of Vice-Chancellor , he ( Mr. W. ) thought it expedient , that not only the 685 Master of the Rolls , but the Masters in Chancery , and the Welch Judges , should be excluded from the House , although no doubt sir W. Grant had made a great display of talent in that House , and even risen to his high office by that means . [ No ! from the ministerial side . ] This was the first time he had heard the fact disclaimed.—The question should not be considered personally as it respected the Master of the Rolls , but the officer in general . The only imputation he had heard on the Master of the Rolls , was that brought forward by an hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) , on a former night ; who had stated that that judge would not sit at the Cockpit , from a political pique against the administration , and this formed an additional reason that the Master of the Rolls should not have a seat in parliament , where he was exposed to political partialities . The Master of the Rolls would not permanently have this additional business , as much of the pressure arose from the circumstance , that the Chancellor , through an anxious desire to do strict justice , did little or nothing . As other opportunities would offer for delivering his sentiments upon the principle of the Bill , he should only say one word as to the harmony always supposed by the Solicitor General to exist in the Court of Chancery . There were instances , such as in the case of lord Thurlow , and lord Alvanley , where the Chancellor conceived the greatest contempt for the Master of the Rolls , and would never suffer that judge to sit for him . If such a prejudiced Chancellor existed hereafter , a Vice-Chancellor , though endowed with all the learning and all the talents , forensic and parliamentary , of the horn and learned Solicitor General , might be reduced to a sinecurist . He might strut about with his train-bearer and his secretary—great at a levee or any where else—but in the Court of Chancery worse than nothing . thought , that nothing in his hon . and learned friend 's speech justified the attack which the hon . gentleman had made on him . The characteristic of what his hon . and learned friend had said on a former night , and what he had that night repeated , was , that it had all the weight of argument , and was stated in a perfectly inoffensive manner . His hon . and learned friend could not be accused of arrogance , seeing that he had been challenged as a lawyer to come forward , and had done so accordingly—In 686 answer to an objection which had been been urged with respect to the possible abuse of the authority to be given by this Bill , he would observe that the Lord Chancellor might now , as the law at present existed , come into court , and take any cause out of the hands of the Master of the Rolls , even after it had commenced . This consequence , improbable and unheard of as it was , might be expected to happen if we were to argue from the abuse of the law and not the use of it . The different plans which had been proposed to be substituted for the present Bill were a sort of centre-projects which operated the one as a complete negative upon the other . One hon . gentleman opposite had that night distinctly stated his conviction that the erecting the bankruptcies into a separate department would create much difficulty and confusion . He himself thought that the same interruption and confusion would necessarily follow from overloading the Master