maiden speech , began by remarking , that to his understanding , it appeared quite clear , that the depreciation of any currency could arise only from one of two causes—either from a want of confidence in those by whom it was issued , or from an excess in the amount of their issues . This proposition was so indisputable , that upon this part of the subject , he should make but few observations in speaking of the value of gold , or of any other circulating medium , he thought it would not be to require too much , if gentlemen were to state in what commodity it was they estimated that value . The price of any article could only be ascertained by a comparison with the value of some other . In the year 1718 , when the nominal value of the guinea was considerably raised , the immediate effect was , to render gold exclusively the currency of the country . It was stated , he believed , in lord Liverpool 's Letter to the King , that during a period of some extent , the value of gold remained stationary , whilst that of silver had undergone several variations . The rate of exchange to which the right hon . gentleman , who preceded him , had referred , could serve to throw no light whatever on the question to which it was applied . 300 No alteration in the balance of exchanges between countries not possessing mines of their own could affect the system of their internal circulation . It was utterly impossible , that in a general interchange of commodities , the demand for the precious metals should ever be excessive . These principles were so incontrovertible and so well established , that he was at a loss to attribute the diversity of opinion which prevailed respecting them to any other cause , than a disagreement in the meaning of the term employed , by which , what was obvious to one understanding was rendered unintelligible to another . If this were not the case , he must be led to conclude , that different understandings were differently constructed . But with respect to the Bill immediately before the House he rose on this occasion to enter his humble protest against it . Bad as the system was to which it belonged , he regarded it as its worst part , because it cut off the last hope that remained of revising it . With regard to what had been said about a pound note and a shilling being equivalent to a guinea , he thought that it proved that the parliamentary meaning of the word equivalent was very different from the common acceptation of it ; and that thus the word equivalent , like permanent ( as a noble lord had stated a few evenings ago ) had two different meanings . Unless this were the case , it was certainly impossible to prove that a pound note and a shilling were equal to a guinea . The remedy proposed by this Bill appeared to embrace , as a principal object , the prevention of two prices . Now , with respect to two prices , properly speaking there was an inaccuracy in the language ; two prices in fact could never exist . It was not possible to maintain the existence of two contemporary currencies of unequal values . In the reign of William 3 , as every body knew , one part of the currency became degraded below its nominal value , and the consequence was , that it banished from circulation that part which was justly estimated . The hardship complained of by the public creditor was not that the currency was merely depreciated , but that he was obliged to receive it at one value , and pay it away at another . It might be a harsh name to call this Bill , if it passed , an act for the promotion of fraud ; but it certainly was not a law for the distribution of justice . Persons constantly engaged in the purchase and sale