; we are satisfied with them , and let them who ask for the change , be called upon to prove its necessity . This committee , into which we are requested to enter , is not a committee upon the claims of the Catholics , but a committee to review and revise the British constitution ; where the Protestant establishment is to be put on its defence , and to be heard by counsel at the bar . Sir , in the course of this debate , many compliments have been paid to a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) but none which the eloquence and abilities which he has displayed in the speech , which he delivered , did not fully justify . Sir , I concur in the admiration , which has been so generally expressed , of the speech of the right hon . gentleman , but there is one quality , and a rare one , for which I most admire it , I mean for its sincerity . I know , Sir , what popularity the right hon . gentleman might have acquired , had he pursued a different course ; the sorry pre-eminence , which he might have attained , had he consented to advocate the cause of unqualified concession . The deputations and processions with which he would have been hailed on his return to Dublin , the addresses he might have received , and the answers he might have returned . He might have shared , with the bishop of Norwich , the honours which were paid to that reverend prelate at the orgies of the Black Abbey of Kilkenny ; and he might have heard his name associated with such sentiments and such toasts as these , `` Lord Wellington , and may the victories of Irishmen cease to secure their own degradation . '' `` Mr. Cobbett and the free press of England . '' Sir , we are told that we are dealing unfairly by the Catholics , in imputing to them , as a body , the line of conduct , which some intemperate agitators amongst them pursue . But , Sir , if they are liable to be implicated and blamed for the conduct of 909 others , why do n't they rescue themselves from the imputation , and protest against the conduct of those , whose proceedings have no other effect than that of prejudicing their cause ? Sir , if they want a precedent , they can find it in the year 1791 . There was then a period when 68 of the most respectable of the Catholic body , seceded from the party with which they had been united ; had the boldness to avow their disapprobation of its proceedings , and in loyal and dutiful , but not degrading terms , preferred to the throne , their petition for relief from heavier restrictions than any to which they are now exposed . In resolutions such as these , which I shall have pleasure in reading , they approached their sovereign : `` That grateful for former concessions , we do not presume to point out the measure or extent to which such repeal should be carried , but leave the same to the wisdom and discretion of the legislature , fully confiding in their liberality and benevolence , that it will be as extensive as the circumstances of the times and the general welfare of the empire shall , in their consideration , render prudent and expedient . `` That firmly attached to our most gracious sovereign , and the constitution of the kingdom , and anxiously desirous to promote tranquillity and subjection to the laws , we will studiously avoid all measures which can either directly or indirectly tend to disturb or impede the same , and will rely on the wisdom and benevolence of the legislature , as the source from which we desire to obtain a further relaxation of the above-mentioned laws . '' Amongst the names subscribed to this address , are those of lord Fingal , lord Gormanstown , lord Kenmare , Dr . Troy