the empire , —at Portsmouth , at Plymouth , at Chatham , Dover , Harwich , & c.—constituting a guard over 30 or 40,000 prisoners of war of their own religion . This fact may enable the country , more adequately , to appreciate the value of our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects , as contributing to the safety of the empire . Nor can the resources of Ireland be overlooked in another important view , when it is in proof that her exportations , in provisions alone , amounted , in the year 1811 , to a sum falling very little short of eight millions sterling , a great part of which must have administered to the exigences of our army and navy . These facts should live in our memory , and serve to stimulate our endeavours to secure all their advantages , by measures of conciliation . This great object I have never lost sight of , though the means by which I have endeavoured to promote it , have often been misconstrued . [ The hon . baronet here entered into a detail of the proceedings , connected with the subject of the Catholic claims , from the period of the acts of 1791 and 1793 . He adverted to the causes of the failure , but , as a proof that Mr. Pitt had never changed his opinions , in favour of the measure , he quoted a passage of considerable length , from Mr. Pitt 's speech , in the debate of 1805 on Mr. Fox 's motion , and concluded with this sentence , 'Such were my sentiments formerly , such are they now , and if by a wish , I could carry such a measure into effect , I am ready to confess that I see no rational objection ' He afterwards went into a detail of the securities , which he had uniformly considered as necessary guards of the church and state , as by law established , and which , he maintained , were not fanciful expedients , but such as every government in Europe had adopted , of whatever religious communion . ] 852 I never was an advocate for an actual nomination , exercised by the crown , to the Roman Catholic prelacies , but I have contended that the negative of the crown , upon all such appointments , ought to be enforced . I may instance what occurred upon a former occasion , with respect to Dr. Hussey , the titular bishop of Waterford , whose conduct at Madrid , in 1780 , was such as ought to have excluded him from being nominated to a Catholic see in Ireland . I also , on a former occasion , instanced the case of Dr. Bellew , the titular bishop of Killala , merely to shew that cases might arise where no rational objection could be taken to the character of the individual , but where , nevertheless , a combination of circumstances might produce cause of objection , at a particular crisis . I have long known Dr. Bellew , and believe that no man reflects more credit upon his spiritual charge ; yet , if his nomination to it had taken place in 1798 , instead of many years anterior , he would have found a brother unfortunately engaged in the rebellion , and marching , with a hostile force , against the capital of the very see , to which he had been himself nominated . Another measure of regulation I have also , repeatedly , pressed upon the consideration of the House—a measure which has , also , been sanctioned by the wisdom and policy of every other state—namely , a regulated controul upon the intermission of all Papal rescripts . In other countries , no such rescripts are allowed to be current , without the previous sanction of the state . We have , indeed , an act of the 13th of Eliz . standing as a barrier against such intromissions ; but it is impracticable from its sanguinary provisions , and consequently entirely evaded . To regulate all these objects , so