as a reason for a small or inadequate remuneration to lord Wellington , he would recommend to his Majesty 's ministers a rigid economy in the several departments of the state and in the public expenditure , and this was the source from which he thought that a well-timed generosity might most effectually arise . By an union of the one and other , this would not only be a great and a powerful , but a prosperous , an united , and a happy nation . expressed his regret , that instead of internal warfare , a system of external annoyance was not adopted , which , he contended , would be productive of the greatest advantages to the country , and would not only be more serviceable to the cause of Russia , but would enable government to dictate terms of peace to Buonaparté . This the noble lord thought so plain , as to preclude the necessity of demonstration . He concluded by assenting to the motion , as he was convinced that lord Wellington had done every thing which he could possibly have done , under all the circumstances in which he was placed . had had the misfortune to differ heretofore with a majority of the House , both with respect to the merits and services of lord Wellington , and the remuneration which was bestowed upon them . With respect , however , to the grant which was now proposed , it met with his entire approbation . By acceding to this vote , he did not conceive that he was expressing any opinion with respect to the situation of things in Spain : he at present wished to be considered as having consented to the vote merely in consideration of lord Wellington 's own merits . If he had differed in opinion with others when the thanks of the House were asked for lord Wellington after the battle of Talavera , it was not because he did not think that the battle of Talavera was a great affair , but because he thought that lord Wellington had got his army into a great scrape , and that his army had fought bravely and extricated him . But he did not wish now to repeat what he had thought or said on former occasions . He 213 was not a military man ; and when he was called on in his place to decide on the merits of military men , it was his duty to give the best opinion which he could form under all the circumstances of the case . It was the less to be wondered at that he had not formed a correct estimate of the merits of lord Wellington at that time , as his plan had not developed itself till the first retreat of marshal Massena , which led to operations at last terminating in the battle of Salamanca . By this development he had stamped his character as a great general . The operations of both the French and the English generals were masterly . It had been acknowledged by lord Wellington , that he had never seen a more masterly retreat than Massena 's ; and the emperor of the French was understood to have been well pleased with that retreat . It had in particular been recorded of the part which marshal Ney had had in that affair , that it was one of the most meritorious military retreats ever known . With respect to the sieges of Ciudad Rodrigo , Badajoz and Burgos , never was more consummate valour and desperate courage shewn than on these occasions . At the siege of Badajoz , Philippon , and his brave troops , did every thing it was possible for men to do , before surrendering ; but by the masterly conduct of the British , and in a particular manner by the efforts made by general Picton , that important fortress fell into the hands of lord Wellington . In war , the commander who attempted such daring achievements as these had only to show that they had succeeded to justify the undertaking them .