not extended to the former country , therefore , he argued , that , if there was an infraction of the Act of Union , it was in favour of Ireland . He then stated , that his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , having some reason to doubt whether the Starch Restriction Act , introduced by him last session , was so effectual as he hoped , in preventing the manufacture of that article , intended to repeal it : and it was considered better that the subjects of both countries , in compliance with one of the articles of the Act of Union , should be put on an equality , by permitting each of them to proceed in the manufacture , than by prohibiting them both . did not mean to discuss the merits of the measure which the hon . gentleman had abandoned ; but he wished to observe , in consequence of what fell from the hon . gentleman , that it ought not to weigh with the House , whether an infraction of the Act of Union benefited the manufacturer of this country or of Ireland ; their only duty was , to maintain the Act as it stood . The articles were equally binding on both countries , and all the House had to do was to see that they were strictly complied with . concurred in the justice of the right hon . gentle . man 's observation ; but was of opinion that the measure of his hon . friend , if carried into effect , would not have been contrary to the spirit of the Articles of Union . He then moved that the British Starch Prohibition Bill be entered as read ; and gave notice , that he would to-morrow move that it be taken into consideration by a Committee of the whole House . rose to move the second reading of the Vice Chancellor 's Bill , in doing which he entered at large into the causes which rendered the creation of such an office advisable , and stated the reasons which had induced his Majesty 's ministers to propose the Bill , He first took a view of the necessity which existed for adopting some measure of the kind ; this necessity he contended was indisputable , and therefore the House had no option but to balance between it on the one hand , and the imperfections in any remedy they might think fit to apply on the other . Of its necessity it was not too much to say , that if some mode were not devised to render that judicial portion of our constitution equal to its labours , the whole of the judicial code of the country must be affected , and great injury done to the subject from the impossibility of obtaining timely redress in any suit . As a proof of this , he needed only to state , that there was at present in the House of Lords an arrear of 280 Appeals , which at an average of the rate in which such causes had been decided , could not be determined in less than eleven years . This in itself was a crying grievance to suitors , but the evil did not rest here . It was not confined to the mere suitors in those cases ( great as the hardship was to be lamented as affecting them alone ) , but by the delay in ruling disputed points of law , the number of Appeals themselves were greatly augmented ; for in the determination of these causes might be involved some principles , which , till a decision was obtained , kept the subject in ignorance of the law of the land , and multiplied litigation . Thus the mischief was not peculiar , but extended , and the cause of its own increase . The House must also feel that this delay offered a strong temptation to the ill-disposed , and encouraged persons to present Appeals for the mere purpose of postponing the effects of judgments ; as it was obvious ,