in the morning the House , on the motion of Mr. Ponsonby , adjourned . rose , and staled , that he felt it to be his duty to inform the House , that he had received yesterday , while seated in the chair of that House , a Letter , purporting to come from her royal highness the Princess of Wales , and which it was expressed to be her wish should be communicated to the House . The Letter , however , being without date , and having been delivered to one of the messengers at the door of the House , the Speaker did not think that it came to his hands in such an authenticated form as warranted him in laying it before the House . This day he had felt it incumbent on him to ascertain whether the Letter was authentic or not , and from those enquiries , and from a letter which he had this day received from her royal highness the Princess of Wales , acknowledging that the letter of yesterday came from her , and enclosing a duplicate of it , he had now no longer any reason to doubt the Letter 's being authentic . With the permission of the House , therefore , he should now , if it was their pleasure , read the Letter he had received this day , with the duplicate of the Letter of yesterday inclosed in it . observed , that the letter which had been just read by the Speaker , could not fail , not only to interest every person who had heard it , but to appear to all to be of such importance as to require the immediate attention of the House . He apprehended it was impossible that such a communication could be made from so high a quarter , and suffered to pass with being simply read , in silence . He had waited until a noble lord opposite , a minister of state , one of the confidential servants of the crown , when her royal highness the Princess of Wales 's conduct was formerly taken into consideration , by that part of his Majesty 's most honourable privy council , particularly and popularly designated under the name of the Cabinet , and who must have been one of that body of privy counsellors , to whom the consideration of her Royal Highness 's conduct had recently been submitted—he had waited until he saw that noble lord take his place ( an intimation , as he presumed , that it was not that noble lord 's intention to make any proposition on the subject ) , before he had risen to address the Chair . Not seeing any other hon . member disposed to proceed in the business , he wished to ask the noble lord , whether it was his intention to call the further attention of the House to her Royal Highness 's Letter . replied , that no person could feel more thoroughly than himself the importance and delicacy of the present subject . But , as a notice was entered in the order book , of a motion at no further distant period than the day after to-morrow , relative to her royal highness 985 the Princess of Wales , it did not appear to him to be necessary , at present , to enter on the transaction alluded to . Whatever delicacy he might entertain on the subject , when the proper day should arrive necessity might probably impose on him the obligation of folly explaining all the circumstances of the case . But he trusted that the House would ; agree with him that he had fulfilled his public duty in not anticipating the expected discussion . enquired if the hon . member who had given the notice ( Mr. Cochrane Johnstone ) was in the House . If so , he trusted that he would enter into some explanation on the subject . The Letter which had been read by the Speaker , avowedly originated with her royal highness the Princess of Wales . The hon . member who