that he had done so , was the panegyric on Mr. Baron Thompson , in praising whose talents , learning and character , he could vie with his hon . and learned friend , or with any man in that House ? He , by no means accused his hon . and learned friend of a wish to misrepresent him . He was sure that he had no such intention ; but such was the case . The fact was , that he had adduced the case to show , that although the jurymen had no doubt of the guilt of the criminals , they entertained a doubt of the propriety of a punishment evidently so dissonant to their feelings . In proof of this he would read the Petition which they had addressed to the Regent on the subject.—The hon . and learned gentleman here read a part of the Petition in question.—Reverting to the misconceptions which were entertained of his object , he observed that among them was the absurd supposition that he was desirous of getting rid of all punishments whatever . All that he contended for was , that it was worse than useless to allow punishments to remain on the statute book which were too severe to be enforced . Such a practice led to a relaxation of the law itself . It had been the universal opinion of all wise and reflecting men , that the certainty of a mild punishment was better calculated to repress guilt , than the slight chance of one more severe . The hon . gentleman near him had accused him of holding strange opinions on the subject of capital punishments . He did not , as the hon . gentleman had conceived , set up the humanity of foreigners at the expence of that of the English nation . And with respect to another point , that of taking value into consideration , in estimating the quantum of punishment , he must say if he was wrong in this , 574 that he was so in good company . It was no new doctrine , nor one of his making , but might be found in the works of a very learned man , sir Henry Spelman , who in a celebrated passage had affirmed long since , `` that as all other things had grown dearer , the life of man had grown cheaper . '' And he must still contend , that value was certainly to be considered as an aggravation . What he had stated , was not from any wish to take up the time of the House , but to set the hon . gentlemen right , by whom he had been misrepresented or misunderstood . , in explanation said , that he and his hon . and learned friend agreed as to the propriety of carrying the sentence of the law into effect in the case of the silk stealers last year on the river Thames . He must also allow , that his hon . and learned friend in his clause , left discretion enough to the judges . , as he was the only individual present of that body whose duty it was to advise the sovereign with respect to the infliction of capital punishments ; and as so much had been said of the case of the persons who had been convicted of stealing silk on the Thames , begged permission to offer a few words on the subject . The hon . and learned gentleman had disclaimed any intention of imputing blame to the judge in that case in the discharge of his legal duty ; but did he recollect that the opinion of a judge was also always taken with respect to the propriety of enforcing a capital punishment ? The fact was , that the case in question was one of systematic depredation on the part of persons connected with the conveyance of a very large portion of the mercantile property of the port of London . Adverting to what his hon . and learned friend , the Solicitor General , had said of the scrutiny