mazes , from which they could not disentangle themselves . The only way in which to settle the question was one free from all intricacy , and in which there was no danger ; that was , to extend the privileges of the constitution in all their plenitude to all classes of his Majesty 's subjects , and thus unite them all in its defence , it was to grant to the Catholics that which would unite them to the great body of the people . This should be done without looking to dogmas , which had been promulgated three centuries ago , to tenets maintained by this sect or by that , and to forbear imputing to any sect or class of Christians whatsoever , that spirit by which its adherents had been actuated at former periods . Instead of contemplating the obsolete canons of departed councils , they ought to be guided by the general system of the Catholic church , as acted upon at this day . He would not have trespassed on the Committee , but for the purpose of doing away any false impression which might arise from the assertion that the Catholics were not actuated by a spirit of conciliation . This object he had completely effected , by shewing the manner in which , at the earliest possible period , they had expressed their sentiments on the Resolution which parliament had agreed to . Under every difficulty , the Catholics of Ireland had shewed themselves a grateful and a loyal people . That very body were the victims of a mis- 1236 placed loyalty to a family , who , at all times , had ill-requited them . Their loyalty was recorded on the statute books ; and it was not by the charges of rev . bishops to their clergy , that parliament would be induced to erase those honourable testimonies of bravery and devotion for their country—or to impede their just reward . Those claims to the confidence and support of their fellow-subjects being allowed , it was unjust to withhold from them the rights to which every man was entitled under the constitution . If the statements of some hon . gentlemen were true , the legislature must undo a great deal of what they had already done . Those gentlemen declared , that the Catholic should not be permitted to exercise any political power—in other words , they were contending against what they had already given ; for , by extending the elective franchise , political power had been conferred . `` But , '' it was observed , `` it is now necessary to make a stand . '' The only meaning which he could attach to this expression was , that , because the legislature had granted the Catholics a power , which , if they pleased , they might exercise improperly , but which they had used most constitutionally and correctly , therefore they were to be shut out from further privileges . The bar had been thrown open , to a certain extent , in 1793 , but the Catholic wag severed from its highest honours ; he wondered that those who were most active in procuring that indulgence did not perceive by what had since taken place , that when gentlemen of the legal profession were prevented from rising by their acquirements , they would , of necessity , become the leaders of popular assemblies . This really had happened , and it was a strong argument in favour of removing the barrier by which their promotion was impeded . What , he would ask , was it which dissolved the administration in 1807 ? It was an attempt to extend to the Roman Catholics those very privileges , ( considerably qualified indeed ) , which a right hon . gentleman that night expressed his willingness to grant to them . This was a strong proof that the prejudices against the Catholics were subsiding . A few years ago the coronation oath was considered as the great bar to their claims—that had vanished ; the dangers to be apprehended from permitting them to embrace