officers of the army , by the exploits of others serving with them , ought , however , to increase , instead of lessening the jealousy with which we ought to guard against the incorporation of foreign troops with our own . This was not a military question , nor one in which we were to appeal to the sentiments of the army . It was a constitutional question , on which the members of that House were to decide , as the guardians of the rights and civil liberties of the country . What he had risen for , was to direct the 271 attention of the House to a circumstance which had not been noticed , the affectation which so generally and ridiculously prevailed of imitating the dress of foreign soldiers . All characteristics of English regiments , especially in the cavalry , were completely obliterated . From the known predilection for this dress in a certain quarter , our troops were so Germanised or Frenchified in their appearance , that the most serious consequences were to be apprehended . In more than one instance , this mischievous apish imitation had proved fatal . In fact , English soldiers had fallen , and English officers had been taken prisoners in consequence of mistaking a corps of French troops for our own , and in the retreat from Salamanca , one of our officers was near being killed by order of a brother officer , who supposed him to be French . Notwithstanding the general sense entertained on this subject by the army , either remonstrances had not reached the source from which the remedy must spring , or had been ineffectual ; so far had taste prevailed over judgment . Whatever might be our admiration of foreign troops employed with our own , there was surely no need to confound the two services together ; each might retain a distinct uniform and independent character of its own . He could not abstain from expressing his concern at the conclusion of the speech of a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , who after the strongest and most pointed arguments in favour of the propriety of the motion , expressed in language which only that gentleman could command , had declared his intention of voting against it . This conduct of the right hon . gentleman was , however , nothing new : he had been a good deal in the habits of speaking on one side of the question , and giving his vote on the other ; nor should he , after that night , ever think himself entitled to calculate upon his support in a division from the arguments he might have made use of in the course of the debate . rose on the part of the maltsters of Scotland , from whom he had received such a representation as urged him , from a strong sense of duty , to call the attention of the House to this subject . It appeared to him , indeed , that if the limitation fixed in the measure before the House were insisted upon , there would be no malting in Scotland , and of course there would be no duty . According to the act of last year , the time allowed for steeping barley was settled at 55 hours ; but this being found quite insufficient for the maltsters of Yorkshire and the northern counties , this Bill was introduced to correct that mistake , and to extend the time to 65 hours , because from the comparative inferiority of the barley in these districts , such extension was found absolutely necessary . Now what he had to require on the part of his countrymen was , that as they were still more northerly , and their barley still inferior from the inferiority of the soil , a still farther extension might be granted to them . The reason assigned 276 for this limitation of the time in steeping barley , was avowedly to prevent frauds upon the revenue ; but as no such frauds could be charged on the Scotch maltsters ,