country ( he need hardly mention the name of lord Nelson ) , if we recalled the most brilliant period of her annals , to what accidents must we not attribute it , that the French fleet twice escaped the vigilance of his pursuit , and landed an army of 40,000 men in Egypt. , In the commencement of the present war , the combined fleets of the enemy had escaped from the Straits of Gibraltar , had proceeded to India , and on their return , coming out from the bay of Trafalgar , had furnished the occasion for that victory which stamped immortality on the name of the hero who achieved it . He mentioned these circumstances to do away the imputation of imbecility which had been thrown out . He would only at present detain their lordships with one reflection more . It was true that neutral states were liable to certain inconveniences , but they also possessed great advantages over others . America owed her advancement in population , in agriculture , 586 in arts , and prosperity , to the security and protection afforded her by Great Britain , to the dominion of this country over that vast element which separated her from European power and jealousy . Although , therefore , she might have had wrongs , although she might have had grounds of complaint , although she might have had pressing provocations , yet she ought to have looked to this country as the guardian power to which she was indebted , not only for her comforts , not only for her rank in the scale of civilization , but for her very existence . From the papers now laid before the House , from every page and line of those papers , it would appear that she had constantly shewn the strongest partiality towards France . It was important that this fact should be known ; for it must eventually have the effect of opening the eyes of the inhabitants of both countries to the conduct and motives of the American government . said , it was far from his intention to ground a charge of misconduct against ministers on the escape of certain ships : his objection had gone distinctly to the mode of stationing our naval force on the American coast , and to the limited extent of that force so employed . found himself compelled to break through that unanimity which had been so anxiously desired that night , and also to state , very briefly , the grounds on which he should withhold his assent from the Address . He admitted that the war on the part of America was a war of passion , and not of necessity : but be regretted that the Address had been so worded as to imply that the American government had peremptorily insisted on our surrender of the right of impressing seamen , and to this he could not agree on the face of the evidence . A proposal to explain and adjust , was not a proposal to surrender . From the statement of Mr. Monroe , it appeared that the shades of difference on the subject were so nice , that he himself was not without hopes that they might still be done away . The noble Secretary of State was , he conceived , not correct in stating , that no country had ever claimed authority over naturalized subjects . A statute of the 2d of queen Anne was then lying on their table , which extended the protection of this country to any person in any state of Europe taking the oath of allegiance to the British government . If 587 the sentiments of the American government were not greatly altered since he had the honour of negotiating with them , they were very ready to make concessions in this point . Had any member of Congress , of equal eloquence with the noble lord , drawn such a picture of the sufferings of the friends and parents of the seamen detained by this country , as the noble lord had presented on the other side ,