, and the diffusion of animosities and bickerings , prejudicial to the interests and happiness of the community at large . In expressing my wish to go into the committee , I do it the more sincerely , because I am convinced it is the best and the only way of meeting the wishes of those who are friendly to the Catholics , and of encountering and satisfying the objections of those who are inimical to their claims . I concur in resting this right upon the same , principle which I laid down and supported last year . The right hon . gentleman who brought forward this question.—in a way certainly which does honour to his candour and abilities , no less than to the cause which he advocates . 1026 —tells us , that he means to propose in the committee a general Resolution , as the foundation of the Bill which he intends to propose ; and he assures us , that the Bill will be in strict conformity to the Resolution . This line of conduct I think perfectly fair , for the Bill must of course be submitted to the committee , and after having undergone the examination which it may be found to require , it will be then for the House to determine , whether the Bill be fit and proper to be entertained . So far I readily coincide with the views of the right hon . gentleman ; yet I must say , with all the candour which the right hon . gentleman has a right to expect from me , that the proposed Bill is one , if I understand it as I should , designed to repeal all former acts against the Catholics , with the simple but full recognition of the established church . If this be all the provision to be made , —if this be all the safeguard to be set up for the establishment in church and state , as it actually exists , —I must , Sir , now declare , that this Bill shall have my decided and unqualified opposition ; for , anxious as I am to obtain the best possible security for the preservation of the constitution in church and state , I am bound to maintain , that such a Bill can not impart any security proportionate to the apprehensions which a measure so very general and undefined must excite . Let me rather speak out plainly , and say , that such a Bill would call in question the very security of the constitution , as it is at present established in church and state . I can not , Sir , consent to a sweeping Bill of Repeal , without the adjustment of precise points , —without the settlement of disputed claims , —without the sanction of those safeguards to which we are bound finally to look , leaving us , should we be so absurd and preposterous as to adopt it , in danger , —if not of sudden ruin , at least exposed to certain and ultimate destruction . It is , therefore , my fixed opinion , that the right hon . gentleman ought to give to the House the whole of the system upon which he means to proceed ; and to state in specific terms the means by which he hopes to be enabled to carry it on I think most seriously , that great danger is likely to arise to the country , from the exclusion in which the Catholics are compelled to live out of the constitution , and from their consequent connection with and dependence upon a foreign power ; yet the difficulties that are to be overcome in obviating the danger are , no doubt , 1027 numerous and considerable . I certainly would not propose that this House , in legislating for the Catholics of Ireland , should go so far as to proceed by way of premunire against their intercourse with a foreign power ; but I would have recourse to every justifiable mode to render that intercourse , since it is thought indispensably requisite , congenial