appear , a bad political pamphlet , in place of a pious and religious Charge , —a pamphlet full of unfounded statements , exaggerated inferences , and inaccurate quotations ; charging , on the whole body of Catholics , the profession of principles , incompatible with their duty as good subjects ; and calling the rebellion of 1798 , a Catholic rebellion . If similar charges had been brought against an individual Catholic , the consequences must have been the conviction of the reverend prelate for a libel . That this must have been the case is evident , from the fate , which befel a work , entitled a `` Fair Representation of the Political State of Ireland . '' The author of which did try the experiment , of making similar charges against a Catholic gentleman of the name of Latin . Mr. Latin brought as 989 action against the publisher , Mr. Wright : lord Kenyon told the jury it was an atrocious libel , and 500l . damages were given to Mr. Latin . If the crime of libel consists , in its tendency to disturb the public peace , how much more deserving of punishment is the reverend prelate , for having directed his Charge against a whole people ? But though the laws may be inadequate to reach the precise description of offence , which he has committed , is the reverend prelate to escape with perfect impunity ? We are told that parliament , in such cases , may interfere and provide for their defect ; would it not then be but common justice to the Catholics , to make this publication of the reverend prelate the subject of a distinct motion ? Of the several petitions , which have been laid upon the table , many of which have evidently been framed on the model of this reverend prelate 's Charge , there is one which peculiarly deserves attention : —that from the town of Huddersfield , in which a rev . Mr. Coates took a leading part . This petition contains a paragraph stating that the Catholics hold it to be a praiseworthy act to murder a heretic ; —a more unfounded , a more uncharitable , or a more unprincipled accusation never was advanced by any other body of men . Such a petition , containing such a charge , ought not to be allowed to be on the table , without further examination ; for if the charge could , by any possibility , be true , it is due to the public to provide against the danger which threatens the state : but if it is false , then it is due to the Catholic '' to give them an opportunity of exposing it . If the House should take no further notice of it , it would lend its sanction to converting the right of petitioning , into a ready instrument of calumny and defamation . The cry of the danger of the church is not now set on foot for the first time , by the clergy of this country . Such an occurrence took place in the reign of queen Anne : in that reign , both Houses of parliament took up the subject and voted that the church was not in danger , and addressed the queen to punish the authors of the scandalous reports , and publications , which were then forced into circulation . Bishop Burnet gives the following account of what passed in parliament on that occasion : `` On the day appointed we were all made to believe , that we should hear many frightful things ; but our expectations 990 were not answered ; some spoke of danger from the presbytery , that was settled in Scotland ; some spoke of the absence of the next successor ; some reflected on the occasional Bill , that was rejected in that House , & c. `` In opposition to all this it was said , that the church was safer now than ever it had been : The toleration had softened the temper of the dissenters and they concurred zealously