it was not fair to say , that there must be , because there might be abuse . He allowed that the argument might not be legitimate merely as such , but the question here to be considered , was , if the convenience of the use expected to be produced , might not be outweighed by the inconvenience of the abuse of which the proposed measure was susceptible ? And , in his opinion , the latter infinitely outweighed the former . It was asked , also , how it could be supposed that the Lord Chancellor would be guilty of a neglect of his duty or an abandonment of his judicial labours ; but he would ask in return , whether the principle of all law was not contrary to this blind confidence in personal character ? The law did not presume that a man would do his duty , because he might do it : it rather took care to provide that he should do it . If it was to be supposed that a man would do his duty , there was no law on the subject wanted . Here a case arose in which the Vice-Chancellor employed on the increase which existed in Chancery , would have a considerable portion of time on his hands . His time was placed at the command of the Chancellor , vested with the power to instruct his deputy in the performance of his duty in his place . The Chancellor had the functions of a burthen-some office to discharge ; he had also other 526 services of a different description , which , were occasionally required of him . In these circumstances , considering the strong temptation placed before him by the creation of such an office , was it not possible that he might feel inclined , at times , to yield to the pressure , and employ the Vice-Chancellor in what ought properly to be executed by himself ? Might not the House naturally conclude that the purest and best of men might occasionally sink into the indulgence presented to his acceptance . But it was said by the advocates of the Bill on the other side , the eye of the public would be upon him , so that no change of the kind was to be dreaded . This he did not question . He did not expect any violent change ; and it was true that the public observation might restrain him from any sudden or great alteration ; but the innovation would not be of that nature . What he anticipated was , that the practice would creep in imperceptibly , and that the proper duties of the Chancellor would , one by one , be transferred over to the Vice-Chancellor , till it should in time be forgotten that there ever was a Chancellor with those duties . And this , too , would be the case even where the Chancellor was effective and the Vice-Chancellor was not . This , however , was not all . There was another view of the case in which it appeared most important that the duties now performed by the Chancellor should not be transferred over to the Vice-Chancellor . If there existed any jealousy with respect to this officer , there might be a safeguard ; but when he was invested with the same legal trust , the safeguard of public jealousy disappeared , and the Chancellor might , in obedience to higher commands , become involved in the mazes of political intrigue , to the abandonment of all duties except his appellant ones . When it appeared to those who had the command over the Chancellor , that there was an assistant who had sufficient time on his hands to ease him of part of his judicial duties , was there not reason to dread that he would be involved still deeper than he had hitherto been in political business , and in intrigue not known to belong to his office ? No rational man could look at the present measure with attention , and not see , that if adopted ,