amount of taxes under the new plan , viz . 750,000l . and 1,700,000l . which was called for the charges , & c. under the old plan . The new system would not create an immediate effect ; but he called on those who were the guardians of the public finances in that House , to consider its operation very seriously . For his own part he should come to the discussion with a calm and deliberate mind ; and he was sure , political differences being laid aside , the House would have but one object in view—the safety and security of the country . observed , that whatever were the merits or demerits of the plan , he thought no expressions should have been made use of , tending to create an immediate effect on public credit . In this point of view , the hon . gentleman who had just sat down had , in his opinion , placed the question on its true grounds , and corrected the doubts which had been thrown out , in ' speeches made that evening—he was convinced that those by whom they were delivered , had no intention of producing any unpleasant feeling in the public mind ; but still what had been observed , if it had gone out to the world , unaccompanied by the statement of the hon . gentleman , who spoke last , that no immediate effect would be produced , might have done mischief . without any declared opposition on his part to the plan , thought ! it became the duty of the committee to : examine , in the most minute manner , the resolutions , with respect both to their immediate and futue operration on the financial system of the country . noticed two objections : first , that by this proposed plan the amount ! of the Sinking Fund would eventually be diminished , and the funds consequently reduced : second , he hoped that no unfair impression would go abroad . His own general opinion was , that it was better to pass a prospective measure of this description than to adopt it suddenly . It was not enough to look at it as it might affect taxation , but its future operation on the stock market it was equally important to attend to . Another point was , how far it was consistent with the public faith pledged in 1792 , and the Act of Parliament upon 1103 which those who lent their money to the state relied for redemption at a particular period . The other main objection that occurred to him was , the effect which the precedent might have in affecting the confidence of the creditor in future . At present he would not enter farther into the subject , but reserve himself for a more minute enquiry . observed , that his hon . friend was greatly mistaken in supposing that the Sinking Fund would ever be reduced 7 millions below its present amount . The greatest diminution would in fact be only about two millions , which would take place , in the course of about four years , after which the Sinking Fund would again gradually accumulate . He again contended that the plan was perfectly consistent with good faith towards the public creditor . Any idea to the contrary could only arise , as most of the objections made that evening had done , from a misconception of the plan . The faith pledged to the public creditor was that of an adherence to the Act of 1792 , to which the proposed plan was strictly conformable . That act required that provision should be made for the redemption of the debt , within 45 years ; the different plans of Mr. Pitt , of lord Sidmouth , and of lord Lansdowne , were all founded on that basis . The plan now submitted to the committee not only strictly complied with this condition , but actually made provision , for the redemption of the debt within a shorter time than the laws now in force . It was therefore