of parliament to endeavour to find a remedy ? '' I feel as much indignation , as any man , at the conduct and temper which the Catholics have , in too many instances , exhibited : but I attribute it ( as it has been attributed by many of the best informed upon the subject ) to the influence and efforts of persons , who care not for the Catholic any more than for the Protestant part of the community ; who see , in the distractions of the empire , the opportunity of gratifying their own personal ambition ; who , for that purpose , would push the Catholics to excess , and exasperate the Protestants into resentment ; whose object , in short , is not the settlement of the question , but its prolonged , and angry , and turbulent agitation . My policy , therefore , would be very different from that of my hon . friend . I would not go forth in the spirit of anger . Whatever indignation I may feel against those who have raised this storm , and who endeavour to encrease it , I consider the expression of that indignation as a secondary duty ; our first duty is to tranquillize the storm : as the fabled Father of the Sea is beautifully described by the poet , when the ocean had been disturbed without his consent , as rebuking the felon 1047 winds which had thrown his element into such fearful agitation ; but presently recollecting that the punishment of the authors of the mischief , may be best postponed till the mischief itself has been allayed : 'Quos ego—sed motos præstat componere fluctus . ' Other arguments there are which my hon . friend has pressed into his service , on the present occasion ; but of which it is sufficient to say , as coming from him , that they did not prevent him from voting in favour of my motion last session ; though , if they be of any force now , they existed in equal force at that period . He complains , among other things , that the Catholics have not amalgamated with the Protestants , by intermarriages ; an expedient which he thinks might have softened the asperities of the contending sects . This may be true , but it is at least , on new charge against the Catholics , nor any new cause of ill-will between them and the Protestants since , or arising out of the last vote of the House of Commons on this question . Whatever other mischief my motion may have done , or had a tendency to do , surely there was nothing in it to interpose a barrier to connubial happiness , to check the instincts of nature , and stop the propagation of mankind . This is , at least , therefore , no ground of objection , which ought to have occurred to my hon . friend for the first time to-night ; nor is it one arising out of the present state and temper of the Catholics , but rather out of the feelings and policy of times now happily gone by . If my hon . friend had considered this point a little more ; —if he had looked back into the statute book , —he would have found , in severe penal laws , ( laws but lately repealed ) the true impediments to Protestant and Catholic intermarriages , in the penalties imposed upon the Catholic priest who should dare to celebrate such a marriage ; in the inducements held out to the conforming wife to betray her non-conforming husband , in the invitations to the son , just come from the nursery , to turn Protestant , for the purpose of supplanting his Catholic father in his property , and converting him into a mere tenant for life . While such laws prevailed , it surely was not wonderful that the Catholics should not be very desirous of intermarrying with Protestants ; no wonder that they should not court alliances , which might thus make domestic life