and what were their means of attaining it . Only one object was professed , and that was the total exclusion of the French from the peninsula , and without being a priori assured of adequate means to effect that purpose , it was cruel and base to embark the population of a country in so hopeless a cause , merely 45 for the sake of a little temporary advantage . But France had originally military possession of the country , and was it reasonable or at all feasible to expect at the outset that her vast power could be overmastered by the single efforts of the military means and resources of this country ? He therefore contended that when the war commenced he was justified in holding the opinion that there was no chance of any favourable result from the intervention of the arms of Great Britain or any aid we could afford the Spanish nation . At no period could our means be considered adequate in the contemplation of such an enterprize . How , then , could they have been reckoned sufficient when France possessed the whole resources of the continent and wielded the arms of Europe in alliance with her own ? Whatever , therefore , chance might since have produced , he contended that the deliverance of Spain in the view of a statesman was originally beyond the utmost means of this country , and that this position had been since established by experience . The allusions made by the noble earl to the periods of king William and queen Anne were without analogy and inconclusive . As to his own former observations and reasonings , they had reference to a different state of France , in which she had not such a union of all Europe to support her . He was of opinion , that it was only when we saw a powerful embodied army on the continent belonging to our allies , that we ought to put forth our exertions ; and that we ought to assist our continental allies only as auxiliaries , not as principals . No diversion had been made in concert with lord Wellington , where it ought to have been made , unless we could call that one which was made in the fens of Walcheren . His noble friend had well stated that the ministry had not as yet advanced one step in their accomplishment of their object in the Spanish war : why , then , should he be ashamed to avow his former opinion , when this third advance into the interior of Spain had , by its failure , proved the correctness of the data on which that opinion was founded ? Nor must the noble earl think , that he had answered his noble friend when he stated the number of our troops on the continent , or when he made a boast of having delivered Andalusia from the French . This was an empty boast ; for no one believed that the release was more than temporary , and that the French army could not re-occupy the 46 province whenever they pleased . The spirit of the Spanish peasantry was good , but there was none in the Spanish nobility . The reasons assigned by the noble marquis for the failure of the campaign were the true ones : not those stated by the noble earl , who confessed that he always expected co-operation from the Spaniards . It was the want of means ; the failure of supplies and resources ; and not disappointment in expected co-operation on the part of the Spaniards ( a hope and expectation now cherished for the fiftieth time and as often proved abortive ) which had led to the improductive result of all these exertions . The blame did not lie with the Spaniards , but with those who encouraged hopes which they had no right to entertain . The truth was , the Spaniards were not possessed of the materials for this co-operation , and the fault was with the noble earl and his friends the English ministers , who in their ignorance