state of undiminished security . And it is by that test I am willing , that what I have to urge in support of the motion should be tried . It is , I apprehend , unnecessary to enter into any argument in order to shew , that to place any number of men under any civil disabilities , is in itself an evil , and that the evil is great in proportion as the number is large , and the disabilities oppressive . It makes them worse men and worse subjects , it fills them with discontent , and , by narrowing the sphere of 926 their exertions , it makes them incapable of doing that service to the state which they would otherwise be able and willing to render . The burthen of proof undoubtedly lies upon those who desire to continue an order of things which at first sight appears so unfavourable to the happiness and prosperity of the country . They are bound to shew that the evil of offending a whole nation and diminishing its useful activity , is less than that which might fairly be expected to arise from admitting the Catholics to a full participation in all civil rights . What then are the steps by which they proceed in order to establish this proposition ? Is the exclusion of the Catholics a deduction from a more general principle ; namely , that no persons differing from the church can be admitted into the state , without danger to the establishment ? Some of the arguments against the Catholic claims would , I think , go that length if they were pushed to their legitimate consequences . But , Sir , this principle , though I am persuaded it lurks in the minds of many of the enemies to emancipation , can not be openly avowed except by those who are ready at the same time to avow a wish to see the establishment assume a much more exclusive and persecuting form than that in which it is now invested by law . Dissenters are admitted to the most important of all privileges , that of sitting in parliament . It is true , indeed , that it is only by a sort of connivance and relaxation of the law that they are allowed to hold office . But then the uninterrupted relaxation for seventy years of a law which no man now so much as dreams of enforcing , must be considered as having itself become law , and in any sound and practical view of the subject the Protestant dissenters must be looked upon as standing very nearly upon a footing with their orthodox brethren . Why then , Sir , it is something in the particular kind of dissent , something in the nature of the Romish faith itself , which renders it necessary to exclude the Catholics from dignity and power . They , it seems , acknowledge in a foreign bishop an authority utterly inconsistent with the allegiance they owe to their natural , domestic , legitimate sovereign . `` This , '' we are told , `` is an influence not confined to spirituals , but extending , as that influence which directs the consciences of men must necessarily extend , over every office and every relation of life , public and private , they must 927 be either bad Catholics or bad subjects , they can not at once serve two masters , their own church and our state , the king and the pope . '' Now , Sir , I own , it appears to me , speaking however with all possible deference to better judgments , and more extended information than my own , that the method which some of the advocates of the Catholic claim have taken to answer this objection , is neither the easiest to themselves , nor the most satisfactory to others . They have endeavoured to shew , that the submission to the see of Rome required by the Roman Catholic church , is not of a nature to interfere with the duties which subjects owe to the