an opportunity of improving themselves by his instruction and example , in military science.—There was still another point connected with this , to which he was desirous of calling their lordships ' attention . No person who heard him would think that he was disposed to censure the advice given to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to advance the marquis of Wellington in the peerage after the battle of Salamanca : but he did think that there then existed an opportunity of granting to the marquis of Wellington promotion of a different nature , more appropriate and congenial with the service to which he was devoted ; and , therefore , likely to be more useful to his country . If that promotion had been conferred , it would no doubt have met with the applause of the country and of the army ; and it would have been approved by none , more than by the many gallant generals , who , by such a measure , would have been enabled to share his glory . While we were urging the Spaniards to give way in every punctilio , and to think only of the best means of promoting the great cause in which they were engaged , it would have been wise in us to have shewn them the example . Such was the feeling which he had at the time , and which he still had ; and therefore he thought it right to state it : but in doing so , it was not his intention to object to any other honours which were conferred on the marquis of Wellington . If any doubt could have existed as to the propriety of conferring such honours , that doubt must have been removed by the review taken 143 by the noble earl opposite , of the great talents displayed by the marquis , in every situation where the exertion of great talents was required . The marquis of Wellington had , in reality , distinguished himself for the judgment and temper with which he conducted himself in regard to the government of Spain , no less than by his military genius and valour . cordially agreed with the motion then before their lordships , and was most anxious to add his tribute of applause to the merits of the great officer in question , which were so ably and justly eulogized by the noble earl who opened the discussion . He gave his testimony to the transcendent abilities of lord Wellington , not only from a sense of public duty , but he was influenced in doing it by his own particular obligation to that excellent general . He could tell their lordships , that while his great mind seemed to be wholly taken up with the important cares of his situation , he bestowed an attention almost inconceivable , upon the comforts and conveniencies of those under his command . Whether they were suffering from fatigue , from sickness , or from privations , they were equally the objects of his solicitude . For himself , he knew that to a dear relative of his ( major Somers ) whose constitution was fast sinking under the severe duties of his station , his parental kindness was such , that it preserved a life which else had been yielded soon after the battle of Salamanca , nor prolonged till that period when he laid it down for his country in a manner which gave him a melancholy pride in saying his son had so died . In alluding thus particularly to his own relation , he was far from meaning to insinuate that his was a single case ; lord Wellington 's kindness extended to all alike ; but he thought it his duty thus to express his peculiar obligation to him . There never was , indeed , a general , as had been justly mentioned by the noble lord opposite , who was less disposed to sacrifice the lives of his men for the acquisition of mere personal glory ; but when the services of his king and country required it , never