spoke . His praise of the British general was most valuable . He spoke like a patriot . He had sustained a deep and bitter loss , —but he had sustained it with the honourable and manly feeling of one who had given up a dear son for his country . That noble lord had praised the humanity and almost parental kindness of lord Wellington to his officers : —he bestowed a panegyric above all other . On the general subject of the motion , it could scarcely be supposed , that he ( lord Wellesley ) should offer any objections . One thing only he had to observe : the noble Secretary had alluded to the display of the British general 's talents in the pressure of retreat . For my part , said marquis Wellesley , if I were called on to give my impartial testimony of the merits of your great general , I confess , before Heaven , I would not select his victories , brilliant as they have been ; I should mention the very circumstances ( though unfortunate in some particulars ) which your lordships have seen recorded this day—I would go to the moments when difficulties pressed and crowded upon him , —when he had but the choice of extremities , —when he was overhung by superior strength . It is to his retreats that I would go for the proudest and most undoubted evidence of his ability . It is not my intention to dilate upon these matters , —there is but one feeling with respect to them among us . The speech of the noble mover was sufficient ; but , if its chasteness , tastefulness , and truth could have a want , it was more than compensated by the admirable speech of the noble marquis who had followed him in the debate . then proposed the motion from the woolsack , which was agreed to nam . diss . rose , pursuant to the notice he had given on a former day , to call the attention of the House to the services rendered to their country by that gallant officer , general the marquis of Wellington , and the brave army under his command during the last campaign in Spain , and particularly to those by which they had signalised themselves in the glorious and ever-memorable battle of Salamanca . He was sure he should forget his duty to the House , the country , and to that illustrious officer and his army , if on this occasion he were to introduce into the discussion any matter that might cause a controversial feeling respecting the policy of the war in the peninsula , and more especially if he were to offer any thing respecting the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers in connection with the subject of the motion he was about to submit to the House . Any charges that might be preferred against them for the mode in which that war had been conducted , they would be happy to meet on a future day . On this , they hoped it would not be necessary , as it was their wish to bring forward nothing that might divide the feelings of the House and the public , and abstract them from that subject , on which all delighted 151 to dwell with admiration and gratitude . At the same time , however , while he wished to guard against the introduction of any matter on which a difference of opinion might exist ; he thought it would not be just to the army , and more particularly , he thought , it would not be just to the marquis of Wellington , if he were to confine himself to the feelings excited by that great transaction , considered as an insulated affair , brilliant as it was in itself , and great and glorious as it was , —and a more glorious action had never adorned the annals of this or any other great military power : for he was proud to say , this country had become a great military power , though formerly