able at that moment completely to satisfy the hon . gentleman 's enquiries . He could assure him , however , that the exertions of his Majesty 's government had been used most sincerely to prevail upon those countries with which they had any influence to concur in terminating this abominable traffic . He trusted that these countries were inclined to adopt the measures suggested to them for 200 that purpose , and that the trade would soon be wholly suppressed . With respect to the statement made by the hon . gentleman , relative to the conduct of the governors of some of our forts in Africa , all he could say was , that the information alluded to by the hon . gentleman had not come within his knowledge , said , that the forts mentioned by the hon . gentleman were under consideration at the time of Mr. Perceval 's death , but the change of government , which followed upon that event , prevented , as yet , any further consideration of the subject . wished to know whether the government had received any communication respecting the breach of the Abolition Act by the governors of any of these forts ? said , there had been one communication to that effect , made to the naval commander upon that station , but upon investigation it was found to have been groundless . proceeded to move for further papers connected with the same subject . He confessed that he had listened to the speech of the hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Browne ) with some disquiet , as , in the early part of it , there seemed an intimation similar to that which had so frequently been urged in parliament against the abolition itself , namely , that the existence of an enormity in one place justified the practice of an enormity in another . This disquiet , however , was removed by the conclusion of the hon . gentleman 's observations . With respect to the scheme of enlisting Africans on the coast , to fill up the black corps in the West Indies , he confessed that he was acquainted with the original intention of carrying that scheme into effect , and that he thought it was accompanied by guards sufficient to prevent it from being abused . How far these guards had actually turned out to be adequate to their object , was certainly a question of considerable importance ; and one which ought to be investigated deliberately , and not incidentally . But at any rate , it appeared to him that all idea of compulsion—of slavery—was wholly out of the question.—With respect to the conduct of our navy on the African station , it had been such as reflected upon it the highest credit . Even the common sailors had refused to share the wages of iniquity ; in one case in particular , in which a number of 201 unfortunate African slaves , men , women , and children , had been discovered hidden on board a vessel professedly laden with cattle . These wretched beings had been induced to conceal themselves and to abstain almost from breathing , by the master of the vessel , who told them , that if they were discovered , they would be killed and eaten . They were , however , discovered and released , and this occurrence afforded an additional proof of that humanity by which our naval officers and seamen were no less distinguished than by their bravery , and the eminent services they had rendered to their country . As to the abuses that were alleged to have crept into the enlisting for the black corps , he repeated that they ought to be enquired into , and if they really existed , to be stopped . But he confessed he did not believe , that with the guards which had been devised , any such abuses could prevail . He concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before this House , copies of all communications received by the lords commissioners of the Admiralty from the chief