cause of country and of king . We could not act wrong in subsidizing the best feelings of human nature . In this view no act of government had ever been more beneficial than the relief which we had afforded to Portugal . Should our troops be driven back again to the lines of Torres Vedras , the attention and sympathy we then manifested for the sufferings of the Portuguese , had left traces in the hearts of the people , which would make lord Wellington 's defence light and easy.—His lordship concluded by alluding to the flattering prospects of peace which might probably be anticipated from the Russian successes ; of a peace founded on national honour , on national security , and on the public law of Europe ; a peace , by means of which every man might sit down in safety , and repose under 334 the shadow of the laws and constitution . He regretted the disapprobation of the motion expressed by the hon . member who spoke last , but bore testimony to the manliness and sincerity with which that hon . gentleman , on all occasions , declared his opinions in that House . said , he had heard many-parts of the noble lord 's speech with pleasure , but there was no part of it which he had heard with so much pleasure , as the word 'peace , a word which he had not for a very long time heard from the other side of the House . If he thought the present grant would really tend to facilitate that most desirable object , a secure and honourable peace , there was no man who would more readily and cordially agree to it than he would . He sincerely hoped that all the sacrifices and exertions which had been made , and of which so much had been said , would not end in a delusive sound , and that we should not be embroiled in fresh wars on fresh successes . But it had been , in his opinion , justly stated , that the proposed grant would not give effectual relief to the Russians ; and , knowing the distresses of our own countrymen to be great , and feeling them as he did , he could not assent to taking the money out of the pockets of the poor of this country , to waste it in nominal relief to others . No attempt had been made by parliament to retrench wasteful and superfluous excess in many of the departments of government ; no hint had been thrown out , no intention had been expressed , tending that way . While this was the case , he thought it his duty to resist every application to parliament for any extraordinary supplies , in the present exhausted state of the country . It was not possible to take up a paper ; not a day passed , without accounts of distraining for the taxes in different places . He did not understand the principle of that generosity , whichsym-pathised only with the distresses of other countries , but bad no feelings for those of our own . Last year the sufferings of the manufacturers in the northern and midland counties had been laid before parliament with a view to some pecuniary relief being afforded . Those sufferings were of a nature to make every feeling heart bleed . But the answer to the application was , that no relief could be be given , consistently with the pressure of the times , and with public economy . We paid dear for the prevalence of this sort of foreign sympathy we had to maintain French 335 loyalists , Dutch loyalists , American loyalists ; but when he had come to the House with a proposal of some better provision for the worn-out servants of the public , veteran officers who were pining in poverty and obscurity , or the disabled cripple , whom we daily saw begging about our streets , he had received the same cold answer , that the necessary expences of the government were so great as