. The sentence to be inflicted by the law was transportation for seven years ; but if the judge had been compelled to insist on the infliction of that sentence , under the peculiar circumstances of the case , it must have made his situation miserable indeed . The prisoner was a poor but industrious tailor ; every body bore testimony to his good character , even the prosecutor himself was constrained to say that he believed him to be the most industrious , and excellent creature living . When called on for his defence , and to state why he had committed the theft , the poor man said , `` It is true that I stole the piece of timber as I was returning home from my 569 club ; and I intended to make stools of it for my poor , sick children . '' Such was the feeling on the judge , after having heard all the heart-rending circumstances , that he instantly and rapidly said to the prisoner— '' I hope your appearance here will be of no detriment to you hereafter—it ought not to be—you have suffered much already—go hence , and bless the laws which have enabled the judge to exercise some discretion on your case : —Gaoler , discharge the prisoner ! '' What would have been the situation of the judge had there been any written scale of law which must be applied to such a case ? —Would not any further punishment than this poor man had already received have been too much ? This case applied to ninety-nine out of every hundred ; yet there were instances in which it was advisable for the security of society to exert the utmost rigour of the law . He could not but lament that the present motion had been brought forward ; yet knowing the high and honourable mind of his learned friend , he felt convinced that it had been the result of honest conviction , not from a mere desire of making complaint . He meant not to impute any thing like blame . He lamented that any such motion had been introduced into that House , for there were persons out of doors who might think that there was much ground for complaint . His hon . and learned friend had told them , that he verily believed a recent occurrence would not have taken place , had the Bill proposed by him succeeded , alluding to the conviction and subsequent petitioning in favour of those persons who had stolen a great quantity of silk on the river Thames . He however , differed from his hon . and learned friend in such opinion . He admitted that it would be most horrible if the letter of our penal code were to be abided by in every instance , for there were many cases where to inflict the punishments prescribed by the statutes for the offence would be little short of the most barbarous cruelty . It was now death for stealing on a navigable river to the amount of 40s . ; and there were many cases where it would be acting mercifully by society to inflict the punishment to the utmost letter of the law—cases which developed regular plans and deep-laid conspiracies ; which formed some of a series of depredations that were carried on daily and nightly to the apparent disregard of all law . When the ringleaders in such violations 570 of good order and law were caught , was it not right that they should be punished as examples , out of mercy to others , to deter them from committing similar offences ? Such , then , was the character of the case which had been alluded to . There were to be seen deep-laid plans , and the effects of widely extended corruption . Those who had the care of the property had been corrupted to abandon their duty towards their masters , and the law by which they had been tried had said that the offence was capital . They had been tried before as conscientious and as intelligent a