, or to despair at reverses , even though they might be such as placed the allied forces in the lines at Torres Vedras . It was neither one disaster , or one victory , that could decide the fate of the peninsula , and it was a dangerous feeling to indulge , which would be elevated beyond correct views even by such a victory as would shortly call for the thanks of the House ; or to be depressed beyond occasion by every failure of complete success that might attend our exertions . When by 82 the most consummate generalship , that victory , unparalleled in the history of the war , and as glorious as ever adorned the British name ; when that victory made the enemy feel its effects to the utmost extremities of his force , and dislocated his armies ; because our illustrious and excellent commander had accomplished this , had they any reason whatever to suppose that the entire French power on the peninsula would be at once extinguished , and the allies enabled to march to the Pyrennees ? The public mind was apt to run into a course too sanguine , and to believe any statement which might pretend that the effect of a defeat like this would be the total extinction of the enemy in Spain . But when the House reflected that at the commencement of the campaign , the French force on the peninsula amounted to 200,000 men , which was perhaps reduced by detachments sent to the north to 150,000 , at the period of the battle of Salamanca , they would be inclined to take a different and move correct view of the subject . They would observe that such a force , when spread over the face of Spain , might maintain the possession of the country , by keeping down the spirit of its population , which they were now unable to do when collected into two great masses . After the memorable battle of Salamanca , they were rendered too feeble to keep possession of Spain , and instead of driving the British into the sea , as they had often vainly threatened , they were driven by the British . But when they gave up the provinces and became a concentrated army , any man looking with a soldier 's eye , might be able to see , that even after the battle of Salamanca , the marquis of Wellington had a heavy task to perform to drive the French from Spain . They might worship the spirit of the people of this country , whose exultation on the triumphs of their gallant countrymen in Spain was so great as to induce a sanguine feeling , not warranted by the actual state of the case . But whatever expectations the people built upon , as far as lord Wellington with his knowledge and information went , his prospects had been largely and liberally accomplished . He could assure them , that lord Wellington had received supplies and reinforcements to a greater extent than ever . In the course of last year , 20,000 men had been sent to join him , and he ( Lord C. ) should be able to contend , that though 83 large reinforcements had not arrived since the battle of Salamanca , this arose from the impossibility of sending men sooner than had been done . The exertions of the government , and in a peculiar manner , of his royal highness the Commander in Chief , to bring regiments to such a state of efficiency as to render them fit for foreign service , had been incessant and strenuous . And he had to apprize the right hon . gentleman , that on the wisest principles the grants from the militia had not been available as a regular force , earlier than the month of May , and that neither the internal state of the country , nor of Ireland , would , at a former period , admit of those forces being spared which might now be united to their gallant comrades in the glorious task