should not be as usual ; and , in so doing , he repeated it , he thought we were more likely to attain peace , than by adopting the way pointed out by his hon . friend.—Adverting lastly to the Roman Catholic question , he observed , that certainly the executive government was neither bound nor pledged to introduce that subject in the Speech . Considering , however , how connected that question was with the vital interests of the empire , it would have been wise in ministers to advise its being mentioned . Although not mandatory upon them in consequence of what had passed in the last parliament , yet it would have been politic and prudent to bring the matter forward under the sanction of government . From their silence , however , he concluded that they were still hostile to it ; and the omission of that subject in the Speech , afforded him a proof that they did not intend to bring the subject forward . Inconsequence of this , and as a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) who had last session made a motion in favour of the Roman Catholies , had now deposited his trust in the 111 hands of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Grattan ) so properly qualified , he would now in the name and at the express desire of that right hon . friend , give notice to the House , that shortly after the Christmas recess , he would submit a motion to the House , on the necessity of repealing the disabilities under which the Roman Catholics still laboured . followed , and took up nearly the same grounds . He was happy to understand , that it was not the intention of his hon . friend to push his Amendment to a division . Had he been forced , however , to give a vote upon the subject , it must have been against the Amendment ; because he thought that an Address , founded on the distresses of the country , and recommending the adoption of measures for procuring peace , would have the effect of retarding , rather than of accelerating that object—if , by a peace were meant the advantages which ought necessarily to result from the accomplishment of such a measure . also expressed his satisfaction , that the Amendment was not to be pressed to a division , as he must have been under the necessity of voting against it . Before parliament addressed the crown on the subject of peace , he thought they ought to be satisfied of two things , first , that peace was attainable ; and secondly , that the mode pursued was the most likely mode of attaining it . In the present instance he was convinced of the reverse of both of these being the case ; and besides such an Address at the present moment would be unwise , as tending to infuse a distrust of our sincerity into both the Spanish and Russian governments , —peculiarly unwise at the present moment , when we had been obliged to allow the capital of Spain to fall again into the hands of the invaders , and when the emperor of Russia had evinced his sincerity in the contest , by sacrificing his own capital to his political honour . presented a Petition from the University of Cambridge , against the Catholic Claims , and stated that he did so , having the honour 112 to hold the office of Chancellor of that University , but that he was anxious to be understood as giving no opinion on one side or the other relative to the subject of the Petition . observed , that due notice had not been given to the nonresident members of the University of the intention to set on foot such a Petition ; to the consideration of which , he contended , the attention of the non-resident members ought to have been fairly called , it not being a question of religion , but of political expediency . To shew that the