of applause to the right hon . member who has just sat down on the brilliant display of eloquence he has made ; —eloquent , however , as he has been , he has failed of convincing me . I request the indulgence of the House , while I state , as briefly as possible , some of the grounds on which I hold a different opinion , and with which nothing but an irresistible sense of public duty , could induce me to trouble them at this time , after the repeated discussions the subject has already undergone , and the share I myself took of them , on a former occasion . It is evident that the right hon . gentleman is by no means unaware of the point , where the greatest danger lies ; when he assures us of his own jealousy of the power and influence of the papal see and of the Romish priesthood ; and I admit , that if I could be fairly satisfied on that most material point , the peril of foreign interference , I should be inclined to lend myself to the question , and endeavour , as far as practicable , to satisfy the reasonable claims of the Roman Catholics . Before I go into this part of the subject , however , I wish to set the right hon . gentleman right in one or two points , in which he appears to have misunderstood my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) . My hon . friend has justified his change of opinion ( among other very weighty and satisfactory reasons ) , not on the sentiments expressed by so large a proportion of the British Protestant people alone ( though this of itself would have been a most material circumstance , occurring since the Resolution of the last session ) ; but on the great alteration , which has taken place , in the sentiments of the Protestants of Ireland . This seems to me , of itself , sufficient to vindicate the change , which has taken place in the view of my hon . friend . Neither have the Test and Corporation Acts been spoken of as the bulwarks of the constitution , abstractedly considered , but as those of the established church , which , however , might 821 be considered as in a manner identified with it . On the main question I agree , in several particulars , with the hon . gentleman who spoke last . It has never appeared to me to be a question of toleration , in the correct sense of the word ; for the Roman Catholics are completely tolerated in the free exercise of their religion ; and , could it be shewn , that this toleration is really defective in any particular , I , for one , am ready to concur in a proper remedy . Neither is it a question of right ; for the right is , undoubtedly , in the state , to protect itself and its establishments , against all those who may be supposed hostile to it . On the other hand , I will readily admit that all these disabling laws are only justifiable on the ground of the necessity of self defence , on the part of the state ; if the necessity no longer exists , let them be repealed . The true question therefore is , are they now necessary for the preservation of our Protestant community ? It will not be denied , that we are essentially a Protestant state ; and that this is a fundamental principle of the constitution . The Bill of Rights decides this point ; and it appears to me , superfluous at least , if not mischievous , to re-enact , as the right honourable mover has proposed to do , the Bill of Rights and the Act of Settlement , in the Bill , which he intends to bring in , upon this occasion . I , for one , am not obliged to the right hon . gentleman for offering to declare these ,