Sir , are the reasons that impel me to bring forward this proposition ; but if it be true , as is pretty generally believed , that certain great individuals , by different means , do place their dependents in this House , it becomes a matter of double importance , that a Bill should be passed to restrain such individuals from usurping and exercising illegal power ; to remove a new motive for ambition ; to shew that the crown is not to become the prey of greedy cormorants , and that factions must not hope to deck themselves in the trappings of royalty . What , therefore , I should propose would be , that the powers now exercised by the Prince Regent , should , in case of the death or disability of his Royal Highness , be exercised by the heir to the crown , the Princess Charlotte of Wales . I know not whether gentlemen have any objection to this mode of proceeding , or whether they think her Royal Highness an unfit person to wield the sceptre in case of the incapacity of the Prince of Wales . I confess I see no reason to the contrary ; but I shall merely submit the motion , and after leave has been given that the Bill shall be brought in , I shall leave it to the House to modify it as they conceive will be most conducive to the public interest . All I wish is , that factions should not have the power to fill the throne with whomsoever they please , and under what conditions they please . I wish to avoid consequences to which we have been exposed , at least by want of foresight , if not by something worse . I presume I shall not be told by the gentlemen of the long robe that the princess Charlotte of Wales is not of sufficient age , because the common law , as far as relates to the crown , knows no infancy , and giants may be produced , made by children in such situations , that have been held by lawyers to be absolutely binding : the security the public require is , that there shall always be an executive government , zealous in the discharge of its duties , and responsible , not only for the acts done , but for the advice they give . But there have been Bills for regencies on certain occasions , in which it was provided , that the king or queen should have a particular 714 council till he or she came to a certain age . Those , however , were provisions totally distinct from those to which his royal highness the Prince Regent has been subjected after he had attained a full maturity of age . The country never before heard of such a regency , except the attempt of 1788 . It has been indeed enacted for particular purposes , in the reigns of Henry 8 , and Philip and Mary , that the full age of the successors to the crown shall be 18 in the males ; and in the females 16 , in the one case , and 15 in the other . But there is no occasion to dwell upon these cases , as the princess Charlotte of Wales is in her 18th year ; and therefore , by the admission on all hands , either is , or will very soon be , of age , to exercise the royal functions . In the event of the death of the King , and of the Prince Regent , no one can doubt but the royal power would descend upon her , without its being in the power of that House to prevent it . It may be alleged , however , that his royal highness the Prince Regent may have male issue , —but from the disunion which at present exists in the royal family , and which is greatly to be lamented , such an event is far from being probable . It may likewise be said that there is no