countries , endeavour to produce . In looking to our external relations , the right hon . gentleman had first brought before them the most important state of affairs in the north of Europe ; he had , secondly , directed their regards to the war on the peninsula , in which we were interested in common with other powers ; and , in the third and last place , had alluded to that contest in which we were engaged alone , and which might therefore be considered as more peculiarly within our own province , namely , the war with America—a war which he would ever continue to think most unfortunate and afflicting , however unavoidable and necessary . In endeavouring to follow the right hon . gentleman over these grounds , he would beg leave to vary a little the order in which he had considered the several topics . He would take the war on the peninsula in the first instance , and this he might the more naturally do , because the right hon . gentleman had spoken of it as the point on which they ought , by the ordinary course of policy , to make their effort as a diversion in favour of Russia , since it could not be expected of this country , that it was able at one and the same time , to make a proper exertion in that quarter , and nerve the arm of Russia in the north , by furnishing her with men or money . He begged to assure the right hon . gentleman and the House , that ministers would not be inclined to rebut any censure that might be applied to them , on the ground of relaxation in their efforts to carry on most vigorously the war in Spain ; there had been no relaxation on their parts ; neither had they neglected any means by which it was possible for them , by previous provisions , to obtain possession of a greater dispose-able force . They would not therefore 81 found their justification on any grounds of postponement , or inclination to delay executing that which was in their power . He also rejected in their name the defence that might be set up for not calling earlier on parliament to furnish them with more extended means . The ministers of the Prince Regent were prepared to defend themselves on the exercise of the means they actually did possess , or could possess , and their having employed the resources entrusted to them to the utmost , without draining the country beyond that pitch which no nation could sustain or support . Whatever might be the right hon . gentleman 's opinion on this head , ministers certainly could not have been expected to make these unnatural attempts ( now suggested as necessary and defended as politic ) by gentlemen on the other side ; by those who had ever inculcated upon their minds the necessity there was for husbanding our resources , and , even on the peninsula , keeping our exertions within bounds of the strictest moderation . It was not his intention to throw out any invidious reflection on those who had maintained these opinions , and all he wished to do at this time was , to lay in his claim to the grounds on which he should be prepared hereafter to combat any attachment of blame to his Royal Highness 's advisers on this subject . Indeed , it was obviously impossible for ministers to enter on an ample elucidation of the measures respecting which doubts might be thrown out , on a night like the present , when all the numerous points of policy connected with the country were thrown open for partial discussion , and their attention was not confined to a single object , though many of those alluded to were sufficiently intricate and important to require of themselves the utmost diligence and powers of enquiry possessed by parliament . He begged leave to caution the House against being , as it was apt to be , led to expect too much from successes