sir William Scott ) the member for the University of Oxford . My right hon . and learned friend , not only begs to be understood as by no means saying , that no time may come , that no possible case may occur , in which he might agree to further concessions to the Catholics ; but he has gone much farther , and confessed that there are many things , in the penal code , which appear to him to be beyond the necessity of the case as it now exists , and which might even now be pared down with advantage to the country . I hail the omen of this most unexpected , this most gratifying admission . When the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and other honourable members have expressed their apprehension that the going into a committee might only be productive of disappointment , —forasmuch as they despaired of being able to come out of the committee , not only with any satisfactory arrangement , but even with any approximation to a better understanding between the two conflicting parties , with any indication , however remote , of softened asperity , or growing good will , —how little did they expect that this debate would exhibit , in the person of my right hon . and learned friend , so distinguished a convert to the cause of Catholic emancipation ! One who , in consistency with his own arguments this night , must be prepared , not only to consent to , but himself to propose many important relaxations ; many innovations in the Catholic code , such as but a few weeks ago would have been resisted to the uttermost , if proposed by persons avowedly friendly to the Catholic cause ! 1053 That learned and eminent university , of which my right hon . and learned friend is at once the representative and the ornament , will assuredly receive with the most lively satisfaction the account which my hon . and learned friend will send them tomorrow of the part which he has taken in this night 's debate , and has determined to take in the committee ; and , with whatever apprehensions they may hitherto have regarded the progress of the present measure , assuredly that apprehension will subside , when they find that many of the relaxations which are to be proposed , perhaps most of those , which will be finally carried , are to originate with that learned and excellent person to whose hands their interests are so properly confided . My right hon . and learned friend stands thus about midway between the class of temporary opposers , and that of those who would never concede any thing more . According to this last class , the extension of any privileges whatever to the Catholics is incompatible with the spirit of the constitution . If this be true—how shall we excuse the rashness of which we have already been guilty , in admitting them to the bar ! in allowing them to become subalterns in the army ! What mischief have we not hazarded by permitting them to come thus within reach of the vital parts of the constitution , —of its legal system , and of its military force , —with no other security for their good behaviour in trusts of such delicacy and under opportunities of such temptation to do—I know not precisely what indeed—than their oaths ! Oaths which , as the same persons contend , convey no security at all ! The Catholic , it seems , holds no faith with heretics : he disregards the sanctity of the most solemn obligation ; or uses it only as a snare for entrapping the unwary Protestant into a reliance which he may afterwards betray . It has been asked , indeed , by persons of a less jealous and wary disposition , `` What would you have the Catholics do to prove their sincerity ? They die in your defence . `` —Aye—that 's their hypocrisy ! —Sir , I confess I know of no argument which can avail against rear toning like