paper could not be depreciated , if three conditions were acceded to : first , that the coin of the realm should pass at a current rate , to be fixed by the sovereign authority of the state ; second , that the paper currency should correspond with the denomination of the coin . These two principles were acted upon in all states . The first constituted the essence of money ; the second was its representative . But his right hon . friend found a third condition necessary to prevent the depreciation of this representative , and which they were then labouring to effect by this law . To render the current coin and Bank paper equally valuable , a penalty must be inflicted on those who disposed of the former for more than the price attached to it by the sovereign authority , or who disposed of the latter for less than its nominal value ; and then they came to this conclusion , that if the paper money was so depreciated , as that 1,000l . of it would not purchase a quartern loaf ; yet if , by a penal law , its denomination was secured , no depreciation whatever could be allowed to exist ! He had , however , the admission of the right hon . gentleman himself , that in Ireland the paper currency was depreciated ; because the guineas in that country 280 were disposed of at a premium . Now , this depreciation took place in the interval between the passing of this act in 1811 , and their renewal of it in the last session , when it was first extended to Ireland . And could any person attempt to maintain , that this depreciation , which existed before the law was made applicable to Ireland , did not equally exist afterwards ? Certainly , the act could not produce such an effect . As a proof that the paper currency was not in that sound state which some gentlemen contended for , he instanced the circumstance of the treasury having last year sent out a quantity of Bank-notes to Canada , to pay the at my and establishments in that country . His right hon . friend , he supposed , thought that these notes would be held in equal estimation with the public in Canada , as his Resolution set forth they possessed in ! Great Britain . Whether the wrappers in which they were enveloped , had this celebrated Resolution engraved on them , he could not ascertain ; but , when they arrived in Canada , what was their fate ? These Canadians , whose loyalty and allegiance had been so deservedly praised by the Prince Regent , in his Speech at the commencement of the session , not being liable to any penalty for the act , at once set their own estimation on the notes , and disposed of them at a discount of about 30 percent . Now , he would ask , if the notes so transmitted then , were disposed of at a discount , could they , on being returned to this country , by the operation of the Bill then before them , be immediately restored to par ? He supported the first part of this Bill , but he never was an advocate for the principles on which it was founded . Those principles had been carried to a very great length , by many individuals , in both Houses of Parliament , who seemed to think that the Bank restriction opened a new field and system of political finance . He could not view it in this light—his reason for entertaining this part of the Bill arose from a very different principle—it arose from a feeling of the necessity of the case , from the very alarming state in which the currency of the country now stood , occasioned by the measure of the Bank restriction being so long continued . The part to which he alluded was that , which to all practical purposes , rendered Bank-notes a legal tender ; and perhaps it would have