having our efforts abroad crippled by dissentions at home ; is it so material to our success in the war we are waging in conjunction with the only bigoted Catholics in the world , that we shall seek at any price to protract its existence for a few years ? But , Sir , this can not be the case . The advocates for the Anti-Catholic cause are not so weak nor so short sighted . It is for the perma- 923 nent establishment of their system that they ask , and not for a short delay in its destruction . And therefore , Sir , it appears to me that this single argument lying in so narrow a compass , and founded upon propositions so evident , is quite conclusive as to the whole question , even to those , who , under different circumstances , would be inclined to oppose the Catholic claim . For , Sir , first I maintain that emancipation can not be finally and certainly refused ; in the next place , that , whatever benefits might be derived from such final and certain refusal , those arising from delay would be slight and precarious ; and lastly , that though delay could occasion but little good , it would probably be the source of great and incurable evils . And from this it would follow , even if the measure were far more questionable in its own nature than I can allow , still , that we have reached that point at which it is no longer prudent to resist its progress , and when on the contrary it becomes our duty to shorten , as much as possible , that gloomy , feverish , perilous interval , which always elapses between the time when any claim , whether of civil , or religious liberty , has triumphed in principle and opinion , and that at which it is adopted by the government , and interwoven with the law and constitution of the state . Sir , I have begun with this argument because it is short , plain , and urgent , arising from the actual state of things and consistent with the greatest variety of opinions , not because I am at all disposed to shrink from the discussion of the question upon its own intrinsic merits , and independently of what may happen to be the disposition of the country at the moment . And therefore I shall now proceed , in as few words as possible , to explain what appears to me to be the true state of this question , and the grounds upon which I shall cordially support the motion of my right hon . friend . And in the first place , though from the natural anxiety of each party to exhibit their own case in the most favourable light , the real truth has not been sufficiently kept in view nor fairly acknowledged , it is quite evident to every person that gives to the subject a fair and dispassionate consideration , that , do what we may , we have only a choice of difficulties . Gentlemen on the one hand have talked of final measures , and settling votes , and of the firm steady con- 924 duct of parliament in making a stand upon its present ground and peremptorily refusing all further concession to the Catholics—and on the other hand we have with just as little reason heard emancipation ( as it is called ) treated as if it were to put an end to all differences and jealousies betwixt Catholic and Protestant , a `` panacea '' that would cure all wounds , a charm that would bring together the whole empire in perpetual happiness and union . Now the fact is , that whichever way we turn , we are met , I will not say , by considerable dangers , but by considerable embarrassment and inconvenience . That in the two islands of which this empire is composed , two different , and for a long time hostile religions should be professed , is in itself an evil