to him to be the fact , and therefore he thought the case of the peninsula more deplorable than ever . He wished to move , `` that the consideration of the grant be deferred till after the holidays . '' observed , that though the hon . baronet had professed his ignorance of military affairs , he had nevertheless dealt with no sparing hand in military censures . The hon . baronet 's opinions were so erroneous , that he could not possibly conceive how he had formed them , or where he had procured his information . He had talked indeed of military authorities , but without naming them , and he was aware that it would be useless to press the hon . baronet on that head . He had asserted that Ciudad Rodrigo had been stormed before a breach had been effected ; the contrary was notorious ; a breach had been first effected , and that breach , although most gallantly defended , was stormed afterwards ; nor did he think that all the anonymous military authorities , quoted by the hon . baronet , could point out to him any other way of taking a town . At Badajoz two breaches had been effected , and it was owing to the attention of the enemy being diverted by a front attack on those very breaches , that general Picton succeeded in converting his false attack on the castle into a real one—a case not unfrequent in war , and always within the calculations of the general , as was the case with the marquis of Wellington . The same mistake seemed as if fatally to follow the hon . baronet when talking of the attack on Burgos , for no less than five breaches had been effected in that fortress , by sapping and mining . It was true the storming did not succeed , because the place was most bravely and ably defended ; indeed such a resistance seldom was exhibited ; but in the failure of that enterprize , of which he never entertained any sanguine hopes , he was at a loss to discover how lord Wellington was to blame . The hon . gentleman next adverted to the picture drawn of lord Wellington 's retreat by the hon . baronet , at which he could not sufficiently express his astonishment . Where could the hon . 210 baronet possibly have got his information ? He had talked of our hospitals having been abandoned ; in this , however , he could assure him , that he had been completely misinformed . Some few of our sick , whose removal would have been attended with certain death , had been , perhaps , left behind in the hospitals , as was usual in such cases ; but he could assure the hon . baronet for his satisfaction , that the retreat had been effected in the most complete order . There was no haste , no trepidation , no uncertainty ; the measure had been foreseen , formed a part of a general plan , and all the necessary precautions had been taken . The enemy did not come up in force against our army—there were only partial affairs between the van-guards and the rearguards , and the amount of the loss on each day , except the last , had been transmitted by the marquis of Wellington , and regularly inserted in the Gazette . On that last day , the noble general had indeed mentioned that our troops had suffered severely , but nothing very disastrous could be concluded from that expression , as the distant cannonading had lasted only one day , and as the enemy had afterwards desisted from following our troops.—Adverting next to the hon . baronet 's historical recollections , the hon . gentleman was sorry to find that in this he was no more at home than he was on military affairs.—The hon . baronet had stated that it was not till after the battle of Blenheim that the duke of Marlborough had received parliamentary remuneration ; it was a fact , however ,