, the right hon . gentleman had thought the Message properly designated by cant or hypocritical , which terms ( had that conception been correct ) ; would , not have been misapplied . But did that right hon . gentleman think , that the paltry sum of 200,000l . could be thought of as an aid to Russia in such a war as she was engaged in ? The next objection regarded Spain , and ministers had been accused of contradiction in withdrawing this sum from Spain , and applying it to Russia . This had received a negative from his side of the House , not on account of any incur- 331 redness in the right hon . gentleman 's statement of what had been said , but because that had been spoken of as to be applied in aid of the government , which was intended for the relief of the people . The right hon . gentleman had justly stated , that more good would be done to our manufacturers by granting this sum to conciliate Russia , than by doling it out among them ; but with this had been mixed up the consideration of our policy as to America . Without attempting to enter on this question at present , it was not so clear as that right hon . gentleman seemed to imply , that hostilities had arisen entirely from the misconduct of government , and not at all from the spirit of the Americans . He was astonished to hear the right hon . gentleman speak as he had done of the Sinecure Offices ' Bill . It was true , that by a total disregard of vested interests , a fund might be produced ; but as to the Bill , it had been acknowledged last session by the hon . gentleman who proposed it , that though it would be grateful to public feeling , yet in a pecuniary sense it would be nugatory . in explanation , said , that as it was the duty of the Russian government to protect its own subjects , this could operate in no other way than as a subsidy to that government . As to the Sinecure Bill , he did not mean that the whole sum of 200,000l . would be found in the Treasury , but that by that measure a saving would be effected equal to the interest of that sum , which must be funded ; and of which the interest must now be paid by the people . was sorry to say , that the grant would not pass unanimously . On the Message being first read it had struck him that the grant was not proper ; and on discussion with friends whom he respected , and who entertained sentimentson the subject different from his own , he had not found reason to change his opinion . Some of the grounds of his dissent from the grant had been stated by his right hon . friend . He did not , moreover , think it just to this country to take money out of the pockets of our starving manufacturers , to apply it to sufferers to whom , unhappily , it could be of no use . Those unfortunate beings who , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had stated , had sought shelter from the severity of a Russian winter in their forests , were now , alas ! as senseless as the snow with which they were surrounded : and how , if they continued to exist , could the 332 small sum which they were that night called on to vote , afford them relief ? Though the contest in Russia might have a tendency to increase our own security , yet to imagine that this 200,000l . could be a bond of unity between that nation and ourselves , would be to contradict the testimony of experience . It had been the interest of Russia to enter into amity with us ; she had acted in pursuance of that interest , and in accordance with that interest she would act hereafter