had given notice of a motion relative to her Royal Highness , could alone say whether he was authorised by , or whether he acted in concurrence with her Royal Highness . He ( Mr. W. ) apprehended not . As it appeared that the hon . member was not in the House , it might be expedient , that when he came , he should be requested to declare whether his motion was or was not founded on any understanding with her Royal Highness . If the hon . member should state that he had no authority from her Royal Highness , it would then be for the House to decide on the propriety of taking her Royal Highness 's communication into their most serious and deliberate consideration ( as he trusted they would ) , independently of a notice with which it would appear to be wholly unconnected . Here the conversation dropped . rose and addressed the House as follows : Sir ; the speech of the right hon . gentleman who spoke second in the debate last night ( Mr . Pole ) , was not less creditable to him for its candour and sincerity , than deserving the attention of the House , inasmuch as he is a most competent witness to all the leading points of the question . He has said that the whole Catholic body , even the very poorest of them , are anxious for emancipation ; that the sense of the Protestants of Ireland is in favour of it , and that we are now come to that point , in consequence of the increased knowledge and riches of the Catholics , at which we must make up our minds , either to concede what they ask , or to re-enact the penal code and prepare for a rebellion . A right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Ryder ) has , like many others who preceded him , founded his opposition , in a great degree , upon the language and resolutions of the Catholic board . If , however , there were any thing , in that language , expressing soreness under grievance , or impatience to obtain redress , the Catholics have learnt it from your own history . If their language has been violent or intemperate , it has been taught them , either by the doctrine or the example , certainly by the provocation of their opponents . But great allowances should be made for the circumstances of irritation , under which this board was formed , the circular letter of the Irish Secretary ; the proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant ; the arrest of lord Fingal ; the trials of the delegates ; and the speech of the Attorney General , imputing treasonable intentions to the whole Catholic body . But the circumstance which should be most attended to , occurred immediately prior to the resolutions , which are the most condemned—the negociation for forming a new administration , which continued a whole month , and the Regent 's having acceded to the emancipation of the Catholics , as a part of the basis of the proposed arrangements . The Catholics must have been more than men , to have borne the result of it , the restoration of their opponents to power , in silence and satisfaction . But whatever may have been the impropriety of the language of the Catholics , it has nothing to say to the question ; we are not to legislate upon this local and narrow view of the subject , but upon those great principles of wisdom and justice , which 987 direct us to take the whole of the case under our consideration , and adopt one general and comprehensive measure . A right hon . member ( Mr. Ryder ) has asserted that the sense of the people is decidedly hostile to the Catholics ; but this does not appear to be the case from the Petitions . Four counties only have met by public requisition ; one of these , Cornwall , has said that enquiry ought to be gone into ; and another ,