Sir , & c. ABM . BRADLEY KING , Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin . '' `` To the right hon . Charles Abbot , Speaker of the House of Commons , & c. '' while he dissented from the opinions contained in the Petition which had been alluded to , conceived it to be his duty to support every proposition which had for its object the honour or interest of the city of Dublin , the capital of Ireland , and the second city of the empire . He should therefore move , `` That the right hon . the lord mayor of the city of Dublin be admitted to present a petition of the lord mayor and corporation of the said city , at the bar of this House , according to the usages observed , in like cases , regarding the sheriffs of the city of London . '' seconded the motion . said , in rising to oppose the motion , it was far from his wish to object to any compliment which the House might think proper to pay to the corporation of Dublin , or to the chief magistrate of that city ; but , in his opinion , they ought to be guided , in such cases , by precedent , and he knew of none that could bear out the present motion . If this claim were admitted , he thought it would be likely to occasion great inconvenience to future chief magistrates ; as it would no longer be a matter of option to transmit a petition from Dublin , by a member of that House , or by the lord mayor ; the custom being recognised , they could not depart from one regular course ; and , however unwilling , the chief magistrate would be obliged to act . It was undoubtedly the fact , that the House , through courtesy to the city of London , within which they almost held their meetings , permitted the sheriffs of that city , alone , to present petitions at their bar : but such a privilege was never permitted to any other part of the kingdom . In reference to the Petition from Dublin , the House were placed in exactly the same predicament as when petitions were sent from Edinburgh , in the custody of the Lord Provost . On those occasions , such a claim was never made . In the Petition on the case of capt . Porteous , in 1736 , when the Lord Provost was in town , and under examination , he never demanded 700 such a privilege ; and the same observation would apply to the Petition of ! 746 . But a very strong objection to the admission of this claim was founded on the fact , that it never was advanced when a parliament was sitting in Dublin . The corporation did not enjoy any such right when the Irish parliament was in being , and he saw no reason why this privilege , which he contended would be rather troublesome than advantageous , should now be granted . There could be no doubt , that a petition , presented from the corporation of Dublin , through any hon . member of that House , would have every attention shewn to it ; and he could not , therefore , conceive the necessity of transmitting it by the chief magistrate of that city . If the claim were admitted , it must either occasion the lord mayor of Dublin to be sent over to this country with every petition to parliament , which originated in the corporation , or , if that body acted differently , it would leave them open to the imputation of '' not treating other questions with the same dignity which marked their proceedings in the case of the Catholic question . If the claim having been allowed , a petition were presented by a member of parliament from that body , on a subject of importance at some future period , it might be said , `` O ! they do not see this