past—I believe ever since the reign of queen Elizabeth . And as to the secular arm , I am at a loss to conceive how Buonaparté can be more fully and determinedly against us than he is , or how he can extend or aggravate his hostility . Is it that the Pope , under Buonaparté 's direction , will bestir himself with the Roman Catholic clergy of Ireland , and will influence them against this country : In God 's name , are they not equally exposed to such influence , as things now stand ? and is not their influence over their flocks more formidable , in proportion to the prevalence of discontent and dissatisfaction among them ? From external we come to internal dangers . Would you admit Roman Ca- 1066 tholics into power to so unlimited a degree , as to suffer them to regulate the concerns of Protestants even in ecclesiastical matters ? There is no difficulty that I see in answering this question distinctly . The answer is , `` Certainly not . '' A clear and positive qualification to this effect , is precisely one of those which I should myself propose to introduce into the Bill , if I did not ( which , however , I dare say I shall ) find it there . All ecclesiastical offices , all offices connected with the ecclesiastical courts must be excepted from those which are thrown open by the Bill . Would you give a Catholic the custody of the great seal , and thereby make him keeper of the Protestant king 's conscience ? Again , speaking for myself , my own opinion , I answer `` No . '' This would be another of the exemptions which I should certainly propose in the Bill . I should except also the lord lieutenancy of Ireland . I should except , perhaps , the office of commander in chief . I have no difficulty in stating these opinions now . I shall be perfectly ready to discuss them when the occasion comes . Then says my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , and he thinks he has me in a dilemma , `` What will you do with the Test Act ? '' If I answer `` Nothing : '' then , I suppose he anticipates exclamations against my inconsistency : If I say , `` Repeal it '' —then what alarm for the church ? But I am not daunted by either of these opposite dfficulties . I answer distinctly thus : —The temper and practice of the British constitution is to redress practical grievance , but not to run after theoretical perfection . It loves to set the subjects of the realm at ease in point of conscience , and it abhors practical oppression ; but it cares little whether the theory of every part of its system squares exactly with that of every other part . Now , if a motion were made tomorrow , for the repeal of the Test Act , my first inquiry would be , `` Is there any practical grievance resulting from its existence ? `` —my second , `` Is there any considerable or certain evil to be apprehended from making the change ? '' And if the answer to the first of these questions should be in the negative , and to the second in the affirmative , I should not then be tempted to incur the certain hazard , for the sake—not of doing a good , but of curing an unsightliness or an anomaly . Prove to me that neither the Roman Catholic nor the state suffer any detriment from the laws now in being ; and it is not their 1067 mere harsh sound , or their mere deformity ; in the page of our statute book , that should induce rue to urge their repeal , against the feelings of many worthy and excellent men . Prove to me that the dissenters do practically suffer great inconvenience and injustice , and it is not the mere name of the Test Act , that should stand in the