discord between the two countries—therefore , he feared , that if he , or any great number of gentlemen were to oppose the Address , it would have the effect of encouraging those persons to make demands on this country , inconsistent with our rights , and which he , himself , thought the government ought not to grant . He was desirous not to have his conduct misunderstood : if he were 619 placed in a predicament either to vote for an Address which he did not entirely approve , but from an opposition to which great mischief was likely to ensue—his duty bade him prefer the former course . The noble lord might depend upon it that wherever he had any influence or weight , he would support his king and the just maritime rights of England . But he expected , from the noble lord and his colleagues , that they should be ready to meet the American government amicably , on the points which occasioned the war , and when an opportunity arrived , that they would , if possible , immediately put an end to it . said , he would not go into the subject of the Orders in Council . They were dead , and nothing need be offered to the House upon them . Neither would he enter upon the consideration of the Licence Trade , which had grown out of them , but was now abandoned , and given up as injurious to the country . He was aware the sentiments he was about to deliver were not very popular in that House ; yet his sense of duty would not allow him to with-hold them . He then stated , that he did not believe the assertions of the noble lord were correct , that the American declaration of war was at all connected with the state of Russia and France , which had no influence on the American government . They looked little to European politics ; and it was impossible to read the papers produced , and not see that the sole cause of the war was the Orders in Council . This was evident from one of the very last dispatches of the noble lord himself to Mr. Foster , which was to be communicated in extenso to the American government , and in which he was directed not to encourage the most distant expectations that these Orders were to be given up , while in fact they were repealed before the dispatch reached its destination . He would appeal to that hon . gentleman ( Mr. Foster ) who had fulfilled with so much ability the instructions he had received , and had now a seat in that House , whether it was not his opinion , from his knowledge of the sentiments of the American executive , that an earlier sacrifice of these Orders would have prevented hostilities ? When war did ensue , it was true the Declaration did not set forth this point only , but recapitulated a great many other grievances , some of them old subjects of complaint , and others which perhaps 620 might have been considered as settled . This , however , was always the case on such occasions , and such declarations were rarely confined to the sole point at issue . He had heard of a Spanish declaration of war , in which one of the grounds of offence was , that the English Secretary had received their ambassador in boots . Yet no one went so far as to pronounce this to be the cause of the war . On the subject of blockade , the government of both countries agreed in opinion . The subject of impressment was now the only obstacle in the way of peace , and a most important one it was . He felt strongly that the safety of the country would be very much endangered by a compromise of this right , or a surrender of the principle , unless some substitute could be devised , and he was also aware of the very great difficulty of such substitute