be doubtful , and , as he admits the fact that Mr. Pitt quitted his Majesty 's service , because he was unable to carry these measures in favour of the Catholics , which he thought expedient to the welfare of the empire , I must say that I think we remain entitled to avail ourselves of the authority of Mr. Pitt , to as great a degree as it has ever been claimed or relied on by the advocates of the Catholic cause . Amongst other charges which the hon . gentleman has brought against the Catholics , the most important appears to be , that they are friends to arbitrary government . Now , Sir , this charge , frequently gratuitously urged , and almost as often gratuitously received , appears to me to be totally without foundation . At least I 778 can not find , in history , any thing to prove that the Protestants have shown themselves , in any respect , greater friends to rational freedom . Was Henry the 8th , who effected the Reformation from no other motives than those of lust and avarice , so great a friend to liberty ? Was the glorious queen Elizabeth so great a friend to the liberties of the people , or the privileges of their representatives ? The right hon . gentleman who opened the debate , and whose brilliant exertions it little becomes me even to commend , has stated to you the services of the Catholics at Runnymede , in favour of liberty . It is true , that , at the Revolution , the Catholics adhered to James the 2nd ; but the great body of the people , Protestants and even Presbyterians , were equally attached to him . It is well known that the Revolution was accomplished by a few patriotic nobles and gentry ; and had James the 2nd , at . any period before his second and final departure from the capital , shewn the slightest degree of courage or of firmness , the prince of Orange might then have thought himself sufficiently fortunate if he had returned in safety to his native country . The nation was brought to acquiesce in the Revolution by the idea that their religion was in danger , and it can not be a subject for wonder , if the Catholics continued , longer than the rest of the nation , attached to their hereditary monarch , against whom no effectual objection was urged , except his devotion to their religion . The hon . gentleman ought to have recollected that the late rebellion in Ireland was not a religious war ; it was the struggle of the conquered against the conquerors ; of the native Irish against the Orange faction ; it was not contrived by Catholics , and even the principal leaders of the insurrection are well known to have been Protestants . Sir , I will not rely upon the little information I possess , but I can not recollect a single instance in history , of a Catholic nation having exchanged its free condition for an arbitrary government ; yet there exists , in modern times , two striking instances of Protestant nations having undergone that change : I need scarcely name Sweden and Denmark . But it has always been too easy for designing men to agitate the nation on this subject ; when other pretences have been wanting , the very name of the Pope has been , at all times , 779 sufficient to terrify the people . This unfortunate pontiff , trodden upon in France , despised in Italy , without territories , without revenue , abjuring temporal power , and , in fact , possessing none , is powerful only in the British dominions . Such , Sir , is the weakness of our government , such the disloyalty of our people , so cowardly are our soldiers , so stupid and ignorant our generals , so ineffective is our navy , that not even our insular position can protect us from the fear of this mighty potentate . But it is