also written the names of other persons ; it was also signed by persons out of the county , and where distance prevented the person 's own signature , it was supplied by some individual in his behalf ; it was also signed by women for their children , and in one instance a woman had subscribed the names of all her male children , one of whom is a felon , and now confined in gaol . It had been placed in situations out of the county ; for instance , one had laid at Tetbury , and hand-bills were issued , one of which he had in his pocket , calling upon the loyal and constitutional inhabitants to sign the Petition against the Catholic claims . He had been induced to make these remarks upon the mode and manner in which the signatures had been procured , but not with any intention to oppose its being received . requested the noble marquis to communicate the hand bill to which he had alluded . said , by permission of the House , he would read the hand-bill . The noble marquis accordingly read the contents ; which , by way of appeal to the supporters of the constitution , called upon them to subscribe the petition against the Catholic claims . observed , the distance from Tetbury to Wiltshire was not further than that of St. Stephen 's chapel from where he was standing . He enquired also , of the noble marquis , if his name had not been put by other persons to a petition ? said an occurrence of that nature had taken place , and if he had been present , or known it when it was presented , he should have noticed the impropriety . moved the third reading of this Bill . rose to oppose it . He stated that the object of the Bill was to prevent the Americans , our enemies , from obtaining certain very important naval 740 stores , composed of copper , and that if this object could be obtained by this Bill , or by any other measure that could be proposed , nothing would induce him to be so forgetful of his public duty as to oppose it ; but it was because he believed in his conscience , and from his practical knowledge and experience on this subject , that the Bill would wholly fail in accomplishing its professed and only object , and do nothing more than ruin a valuable branch of our export trade , that he felt it his public duty to resist it . In order to judge whether his view , or that of the proposers of the Bill was correct , two points only required to be adverted to : first , whether the Americans can provide themselves with the raw material , of which the naval stores are composed ? And secondly , whether they have the means , of converting that raw material into the articles proposed to be prohibited . Upon the first point he would not trouble the House , it being admitted even by the proposers of the Bill , that the Americans can obtain any quantities of the raw material from South America , Mexico , and other countries . And upon the second point , he could now assure the House , that he had within the last few days received positive information that two mills for rolling and manufacturing copper had lately been erected in America , and were now in full work upon that very article of which it was contended that this Bill would deprive the Americans . Of what use , then , could such a Bill be , but to take away all chance from the British manufacturers of meeting the American manufacturers in the American market—and , what was more important , forcing our allies in the Brazils , and other parts of America , to look to America instead of Great Britain for their supplies of those articles . Woeful experience of what had happened in France from a measure of the same kind adopted