the Act of Union , pleas would never be wanting for any infraction of it . The bond lay before them ; it was to the litera scripta of the bond , and to the meaning which had been attributed to it by its proposers , and not the glosses now put on it , that he should appeal . He had no objection to the discussion coming on at a future time , but he had thought it better to oppose the measure in limine , which opposition being recorded , he should not divide the House.—The previous question was then put and carried . rose for the purpose of stating some extraordinary circumstances that had come to his knowledge respecting the Petition now offered . At the meeting which was convened for the purpose of suggesting it to the county , the gentleman who proposed it , made a speech of an hour and three quarters long , in order to prevail upon his hearers to adopt it . This address , instead of detailing facts , or urging arguments against the 454 claims of the Roman Catholics , was filled from beginning to end with quotations made from the Anti-Jacobin Review , of the Third Part of `` A Statement of the Penal Laws affecting the Roman Catholic . '' It was well known to every individual at all acquainted with the subject , that this third part was a malicious and contemptible , fabrication , published for the purpose of defeating the just objects of a much injured portion of the king 's subjects , and it betrayed the grossest ignorance on the part of the person who cited it , as any authority to justify a Petition in opposition to their claims . This forgery , had , however , been successfully employed on this and on many other occasions ; it had been circulated throughout England with an industry that would have well become a better cause . Not only was the work itself transmitted to every country town , to mislead the ignorant , but pamphlets were written , and arguments employed , founded upon the false data supplied by this gross , malignant , and mischievous imposition upon public credulity . The House and the country , from such statements , might judge of the weight due to petitions , most frequently obtained by working upon the feelings , and deceiving the ignorance of the people of England . thought that the worthy baronet was needlessly alarmed , since , even supposing that the pamphlet were such as he had described it , it could not make that deep impression upon the minds of the sensible people of England which he had imagined : it was unfounded to assert , that the petitions against the Catholic demands were founded upon statements and arguments derived from the Third Part of the Statement of the Penal Laws . The resistance offered throughout the country , and in the House when the debate should take place , would be grounded upon the first and second parts of the Statement of the Penal Laws , written under the direction of the Catholic committee , and containing their exposition of the grievances under which they labour . He recommended the worthy baronet to read them , that he might be prepared against the discussion of the Catholic question , if he had not already perused them ; and if he was acquainted with them , he defied him to maintain that they were not authorised by the Catholic body of Ireland . replied , that although he 455 did not know what right the right hon . doctor had to catechise him , he had no objection to answer , that the two first parts of the Statement of the Penal Laws were authentic : he believed them to be the production of a gentleman who was employed by the general body of Catholics , to lay an exposition of the laws before the public . He feared that the learned doctor had not himself perused them , or he would never have persisted in his opposition