Here the hon . baronet drew forth a little loaf from his pocket , and after holding it up for the inspection of the House , he dashed it indignantly on the floor , and it rolled towards the Treasury benches , where it was picked up by one of the members . ] Mr. Burke , continued the hon . baronet , had once thrown down a dagger on the floor of that House , to produce effect , but he had produced something that was real , and not from the mere impulse of momentary feeling . He would ask , whether such a pittance was enough to sustain life ? Before he concluded , also , he wished to advert to the present state of the gaols throughout England . He feared there was a degree of oppression exercised in them by the inferior officers of what was called justice , countenanced in some instances by the magistrates themselves ( though he was far from intending to cast any imputation upon that body in general , ) which were shocking in a civilized country . With regard to the Petition he held in his hand , he knew not exactly what mode of redress to suggest to the House , but he thought some relief ought surely to be afforded . The petitioners were too poor to remove their complaints to either of the courts at Westminster by writs of Habeas Corpus . He concluded by moving , That the Petition do lie on the table . thought it would be a dangerous precedent to grant the prayer of the Petition , which went either to liberation from prison , or to being admitted to bail . The prisoners had been committed for felony , the Riot Act having been duly read , and they had continued their tumultuous conduct notwithstanding . It was the province of a jury , therefore , to decide upon their guilt or innocence ; and they would take their trial at the next assizes . He considered the allegations in the Petition as false . suggested whether it would not be better to present the Petition when there was a fuller attendance of members . said , he had waited till the House was nearly upon the point of adjourning , in hopes that more members would be present . put a question to the noble lord opposite , whether the clerks in the Navy Office ( who , although they had purchased their situations from lord Barham , had had their emoluments most unduly curtailed ) and to whose case he took occasion last session to call the attention of the House , had yet received any relief , or whether it was intended to afford the redress required ? He understood that a representation upon this subject had been made from the Navy Office to the Board of Admiralty , and he wished to know what was meant to be done in consequence of that representation ? expressed his regret that he had it not in his power to answer the hon . baronet 's question , of which had he been aware , he would have inquired after the information desired . He had , however , no doubt that complete justice would be done by the Admiralty . With respect to the hon . baronet 's allusion 346 to lord Barham , he trusted the hon . baronet did not mean by that allusion to insinuate any charge against that noble lord , who had , in the transaction referred to , merely followed the established official practice , and who was incapable of any dishonourable action . said , that he had it once in contemplation to bring forward a charge against lord Barham , and he still thought that no practice could justify the sale of these offices—but still less was he justifiable , after such sale , meanly to curtail the emolument of the purchasers . asked , whether it was the intention of ministers to press the provisions of the Local Token Act , and thereby to inconvenience the country in the present