danger to be apprehended from the interference of the Pope was merely ideal , the noble earl observed , with reference to some late proceedings of the Catholic Prelates of Ireland , that the Pope was not to be found , nor could any communication be had with him . said that he had a similar Petition to present from the University of Oxford . The mere act of presenting a Petition at variance with his own opinions , was a thing so common in parliamentary usage , that he should not have thought it necessary to notice the circumstance . But both the illustrious personage who had preceded him , and himself , stood in a peculiar situation with respect to these Petitions . They come , my lords , from corporate bodies at the head of which we have the honour to be placed ; and they purport to be the Petitions of the chancellors as well as of the other members of our two Universities . The illustrious personage has , therefore , thought it necessary to disclaim all participation in the prayer of the Petition which his Royal Highness has presented , and to remind the House that he has always hitherto ( and from motives which all who know them must applaud ) abstained from giving any opinion on this great question . For myself , however , I must go much further . My opinions upon it have been long publicly avowed . So far from concurring in this Petition , I am convinced that no other expedient could now be devised so certain and so effectual for bringing upon this country the very evils of which the petitioners are apprehensive , as the adoption of that very policy which they so earnestly recommend . Thus much I stated to your lordships on a similar occasion last year , and my opinion remains unaltered . But I have now a still more painful duty to discharge 113 To the declaration of my unqualified dissent from the prayer of this Petition , I must add , that of my strong disapprobation of the terms in which it is expressed . It appears to me , by obvious and necessary construction , to convey a most injurious , unwarranted and groundless aspersion on the motives and principles of some of the best and wisest men both living and dead , who have ever adorned the councils or the senate of this country . It appears to me to extend this reflection even to the proceedings of the legislature itself . Such being , as I think , the import of the words according to their plain sense and meaning , it was matter of grave and serious deliberation in my mind whether I could be justified by any consideration in suffering my name to be affixed , even for form 's sake , to such a paper . Nor am I yet sure that I have rightly decided . But if I have erred , it is on that side on which , if I err at all , I should wish my error to be found . I have erred from the desire of facilitating the exercise of the right of petitioning—from the wish to promote free discussion on this momentous question , and to give full scope and due weight to whatever either of argument or of authority can be adduced against those opinions , the success of which has always been best proved by full and unreserved examination.—I was also greatly influenced by my firm persuasion that the words which convey to my mind this highly objectionable sense were nevertheless not so intended by the framers of this Petition . They are men , I am confident , of juster and better regulated minds than to be capable of such a purpose . They know , I am certain , that nothing could be more unbecoming of their own peculiar stations—that nothing could less befit a grave , and reverend , and religious body , than the attempt to judge the consciences of others , and to fix an injurious calumny on the