and then went over nearly the same grounds , on the subject of peace with France , as he had before done . defended the administration of lord Sidmouth , and denied , peremptorily , as far as his recollection permitted him , the authorised publication of any such pamphlet as that mentioned by the hon . gentleman . said , it was shewn to him by the clergyman of a church in Bedfordshire ; and the person who wrote it , [ Mr. Cobbett ] afterwards declared , that it was circulated throughout the country by order of government . wished 133 to know , if he could see the publication alluded to ? said he had a copy of it , and the right hon . gentleman should have it in a few hours . begged to put a question to ministers , namely , at what time it was their intention to bring forward the subject of the renewal of the East India Company 's Charter . This was a question of very general importance , and it was peculiarly desirable to those interested , that it should be known , whether it was or was not to be agitated previous to the Christmas recess . said , it certainly was not the intention of government to bring forward the alluded to before Christmas . But , being a question of such importance , if government could come to an arrangement with the East India Company during the recess , it was their intention to bring forward the discussion at the earliest possible period after the recess . requested the indulgence of the House whilst he said a few words relative to what had fallen from a noble earl ( Hardwicke ) on a former day , relative to the Petition from the University of Cambridge against the Catholic Claims , he ( the bishop of Bristol ) not having been in the House on the day alluded to . The right reverend prelate proceeded to state , that it was not usual in the University to give more than three days ' notice of any measure intended to be brought forward ; but in this instance , it being a measure of importance , six days ' notice was given , a longer notice than he ever remembered in the University . He stated this to prove that the proceeding was not unfairly carried through , as alleged by the noble earl ; the fact being , that the greater number of those who voted in the minority came from London in consequence of the notice that had been given . With respect to the insinuation as to the motives of those who formed the majority , that they were looking either to preferment or translation , he must leave it to the noble earl himself to consider , whether a mere difference of opinion called for such a charge . trusted , though he was aware it was irregular , that after what had fallen from the right rev . prelate , he should be permitted to trouble their lordships with a few words . He regretted that the learned prelate was not in the House , when the Petition from Cambridge against the Roman Catholic Claims was prepared by the illustrious person who was chancellor of the University , when he had felt it his duty to offer some observations to their lordships , which he was as ready to repeat in the presence of the right rev . prelate , as in his absence . In the first place , it was impossible for him to avoid stating , that considering the great public importance of the subject of the Petition , sufficient notice had not been given to admit of the attendance of any considerable number of the non-resident members . For all questions of a local nature , on which the resident members were certainly well qualified to decide , the notice described by the right rev . prelate as the usual notice , and which had probably been given upon this occasion , was perfectly sufficient ; but whenever a