been better , if a direct proposition to legalise such tender had been made . To 281 the second division of the Bill , which went to prevent the disposal of the current coin of the realm for more than its legal denomination , or of Bank-notes for less , he was decidedly adverse . The Bill was originally introduced in the other House of parliament , with views very different from those on which it had afterwards received the support of his Majesty 's ministers—which were , to rescue the debtors throughout the country from an undue severity . The object of the noble earl ( Stanhope ) who proposed it was to introduce book-entries , which should at once supersede the necessity of coin or of Bank-notes ; and the ministers adopted so much of the Bill as would protect the debtors , placed , as they were , by the Bank restriction , in a most awkward situation . They interfered to the extent of preventing any creditor from insisting on that '' good and legal payment '' of his debt ( that was in current coin ) which it was not in the power of the debtor to make . In originating this demand , the noble lord ( King ) had done what he certainly had a right to do ; but , then , the matter came to this , that what he required , every other creditor in the country had an equal right to demand ; and he had the authority of the noble lord himself for saying , that this would be a most unjustifiable proceeding . In the notice to his tenants , he spoke only of leases executed before the passing of the Bank Restriction Act ; and therefore allowed that those whose rents were raised , in consequence of the depreciation of paper , by that act , and who were paid through that depreciated medium , ought not to be called on for any addition . If the system had been pursued , the man who Had deposited 1,000l . in notes , with his banker in the morning , might be called on in an hour to pay in cash ; and , by this means many persons would be placed at the mercy of those who entertained malice against them . This was a state in which the country could not be left ; and he was surprised that gentlemen should have opposed the whole Bill , as utterly unnecessary . On that ground alone , because he clearly saw the necessity , did he approve of the first part of the Bill . But there were many public creditors who had advanced hundreds of millions for the service of the country , and who , since the Bank restriction , were placed in the same situation with every individual in the kingdom , receiving their dividends in Bank-notes ; and he would ask , was it possible that those 282 who had trusted to the honour and faith of the public , should be left in so disadvantageous a situation ? Parliament , it was true , might not have interfered , but it would have been most unjustifiable , and would have placed the country in a state of danger . If they had not passed the first part of this Bill , which protected the debtor , they must have repealed the law , which prevented the public creditor from receiving his dividend in Bank-notes , and Bank-notes only , or , in other words , they must have opened the Bank : it was a matter of option , and he supported that course which seemed least likely to create mischief—but in giving that support , he was not influenced by any approbation of the principles on which the Bill was founded ; they were contrary to the law of the country , and could only be justified by necessity . The second part of the Bill was no less a violation of the principles of law and justice , without being founded on any necessity whatever . It had an