both of whom have distinctly admitted the danger of foreign influence , and the necessity of guarding against it . A similar admission I understand to have been made by my right hon . friend ( Mr . Pole , ) who , in the course of his speech , has appeared to call upon me to bear witness , that the opinions , then delivered by him , were consistent with those , which he was known to have entertained while he was in office . I may not understand the appeal made to me correctly ; but if I do , I must assure my right hon . friend , that I am not aware of any communication , at any time , from him , which would have led me to form any other conclusion , with respect to the opinions of my right hon . friend , than one directly opposite to that of his speech this night : namely , to this conclusion , that the Roman Catholic claims could not be conceded with safety , because they would grant no effectual securities . Indeed , I am so strongly impressed with this opinion , that when my right hon . friend rose , I expected him to have taken an opposite course of argument from that which he has adopted . It is true , my right hon . friend voted for the Resolution at the end of the last session ; but what were the grounds upon which that Resolution was supported ? It was urged , that the sentiments of the Protestants , both here and in Ireland , were changed , and this argument appeared , at that time , to derive some countenance from the absence of petitions from any considerable numbers of the Protestant-body . It has , however , since been proved , that the silence of the country was owing , as I have always contended , not to indifference nor apathy to this great question , `` involving , as they believe , the dearest in- 943 terests of their own religion , but to a laudable reluctance , not unnecessarily to agitate the public mind upon questions , of all others , the most likely to excite the worst species of contest—animosity ; but to confidence that their representatives , entertaining the same opinion with themselves , would give no encouragement to claims , which could not be safely conceded ; and that confidence has been confirmed , year after year , by the uniform conduct of parliament , till the close of the last session . Since that period , however , the table of the House has been loaded with petitions against those claims . It is said , indeed , that many of them have been obtained by misrepresentation and artifice ; that some of them are violent in their language , and do not merit the attention of the House . I admit , Sir , that implicit faith is not always to be given to petitions ; that they are sometimes obtained by undue means : that they do not always speak the real sober sense of those bodies , whose sentiments they profess to represent . I know , however , nothing of these facts which have been alluded to in the course of the debate . It is very possible , that in this , as in all other cases , where great interests are at stake , excess of zeal may , in some instances , have out stepped the bounds of prudence and moderation on both sides of the question . I will not stop to enquire , because , in my view of the subject , it is immaterial whether this or that petition , out of the immense numbers which have been presented to the House , against granting the Roman Catholic claims , may not have been penned with more caution , on the one hand , or what arts have been used , what influence exerted , to impede the progress of these petitions on the other . Making all reasonable allowance