Bill increased the temptation to crime , drove all our gold and silver out of the market , and , by thus increasing their value as compared with Bank of England notes , promoted the buying and selling of guineas . The persons who had been punished under this Bill being mostly ignorant , and therefore unable to understand , or perhaps to read the act , had been seduced and entrapped . But why had not a late wholesale offender , the person who offered 27,000 guineas to the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and who could not be ignorant of the provisions of the act , why had he not been brought to justice ? It might be even said , that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer neglected his duty to the public ( for gold was much wanted for the public service ) in not accepting of the offer ; for he had it in his power to pay for the sum in country bank notes , by which means he could have evaded the provisions of the Bill . stated his object to be the proposition of a tax 244 upon rice imported from any other quarter than the East Indies . He deprecated any objection to this proposition , upon the ground , that it applied to a necessary of life , for in point of fact the operation of the case would be to secure a supply of rice from our own territories , while , if circumstances should render the importation of the article desirable from America or elsewhere , it would not be raised inconveniently high to the consumer . The necessity of this arrangement , he illustrated by referring to an instance in which government had paid 5 or 600,000l . in bounties on the importation of rice from the East Indies , which rice had never been used for human food , but devoted to poultry , in consequence of the importation from other places . Here , then , was a loss to the treasury and to the importers , without any relief to the public . To prevent the occurrence of such an event , he proposed to withdraw the bounty upon East Indian rice , while an additional tax was imposed upon rice imported from other quarters . The right hon . gentleman submitted a resolution , That an additional duty of ten shillings per cwt . be imposed upon all rice imported from any country not belonging to his Majesty , or not within the territories of the East India , Company.—The motion was agreed to . mentioned , that it would be of great importance to the public service to have a speedy decision on an Appeal now before the House , relative ; to encroachments in Portsmouth Harbour , and suggested the expediency of hearing it on an early day after the recess . said , he had no objection to take this Appeal out of its course , provided it could be done without injustice to the other suitors before the House . If the Appeal now alluded to could be heard in the morning , so that it might not interfere with the regular course of proceeding in regard to other appeals , he should be willing to agree to such an arrangement . It would be felt to be an indispensible act of justice to the other suitors to make some such an arrangement , when he stated , that of the 270 Appeals and Writs of Error now on the table , the last of them , according to the mode of hearing hitherto acted upon , 245 could not be decided for eleven years from this time . had no objection to agree to this arrangement . It was only the importance of the case to the public service that induced him to propose to take it out of its course . His lordship went into the consideration of the Bill recently passed by the House and sent down to the Commons , for the appointment of a Vice-Chancellor , observing