correct. `` I thought ( said Mr. Pitt ) that such concessions to his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects might have been granted , by an united parliament , under such guards and securities for our civil and ecclesiastical constitution , as would entirely remove the danger which many apprehend might arise from so great a departure from the policy of former times ; as would render the boon safe : to the country , effectual to those who received , innocent to those by whom it was conferred , and conducive to the strength , unanimity and prosperity of the empire . Such were my sentiments formerly ; such are they now ; if , from a concurrence of circumstances it were expedient now to grant those concessions ; and if by a wish I could carry such a measure into effect , I am ready to confess that I see no rational objection to it . '' These words , these memorable words , are not to be effaced from the minds and the hearts of those who heard them by any reasoning ; nor will it be pretended I think , that between the day on which these words were uttered , the 14th of May . 1805 , and the day of Mr. Pitt 's lamented death , any thing had happened which could work so fundamental a change in his opinion as the hon . member assumed to have taken place in it between his first and second administration . But if such were at the period to which I have referred , if such continued to the very end of his life Mr. Pitt 's opinions upon this great subject , he was ( says the hon . gentleman ) wholly unprovided with any means of carrying those opinions into effect . He had no plan . Here again the hon . gentleman speaks not from authority , but argumentatively ; and his argument deserves particular notice for its ingenuity . Mr. Pitt it seems had no plan , —for Mr. Pitt did not communicate his plan to lord Eldon . The syllogism runs thus—Every plan for settling the Catholic question must be communicated to the Lord Chancellor ; Mr. Pitt did not communicate any such plan to the Lord Chancellor ; Ergo , Mr. Pitt had no such plan . I will admit the minor proposition if the hon . gentleman pleases ; but negatur major . I will allow that Mr. Pitt made no such communication to lord Eldon , the avowed enemy of Mr. Pitt 's known views of this 1071 question ; but I utterly deny that it was incumbent on Mr. Pitt to make any such communication ; or that his not making it warrants the hon . gent . 's conclusion . In truth , Sir , every man who hears me knows—it is notorious to all the world , —what was the impediment to Mr. Pitt 's pursuing his own views of this question . Whether he did right in yielding to that impediment or not , is a point which has been over and over again discussed in this House , and which I will not weary the House with re-debating at present . I think he was right in that forbearance . I have acted myself on the same principle of forbearance since his death . But the impediment is in force no longer ; and I have in my own mind the most perfect conviction not only that Mr. Pitt never changed his opinion upon the subject , fundamentally , that he considered that opinion as suspended , not abandoned ; and that had he been now happily alive , he would now have been pursuing the course which I think it my duty to pursue on this occasion . This , I say , is my own conviction . I do not pretend to state it as my knowledge . I ask no deference to any presumed authority of mine on this point . I stand on Mr. Pitt 's recorded words , compared with his known conduct ; known to all who