very unsatisfactory . The horse guards were not the best fitted for foreign service , and they were sent abroad ; they were best fitted for home duty , and they were not allowed to remain here . He had no doubt they would fight well ; they had the gallantry of Englishmen , neither more nor less , and that was enough . But so unfit were they for foreign service , that , as he was credibly informed , when they arrived in the peninsula , about fifty of the horses died in the first fourteen miles they marched . Yet their employment occasioned an increase in the estimates of 29,000l . And how absurd and preposterous was their equipment ! But , said the noble lord , only consider what a thing it would be if they had gone out in their little cocked hats , which would be so easily knocked off , and they would be exposed , bare-headed , to the elements . Why , the poor Blues were sent off with their little cocked hats , but the horse guards were furnished with helmets , and of such a weight ( for he had tried one on his own head , as matter of curiosity ) , that they were an infinitely greater evil than the one intended to be remedied . Perhaps , indeed , they had been altered ; for change and alteration were the fashion of the day . In addition to this weight , they were furnished with a rivet and screw , for the purpose of keeping fast some ornament , and which were so placed on the inside , that if a heavy blow of a sabre fell on the helmet , it must fracture the skull of the wearer ; and yet it was all done for the convenience of the soldier . He had been told , however , that by the present foolish and ridiculous manner of equipping the cavalry , the colonels pocketed 700l . a year , while the men lost an aggregate of 400l . ; nor were the helmets of that use they were pretended to be . Let any gentleman pass by the Horse Guards , and look at the little straight cap , bolt upright , with no shade for the eye , in sun or rain , and then judge whether the comfort of the soldier was consulted . He had seen the 10th regiment reviewed some years ago under the command of Sir Charles Grey , and a finer and more fitly dressed body of men were 1185 never seen : if a soldier equipped in the fashion of the present day had ridden through the line , the whole regiment must have burst into laughter . Another preposterous part of their equipment was the saddles . England was celebrated for its sadlery , and on the continent nothing was more eagerly sought after than an English saddle ; but that which the horse guards had was any thing but a saddle : two sticks and a bit of leather composed its whole construction . He regretted to see such mummery—every Englishman laughed at them as they passed along the streets . The noble lord had called his hon . friend facetious : the board of general officers were far more facetious , for they made all England laugh every day . He could wish also that the national colour had not been departed from . All the continental troops nearly were clothed in blue uniforms : why had we adopted that colour ? Many fatal accidents had happened in consequence of it . Our men , mistaking the enemy , had fallen into their hands : sometimes they had fallen by the hands of their own comrades , who mistook them for the enemy . He saw no occasion for any change . Red was the established English colour , and the soldier was proud of it . With regard to the estimates themselves , he thought they ought to be deferred . The noble lord had not satisfactorily accounted for the 10,000l . for