this country , and all Europe , in a situation , so different from that in which it has been so long involved , as to justify sanguine expectations of the recurrence of such favourable circumstances : be that as it may , however , I have great doubts whether this plan can ever succeed without the concurrence of the Pope himself , in some shape or other ; and , as it is evident that there is no probability whatever of obtaining it , at the present moment , I can see no good , but on the contrary , much evil , likely to arise from going into a general committee on the Roman Catholic claims , such as is now proposed . This is a question wholly of political expediency ; in other words , on which side lies the greater difficulty and danger ? First , what is the danger to be apprehended from conceding to the Roman Catholics at this time ? Secondly , what is the danger to be apprehended from not conceding to them , at the present time ? Under these two considerations , all the main arguments , relied on by the supporters of these innovations , appear to be reducible ; as they consist ; First , in depreciating and ridiculing the supposed power , influence , and dangerous tenets of the Papal See , and of the Romish priesthood ; and , secondly—in exaggerating and magnifying the perils to be expected from the discontents and dissatisfaction of the Papists in this realm , if their demands are not complied with . As to the first point , it must depend on a consideration of the Popish tenets of this day ; and of the conduct of that church , with reference to the actual state of affairs in Europe , at this alarming conjuncture . I must here observe , that these Roman Catholic pretensions approach us under a double aspect ; as it were , under a mask with two faces . There is the Religio Laici , and there is the Religio Cleri . When it is objected that the opinions and tenets of the Romish church are irreconcilable with , and hostile to , our Protestant establishment , we are told that the higher ranks of the Romish communion , in the united kingdom , the nobility and gentry , who claim a participation in our privileges , care very little about these dogmas and doctrines , or about the Pope 's supremacy . They are of the old religion ; and adhere to it , forsooth , more on the footing of a point of honour , and as a mark of ancient family and clanship , than on account of 824 religious faith or moral conviction . And , indeed , there can be little doubt that free-thinking and infidelity have made a progress among Roman Catholics of the above description , as they have done among Protestants of a similar class . But the Re-ligio Cleri , is still a different thing , and the clergy , and many , undoubtedly , of the laity too , are really good and sincere Catholics , and conscientiously adhere to the tenets and principles of the Church of Rome , as being applicable to all times and seasons , and in their nature unchangeable , and indestructible ; and , with this argument we are met , when we ask why do the Roman Catholics of this day adhere so pertinaciously to the supreme spiritual authority of the Pope ? I must therefore protest against being bound to consider and decide a question , of such immense importance , on such loose and uncertain grounds ; and must insist on having a right to treat the Roman Catholics on this occasion , as sincerely attached to their faith , and to the peculiar doctrines of their church . I have a right , then , to enquire , first , Is the Church of Rome , in its doctrines and discipline , materially changed from what it was heretofore ? —and , secondly , Do