were not sufficiently defined . Without wishing to revive the remembrance of animosities , which no one can more earnestly wish to bury in oblivion , and for the purpose only of proving the interpretation , which the Catholic prelates themselves have given of the terms 'spiritual supremacy ' I will read ah extract from a work , which is a continuation of the history of Hume . The author is recording the proceedings of the Catholics in Ireland , before the power of William the third was established in that country ; and when we have before us the last instance , in which that body have held paramount political power within the united kingdom , we are informed that `` When bishoprics and benefices in the gift of the crown became vacant , the king ( James the second ) ordered the profits to be lodged in the Exchequer , and suffered the cures to be totally neglected . The revenues were chiefly employed in the maintenance of Romish bishops and priests , who grew so insolent under this indulgence , that in several places they forcibly seized the Protestant churches . When complaint was made of this outrage , the king promised to do justice to the injured , and in some places actually ordered the churches to be restored . But the Popish clergy refused to comply with this order , alleging that , in spirituals , they owed obedience to no earthly power but the holy see ; and James found himself unable , to protect his Protestant subjects against a powerful body , which he durst not disoblige . `` * Now , Sir , the right hon . gentleman says , that we have libelled the faith of the Catholics , and have imputed doctrines to them , which they never held ; that the Catholics of the present day may , indeed , agree in matters of faith with the Catholics of former days ; but then they disclaim the construction which we put upon the tenets of their ancestors . I should be sorry to put the construction upon those tenets which , in the instance which I have quoted , appears to have been given to one of them by the Catholic prelates themselves , and I have referred to that passage as a proof , that some explanation of the extent to which the spiritual authority of the Pope goes , is absolutely called for . Sir , we are told that we are not to treat * Smollett 's Continuation , vol . 1 , c. 1 , s. 41 . 915 with , but to legislate for , the Catholics ; yet , when the right hon . gentleman is asked what securities he will propose , he answers , that he has not any to propose , and to one he will not consent , viz . to the Veto . But what species of legislation is this ? Why is the Veto abandoned ? Because the Catholics will not consent to it ? And if we abandon it on those grounds , upon what principle can we insist upon domestic nomination , which we have every reason to believe is equally objectionable to the Catholics ? There was a time when the Veto was admitted by the Catholic prelates themselves , not to be incompatible with the Catholic religion ; they have retracted that admission , but they have not accompanied it with any assurance that domestic nomination is more consistent with it . If you think securities absolutely necessary , and that , without the consent of the Catholic prelates , no effectual security can be obtained , and if these prelates have recently issued a formal declaration that , in the present state of their church , no alteration can take place , at this time , in the mode of their appointment , I should think that every person , excepting those who wish that all privileges should be granted to the Catholics , without any restriction whatever , will see the impossibility of coming to any final and conciliatory adjustment of