doubt that the disposition to assist the distress of the Russians , which this proceeding would evince , must carry satisfaction to every heart in Russia , and tend to bind the closer those habits of connection which common interests and long experience pointed out as so advantageous 328 to both . He trusted that it would lay the foundation of an alliance more durable and more closely cemented than any political or diplomatic arrangement could frame . Every traveller who had visited Russia would bear witness how much the hearts * of the people were actuated by good will towards this country ; and he trusted that this feeling would now receive greater force . Their gratitude would more than equal our liberality ; and on these grounds , without further trespassing on the patience of the committee , and leaving the question rather to their own feelings and judgment , upon facts of unquestionable notoriety , than endeavouring by any argument of his to persuade them to the vote , he begged leave to conclude by moving , '' That it is the opinion of the committee , that the sum of 200,000l . be granted to his Majesty to enable his Majesty to afford relief to such parts of the Russian empire as have suffered from the invasion of the enemy . '' declared , that it certainly was his intention to vote for the proposed grant , but it was not on account of any of the reasons stated by the right hon . gentleman , nor was it because the terms in which the Message was conceived , were such as were most likely to induce the House to comply with its request . The Message stated the wish of the government to be , to afford `` speedy relief '' to the suffering Russians ; and after this declaration , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , that before any relief could be granted , it would be necessary to communicate with our ambassador at Petersburgh ; so that it would arrive at the end of the winter , when it would be unnecessary . Effectual relief was held out as attainable ; but it would not be in the power of the country , not only if it were as liberal but as extravagant , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer could wish , to afford it . But though it was his opinion , that the relief to the sufferers would neither be speedy nor effectual , he should not vote against the proposed grant . But he voted for it , not under the supposition that any of it would go to the Russian peasant , but as a present to the Russian emperor , and lest we should seem to manifest a coldness or backwardness with respect to the noble struggle in which he was engaged . Thinking thus , he did not like the cant of this begging Message , which came to the House under the hypocritical pretence of asking alms for the people For the sufferings of the people 329 of this country , he felt as much as any man ; and if the question were simply , to take a sum from the sufferers of England to give to those of Russia , he should give it his negative . The distresses in England , it might be proper to remark , though brought on partly by causes beyond the controul of government , had been in part caused by circumstances which it would have been in their power to prevent . If speedy and conciliatory measures had been adopted with regard to America , a very large portion of this distress would not have existed . At the beginning of the session , the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh ) had said , that the most effectual way of assisting Russia , —the way in which that country wished to be assisted , —was , by efforts in Spain : that noble lord had also said , that efforts as great as the power of the country would admit