that so many of the clergy had shewn a disposition to place the security of the church on the principles of exclusion ; by so doing , they did all that lay in their power to place it on principles which might be fatal to its existence . 1199 With respect to the enemies to the Catholic cause , what had they done ? they had petitioned for a monopoly , and said that the concession of the claims would be dangerous . It was a subject fatal to the Protestant monopoly and the Protestant church . This party were for a perpetual division , and desired parliament to exclude a great portion of the people from the benefits of the constitution—and upon what grounds—upon an argument that tended ultimately to force them out of the empire . He would again revert shortly to the arguments that were clothed with the sacred name of the Act of Settlement . He allowed , that it was a point of the Act of Settlement to exclude the Catholics , but it was by no means an essential part which could admit of no alteration . In the Act of Union with Scotland , the oath was declared to be subject to future regulation ; for it was declared , that it should remain as it then was , until otherwise provided for by parliament . This sufficiently manifested the power of parliament to interfere : and when his opponents set forth the consecration of the Act of Settlement , as an insuperable barrier , he should reply to them with this provisional vote of parliament , which declared , that the oath was not fundamental , but subject to future regulation . At the time when the union with Ireland was under consideration it did not appear that it was deemed fundamental . Some of those who were concerned in that measure were still alive and in the House ; and were they now that they had attained their object , in gaining the Union , prepared to say that they looked upon that this day to be fundamental which they then allowed to be provisionary ? But the argument upon which some hon . gentlemen mainly rested , was the incompatibility of all the plans that had been proposed . His answer was , that a diversity of opinion , as to the mode of effecting Catholic emancipation , was by no means fatal to unity of principle with regard to the object . All were agreed , that the church of England , the church of Scotland , and the church of Ireland , should be amply secured and maintained . Here , at least , was concord . If you agreed that the Catholic religion was consistent with the welfare of the state , you might have different modes of conciliation , but you were agreed as to one essential point . His right hon . friend under 1200 the gallery , and himself , might think differently as to the particular limitations and exceptions ; any plan , indeed , to be proposed , would of course be the subject of modification , and a matter of debate . When the House resolved to go into the Committee , they , in fact , decided that Catholic emancipation , however a question of difficulty , was not a question of impossibility . The question , indeed , before the Committee , might be comprehended under three heads : the first was , set at liberty the Catholics ; the second , establish the church , by every requisite security ; and the third , impose no conditions incompatible with the Catholic faith . These were the heads of what he should have to propose . It had been said , that Mr. Pitt had sunk under the difficulties which the subject presented ; and as a proof of this , it was added , that he never had communicated his plan . But it was certain , that Mr. Pitt went out of office in 1801 , not because his plan was impracticable , but from other wellknown