ought we not to have strained all the resources of the country , he would say to their very utmost : and , if we were honest in our exertions in behalf of the cause , ought we not to have seized this momentous crisis as it occurred , to strike one grand and decisive blow ? In these preliminary views of the question , which he had ventured to offer to their lordships , his great purpose was to inquire , and to instigate their lordships to inquire , whether the system which had hitherto been pursued was founded upon just and extended principles , whether an able and efficient exertion of our resources had been made ; whether such means as the country possessed had been fully employed ; and whether , upon the whole , the result had been such as the nation had 24 a right to expect , from the possession of those means , and the right application of them . He could wish also that it were possible to fix in the minds of their lordships something like a definite and precise object as to the issue of the contest in the peninsula . His own idea as to the only true and legitimate object of that contest was , that it involved the expulsion of the French armies from Spain : this he considered as the plain and practical object : it was intelligible to all , and he would detain their lordships only a few moments , while he inquired what had been done in the course of the present year , towards its accomplishment , compared to what might have been done if our resources had been properly , wisely , and efficiently employed . His own opinion decidedly was , that the war in the peninsula had been carried on in a way totally inadequate to the production of that result which he had stated as the only true and practical one of the contest . He would carry his inquiries back ( and with as much brevity as possible ) to the period a little before the reduction of Badajoz , somewhere about the beginning of April last . At that time the great general who commanded our armies in Spain having reduced that important fortress , his next step , it was natural to suppose , especially at that season of the year , would be to expel the French from the south of Spain . But why did he not do so ? Because his means were deficient ; because he was under the necessity of abandoning his object , that of marching against Soult , and raising the siege of Cadiz , from inadequate resources ; and he was under the necessity of marching northward with his army , because in the North of Spain he had no force which he could leave sufficient to check and resist the progress of Marmont . To the north he accordingly did proceed , and there he was , from an operation of the same causes , compelled to remain on the frontiers of Spain till the 13th of June , and by that time Marmont 's army was in such a state from the accession of reinforcements that it became doubtful whether the British commander could advance or not . But why did he remain so long ? Because his means of advancing were insufficient ; because he wanted money and supplies of every sort ; because he had not the common means of transport to convey his artillery . These were stubborn facts which he defied any one to contradict . At last , 25 however , lord Wellington advanced Without a battering train , not because he thought it unnecessary for the success of his military operations , but because he literally had not the means of transporting it . But then , after lord Wellington did advance , what state was he in ? He found Marmont 's army much stronger than he expected : and he also discovered another circumstance—his object in advancing ( and here he begged leave distinctly to assert that