will , I think , be most satisfactory to the House , I should read this passage , with the context . `` No one can be a greater friend than I am , to toleration , properly so called ; I consider it as a mark of the true church , as a principle , recognised by the most eminent of our reformers and divines . But I contend , that the Roman Catholics are already in complete possession of religious toleration . What they now demand is political power—a species of political power which , in my judgment , could not be granted , without extreme hazard to our constitution in church and state . Popery is not only a system of religion , it is also a system of politics . This , indeed , is so manifest , from the history of these kingdoms , subsequent , as well as prior to the Reformation , that those who have , of late , undertaken the cause of the Papists , and urged the removal of all the restraints , framed by the wisdom and piety of our ancestors , to prevent a repetition of those horrors and miseries , which were fresh in their memories , assure us , that Popery now is different from what Popery was . I am confident that this opinion has led many to support the claims of the Papists , who are truly and zealously attached to the church of England , and would be among its most firm defenders , in any time of trial ; but I am convinced , that no opinion was ever more unfounded . To trace this opinion to artful misrepresentation , specious liberality , or infidel indifference—to prove it false from the dogma of infallibility , which allows no change—from the decrees of the councils and the bull of Popes , which contain the most mischievous political maxims , and authorise the most unwarrantable interference with the rights of civil government and of religious liberty—to prove that recent facts , and recent publications , absolutely and authoritatively maintain the same doctrines , and contradict the idea of any alteration , as derogatory to the honour of their church , may perhaps , if life be spared me , and circumstances should demand it , employ some future hour . `` —I now leave it to the House to judge , whether the passage in question is or is not applied , by the bishop , to those who differ from him in opinion ? explained , that what he had said , and to which the hon . baronet had alluded , referred to that remarkable expression in the hon . baronet 's speech which he had used when speaking of the petitions received from the clergy . Those petitions he had represented as coming from men who had mitres ontheir heads , or mitres in their heads . This , I said was a gross calumny , and from that expression I do not depart . repeated that the passage in the pamphlet which had been alluded to , did not deserve the construction which had been put on it , and contended he had a right to state such to be his opinion , and this opinion he would still maintain . said , what had just passed showed to what perfection the critical taste of the House had been brought . This , however , had been amply illustrated in the course of the present discussion . They had , nevertheless , been told , that they ought not to criticise the petitions submitted to them too closely ; yet one hon . gentleman who had spoken from under the gallery , had said he could not vote for the motion on account of the intemperate language held by the Irish Catholics , and this though the English Catholics , it was admitted , had urged their claims with singular modesty . Thus it would be seen , in whatever temper the Catholics pursued the object they had in view , with some it was impossible their prayer could have