Chancellor of the Exchequer would find it difficult to adduce a precedent , in which the House had sat to do business , on a Saturday , at so early a period of the session . said , that , in point of fact , in all stages of the session , Bills for Supply , or for other urgent matters , were expedited on Saturdays . objected to any extension of the privilege of franking by public officers , observing , that there was no one privilege more abused . It was only from the newspapers that he had been aware of the House meeting this day , a thing which he observed had been objected to , though unsuccessfully . The reason assigned , however , for this unusual meeting of the House on Saturday was the necessity of forwarding some Bills which required dispatch . He could not conceive the present to be a Bill of that description , and therefore he hoped it would not be pressed , that he might have an opportunity of demanding from the right hon . gentlemen on the other side , on some future day , some explanation as to the grounds on which the measure in question was proposed . was convinced if the hon . member had attended to the statement made by him on the introduction of this measure ; if he had reflected on the immense multiplicity of business in the Post Office , all falling to the share of one man , and the impossibility of conceiving that any one person , who had such important duties to perform , could be always on the spot , attending from day to day without intermission ; if he had considered that without such a Bill as the present , the whole of the important duties of this office must be at a stand , during any occasional indisposition or necessary absence of the Secretary , he was satisfied the hon . gentleman must have been convinced , that the present Bill was not only not unreasonable , but necessary . For his own 296 part , instead of expecting any objection to the Bill now , he was surprised that such a measure had not hitherto been thought of . As to any abuse of this privilege by any public officer , he was not aware that such had existed ; but if it did , and the hon . gentleman would point it out , a speedy check should be put to it . alluded to the privilege enjoyed by a noble lord , one of the paymasters general of the forces , who never entered the door of the office ; and to a similar privilege enjoyed by the three commissioners of woods and forests . This certainly was less objectionable , and if on enquiry he found it was as the hon . gentleman had stated , the Bill should experience no farther objection from him . The Bill was then read a second time . rose to move the following Resolutions which were brought forward by Mr. Brougham in 1811 : viz . 1 . `` That , by the law and constitution of these realms it is the undoubted right of every man to sell or otherwise dispose of his property for whatever he deems to be its value , or whatever consideration he chuses to accept , and that every man possessed of a Bank-note , or other security for the payment of money , has an undoubted right to give it away for nothing , or in exchange for whatever sum of money he pleases , or , if he can not obtain what he demands , to retain possession of it . 2 . `` That any statute having for its object to restrain this right would be contrary to the principles of the British constitution , and a flagrant violation of the most sacred rights of property , and the ancient and unalienable liberties of the people . 3 . `` That any statute having for its object to prevent the Bank or other paper currency of