the present parliament , they would now have been called upon to redeem . That such a pledge is binding upon their successors , certainly can not be asserted ; but I maintain , that , while the circumstances of the case remain the same , while the same importance attaches itself to the question , the present House are equally bound to entertain and deliberate upon , the measure . I trust that they will do so , that they will follow the precedent set before them by their predecessors , and show an anxious disposition at least , to promote that final and conciliatory adjustment , which every well-wisher to his country , every one who regards the unanimity of his fellow subjects as the best safeguard of the constitution , must look forward to , with anxiety and satisfaction . I think it is the bounden duty of parliament to shew 859 that disposition , to bring the question before them in as full and fair a shape as possible ; and not , by refusing an inquiry , to prejudge what , strictly speaking , they have not heard . Without this , the true sense of parliament never can be ascertained , its opinion upon each particular point and feature of the question will remain undeclared , and one sweeping vote will involve a variety of questions , all requiring , in my opinion , separate investigation and decision . I do not think that certain resolutions of the Catholics out of doors , ought to have any influence on our deliberations . We are not to treat with the Catholics as with a body of legislators , but to legislate for them ; to see what relief can be granted , and to be able to say to them , `` We have examined your grievances , so and so we have decided '' and the decision will carry with it that authority which it will justly deserve . It is said , Sir , that by consenting to go into a committee , you are raising hopes , which may not be realized , and that , by considering , you are expected to concede . Even allowing this objection , surely it is of far greater consequence , that no impression should be suffered to remain upon the breasts of any one of your petitioners , that their case was neglected by you , and that no imputation should be cast upon the legislature , of unwillingness to listen even to claims strongly urged , and strongly advocated . But surely the question of deliberation and decision are perfectly distinct , and therefore the objection is altogether invalid . I , for one , totally disconnect them , and beg fully to be understood , as giving my vote solely in favour of the present motion , unconnected with any other , reserving myself , as to what opinion I may entertain , or what part I may feel it my duty to take , upon any measure hereafter to be proposed . By my present vote , I am giving no opinion upon the question , am lending myself to no particular line of conduct ; but merely advocate that enquiry which justice , as well as policy , demands ; which , if granted , can not be followed by any ill consequences , but if refused , must produce regret and disatisfaction . ( member for Bristol ) .—Sir ; it is with extreme reluctance I rise to address the House at any time , but more especially on a subject which has called forth , so often , the ability of so many gentlemen , infinitely more able than myself to discuss this important 860 question . But feeling that this is a question of vital interest , and the citizens of Bristol having expressed an almost unanimous opinion , by petitioning the House against the measure , I feel that I should be acting an unmanly part , and that I should neither do justice to them nor to myself , were I to content myself with