but as symptoms of what the public opinion must finally become . Has it not almost universally happened that those opinions , particularly upon matters relative to government and policy , which were at first entertained and promulgated by wise , and great , and good men , however contrary to the received notions , have at length completely prevailed , and been adopted even by that class in which they were at first encountered by the most violent and fanatical opposition . And therefore , Sir , I say that it would not only be an unfortunate , but a strange and preposterous thing , if in this instance the ordinary course were to be inverted , and if after that this opinion had gone on for a series of years diffusing itself gradually according to the usual law , its progress should be checked by some new and unexpected cause , and if this edifice which has already been raised to such a height , should suddenly and as it were by magic influence fall down and crumble away , and if the barbarous and half exploded prejudice of the vulgar were to be reared in triumph upon the ruins of all that has been taught us by our philosophers and our statesmen . Some attempt indeed has been made in the course of this debate to deprive the cause of the ornament and support it derives from one of these great names . An hon . gentleman rose upon a former evening chiefly , as I understood , for the purpose of undeceiving the House as to the opinion of Mr. Pitt . Recollecting the sort of hereditary right which that hon . gentleman has to an accurate acquaintance with the character and sentiments of that illustrious person , I confess that when he first announced the object with which he was about to speak , I felt some uneasiness both for the sake of the man and for the sake of the cause . I was half afraid that the hon . gentleman had some fact to relate , or some document to produce , which would force upon me a conviction that Mr. Pitt was a less sincere advocate for Catholic emancipation than during his life-time he had appeared to the world . The hon . gentleman however soon relieved me from my anxiety , and gave me reason to be ashamed of having even for a moment harboured suspicions so derogatory to the character of Mr. Pitt . He had no new facts whatever to produce , and relied entirely upon an unfounded surmise and a hollow argument for changing the opinion of the House as to the 918 known , public , often declared , often recorded sentiments of a person who was so long its most distinguished member . Mr. Pitt , said the hon . gentleman , had no plan , therefore he was not sincere : the hon . gentleman has evidently forgot , or never knew , the view Mr. Pitt took of the question : Mr. Pitt , though a friend to emancipation , though I am persuaded that if he had lived he would have supported , or himself proposed the motion of this night , was also of opinion that an obstacle to the measure existed in the feelings of the King , which during his Majesty 's political life was absolutely insurmountable . I am not now enquiring whether this opinion was well or ill-founded ; but right or wrong , it was the opinion of Mr. Pitt . He was favourable to the principle , but thought that the time was not come at which the principle could be carried into effect . Here then is the reason why he had no plan . A plan implies details , and the details of a measure must depend upon the particular state of things at the moment . It would therefore have been useless , nay worse than useless , for Mr. Pitt to have taken the trouble to form a plan which , according to his own notions , ought not to be put