in the instance which had just occurred . The vote of an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Protheroe ) was tendered under a misapprehension , which the right hon . gentleman had corrected , although by his correction he of course lost a vote , and the minority would have the advantage of an unexpected convert . A right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Rose , ) who had been called the Nestor of the House , had dilated much on the pernicious consequences of the existence of two prices . He could assure the right hon . gentleman that two prices already existed , and that in the city of Bath , at this moment , as he was informed by a letter he had received that day , this distinction openly prevailed , and that in 290 the article of potatoes , a quantity might be purchased for three guineas in gold , that could not be had for less than 4l . 7s . in paper . The right hon . gentleman had talked , too , of the mischief arising from the fluctuation of prices ; but were not prices necessarily subject to fluctuation under all circumstances ? An hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Preston ) had referred to the rise of the value of land , as an example of the increasing prosperity of the country . But was it not obvious that a great part of this rise was purely nominal , and proceeded from the depreciation of the circulating medium , and that it was also to be attributed in a great measure to the demand for land , a more desirable property than the securities of government ? He was strongly inclined to believe , that that hon . and learned gentleman did not , as lawyers were once wont to do , often hear the think of guineas in his outer chambers . He much doubted , indeed , whether in that assembly , many guineas were to be found in the pockets of its members . Where , then , were the guineas to be found ? did they all go to the bakers and brewers ? As to the latter , he could himself give testimony , that one individual had not received one single guinea for several years . With respect to the continued abuse of lord King , and the compassion so pathetically felt and described for the yeomanry of the county , it should be recollected , that the yeomanry , instead of suffering , gained by the change of the value of money , and at the expence of the landlord . In the case , too , of lord King , it happened , that the person against whom he proceeded , was not a simple farmer , but a Bank Director . He had no doubt , that many would have followed lord King 's example , had it succeeded , who have since clamorously joined in the outcry raised so unjustly and absurdly against that distinguished person . As to the practice of selling guineas , it notoriously prevailed every where , and the apprehension , therefore , of the right hon . gentleman on the other side , was wholly unnecessary . Thus , then , the guineas did not , reach the destination projected for them by the author of this Bill . Did they go to the army abroad ? —far from it , for that army was experiencing every kind of inconvenience for the want of them . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in his opinion , had had the guineas offered to him at a very reasonable price. ! Were he a young member , or unaccus- 291 tomed to the ordinary course of votes in that House , he should be astonished at the proceeding , which he had no doubt , would that night , be adopted . But notwithstanding all they might vote , or all they might resolve , guineas would be clandestinely bought and sold , gold would find its level , and property