. The alteration which he was sure could not meet with the disapprobation of the opponents of the measure , was to this effect : That the House would take measures for restoring to the Catholics the privileges of the constitution , subject , however , to certain exceptions , and under such regulations as might be deemed necessary to support the Protestant establishment in church and state . This was a suggestion proposed by a right hon . gentleman , with whom , in principle , he completely agreed : and he did most willingly comply with it , not as any dereliction of the principle , but as a modification of the terms in which it was conceived . With regard to the church of Scotland and the people of that communion , they seemed to be perfectly acquiescent in the wisdom of parliament on this question . It was of great importance to his motion that he could say that the Presbytery of Scotland were not hostile to the measure of concession and conciliation . The Presbytery of Edinburgh were , indeed , against the Catholics , but that of Glasgow was favourable ; and he might conclude from their not having petitioned , that the great body of the church of Scotland was friendly to the Catholic cause . Nor could it be maintained , that the church of England , generally speaking , was against the principle , though many of its members had been more active in opposing the measure , than the Scottish clergy had been ; and though it might be granted that many of the clergy were not placable , yet it did not follow as a truth 1198 that the people of England were in general hostile to the communication of their own privileges to the people of Ireland . The opposition to the Catholic claims was respectable : but at the same time they had received great and efficient support . Notwithstanding the opposition , to which he would not deny the name of respectable , how were we warranted to say , that the people of England were against the motion , when so few great public bodies had expressed their opinion ? If such was the case with the people of England , sure he was that the great body of the Protestants in Ireland were still less unfavourable . The most respectable of the petitions from that part of the empire also were not founded on the principle of opposition , but on the principle of security to existing establishments . He had no doubt , in short , that the weight of Ireland , both in point of property and respectability , was decidedly in favour of the Catholics . But supposing that the sense of the nation was divided on the subject , this furnished , in his mind , a decisive argument for finishing the controversy by the wisdom of parliament : if they found the country in a dispute , it was their duty to terminate it as soon as possible . The truth was , that too many at present of those who enjoyed the privileges of the constitution , founded their arguments for exclusion on topics which affronted and insulted those who were out of this constitution ; the controversy , therefore , must proceed to mischief , unless the wisdom of parliament interfered . He was convinced that many people in England , who signed these Anti-catholic petitions , did not understand the ultimate object to which they led ; but were influenced by misconceptions and prejudices . If , for instance , they were asked , in plain terms , whether they believed the Catholics were enemies to liberty , and disaffected to government ? he had little doubt they would answer in the negative ; but , one opposition naturally begot another , and at length , by the mutual warmth of controversy , it might become a question , whether one fifth of the population was well affected to the government or not . There was no saying where such disputes might end . He regretted