indifferent about it . The fallacy of that opinion has been made apparent from those meetings , for by their resolutions it has become obvious , that all ranks of the Roman Catholics , from the highest to the lowest , are equally desirous of obtaining what they term emancipation . But , Sir , these were not the only consequences ; the Protestants of Ireland finding that the Catholics were awakened to their own interests throughout every corner of the island , became disposed to consider the subject more deeply and more seriously than they had done before , and the consequence has been , that many of them , who '' before were of opinion that the application of the Catholics for the removal of disabilities was a mere stalking horse for seditious purposes , begun to see the question in a very different point of view . I am not alluding , Sir , to the county of Fermanagh , or others where the Protestant ? inhabitants had made up their minds , that under no circumstances would it be proper to grant any further concessions to the Catholics ; but I allude to the county which I have the honour to represent , and many others in which I know that some time ago Catholic emancipation was considered merely as a watch word for those who wished to disturb the public tranquillity . But what is the language which , they now hold ? Do they ask you not to comply with the wishes of the Catholics ? No ! all they ask of you is to take care that in what you do grant , the established constitution in church and state is not injured . Sir , I am ready to admit that in some of the petitions of the Catholics some strange and intemperate language has been used : I regret it very much , and have as much reason personally as any man to object to it . I wish different language had been adopted , but the intemperance of some ought not to be visited upon the moderate and the innocent , and it ought to be recollected that it is natural for men who think that they are debarred of their rights , and that they are pushed to an extremity , to express themselves with warmth and even with intemperance . But , however blameable the language of some of the Catholics may have been , still this 893 consequence has ensued from their repeated and numerous meetings : they have had an opportunity of speaking their sentiments , and the opinion of the whole of that body is now perfectly well known . Sir , it is impossible for a moment to entertain a doubt but that the Resolution which the House of Commons came to at the close of the last session of parliament must have excited the hopes and expectations of the Roman Catholics to a very considerable degree , and their disappointment will be great indeed , if they find that you not only will not grant what they ask , but that you will not even go into a committee to consider of their claims . After twelve years struggling to obtain the support of a cabinet , united against them , they at last found a cabinet divided upon the subject , and also a material change in the disposition of parliament . What was the consequence ? Why , that numbers of the Protestants of Ireland , as I have already stated , changed their opinion also , and consented to the grant of the Catholic claims under securities sufficient to protect the establishments . The first time that the Catholic question was brought before this House last year , my noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) stated , that the cabinet were then unanimous in their opinion that under the existing circumstances the claims of the Catholics could not be complied with , and upon that occasion the majority of parliament were with ministers . But what was the case when towards the close of the session my right hon .