his high office the bankruptcy cases , which took up so much of his time . Nor was the idea so novel as some gentlemen had affected to represent it . The bankrupt causes , of which it had been proposed to strip the Chancellor , had been said , on the other side of the House , to be essential to his office . These causes , were , however , a modern excrescence on the office . After the first statute concerning bankrupts in the time of Henry 8 , bankrupt causes were subjected to three commissioners on their present footing , in the time of queen Elizabeth.—These commissioners were at first supposed to determine bankrupt causes without appeal , and consequently there was no appeal until the time of Lord Chancellor Nottingham . Lord Chancellor Nottingham hesitated for some time to entertain jurisdiction in the case , and stated as a reason , the possibility of the inconveniences which have since arisen . He at last consented , and was the first to exercise this jurisdiction ; but during the time of lord Talbot , lord King , and lord Macclesfield , there were so few interferences of this kind that there were not 20 before the time of lord Hardwicke , when a great increase took place in consequence of the statute 5 George 2 . It was from this period that bankrupt causes came exclusively to be brought before the Lord Chancellor , and it could therefore be no innovation to detach from that office , that which had never been entailed upon it by statute . The only reasonable objection was , that these causes were too important to be heard without appeal . But it was proposed to give in the Committee the power of hearing these causes without appeal to the Vice-Chancellor . With regard to the emolument , in his opinion the Vice-Chancellor 's proposed salary of 4,000l . was quite an inadequate recompence to any lawyer of great talents to induce him to leave the bar ; and it was strange also that this officer , who was to take precedence of the Master of the Rolls , of the Chief Justice of Common Pleas , and of the Chief Baron of the Exchequer , should be placed in so degraded a situation . As to the Master of the Rolls , if the salary of that office was small , it must be collected that it arose only from the disinterestedness of the judge , who filled that station at present , as he had refused an increase of salary when it was granted to 541 the other judges , alleging the increased , fees of his court ; but this would ) not be the case with the new law officer they were called upon to create , as all the fees of Chancery were to belong , as formerly , to the Lord Chancellor . He was however anxious to hear the amendments which were intended to be proposed , and which were to make the Bill now under contemplation quite different from what it was in its original state ; he would not in consequence press the motion , nor did he believe it was intended so to do . He wished to hear the improvements which were to be proposed , since the Solicitor General had supported the Bill rather as what it might possibly become , than as what it actually was . If it were necessary to create a new office , it should be a far different one from what was under discussion , and , indeed , a pretty strong censure had been passed on the Bill by a learned serjeant ( Mr. Best ) , who also said he voted for it not as it was but as it might be . Before he sat down he would , however , submit a few more observations to the House . It had been said that the subject had been discussed before ; this , however , he would utterly deny . The Bill had certainly undergone no discussion in the