was merely a question of prudence at the particular lime , and under the particular circumstances ; and he did not see that there was any ground for the apprehensions at one time expressed by his Royal Highness , and the royal dukes . The case of the demise of the sovereign was totally a different matter . That was an event which had been provided for by law ; but he saw no reason for making a fixed provision against the occurrence of such cases as that of the calamity with which his present Majesty was visited . It might be safely left to the discretion of the two Houses of Parliament to provide against such cases as they occurred . There was no necessity , therefore , for entering upon the discussion ; and without a strong necessity the subject ought , in his mind , not to be agitated . The hon . baronet had represented the Regency proceedings as a factious contest for power ; and if such was his opinion why should he wish to revive such angry feelings ? There was another objection to the motion of the hon . baronet . He rather thought that it could not be received by the House , unless it came recommended by the crown . If any such measure was thought necessary or proper , application might be made to the House by the crown , as had been done in cases of a similar nature by other sovereigns . In its present state it would be improper to entertain it . He was sorry that he had been led to say even this much on the subject , as he was anxious to avoid all discussions respecting it . These were his reasons for opposing the motion . It did not come recommended by the crown , 718 and he saw no necessity for agitating the question ; but there were , on the contrary , in his opinion , many very solid reasons for avoiding all discussion on the subject . was desirous of stating his reasons for supporting the motion of the hon . baronet ; but in doing so , he would carefully avoid the introduction of all extraneous matter . He would refrain from all allusion to those circumstances which at present formed the subject of general conversation , nor would he say any thing as to the party views which had been displayed , as was alleged , in the former discussions on this subject . The right hon . gentleman had assigned as his reasons for opposing the motion : first , that it did not come recommended by the crown : second , that there was no necessity for it ; and that the House ought to wait the arrival of a case of necessity before they agitated the question . On these points he differed entirely from the right hon . gentleman ; for he could not believe that it was essentially necessary to have the recommendation of the crown before the House entered upon the discussion of a question of such vital importance both to the crown and the community ; and he could see but very little wisdom indeed in waiting the arrival of a case of necessity , and taking measures on the spur of the moment , instead of providing for the case upon previous mature deliberation . The right hon . gentleman had stated , that there was no necessity for bringing forward the question at that time . In his opinion , it was a point of great magnitude , and of commanding necessity . What must be the feelings of the person who was to exercise the royal authority ? —what must be the feelings of every one who felt an anxiety that the crown should be supported in its dignity , in looking at the contests of rival parties tearing the powers of the office in pieces ? These matters ought to be provided for by digested plans , in order to prevent the recurrence of such disgraceful scenes , as they had on former occasions witnessed . Such