feel ourselves utterly incompetent to propose or agree to any change in the long established mode of appointing Irish Roman Catholic bishops ; '' and , `` we are firmly convinced that no pledges or securities of more efficient obligation can be devised , than those which we have already given . '' It is needless to quote further passages , in proof of what I assert ; the proceedings of the prelates are probably in the hands of many of those who hear me , and , if the House desires to examine with what moderation and forbearance these claims are prosecuted , they will find it declared , in some of the Petitions , that an offer of any thing less than a total repeal of all disqualifications , would be considered as insulting and degrading ; and in others , that it would even endanger the tranquillity and security of the empire . Is this the tone , in which those who suffer would humbly ask for protection , as the right hon . mover terms it , or can we think of treating with men upon terms and conditions , who put themselves into the posture of requiring rights ? This doctrine of right , I regret to observe , not only in the 790 inconsiderate declarations of numerous meetings , nor confined to the sister kingdom , but propagated and disseminated here , as a prominent instance of the oppression and persecution to which the English Roman Catholics are subjected , in the publication of a learned person , of a profession , which might have led him to know something more of the principles of legislation , and of the difference between religious toleration and civil power . ( Loud cries of Hear , hear ! ) I am not sorry to hear these cheers , but I should be more pleased to find any member who would venture to embody these clamours into argument , and to assert the claim of right , in the latitude which is given to it either by the petitioners , or in the pamphlet of Mr. Butler , It would be indecorous to suppose that any member of this . House can be so little informed of the fundamental maxims , upon which all states are constituted , as to be ignorant that a principle of self-preservation is among their primary rights , as well as duties : that the justice of excluding and prohibiting whatever might endanger or destroy the state , is a natural consequence of this right of preservation ; and that every well constituted government , under whatever form , has always exercised a choice and discretion in selecting those , who should hold offices and employments , fixing upon birth , or property , or rank belonging to some privileged order , or upon some other arbitrary qualification , to the exclusion of all that more numerous class of citizens , who are not possessed of it . We have by law a Protestant king upon the throne , and a Protestant establishment for our church ; and shall we be denied the right of enacting such laws as are conformable and necessary to the security of both ? Or ought we to be deemed oppressive and intolerant , when we require to be convinced , by reasoning and sound argument , before we surrender those which have been heretofore enacted ? It is undoubtedly of the essence of free states to impose as little of restraint , upon the actions of those who lire under them , as is consistent with public and private safety , tranquillity , and property : liberty of conscience , and the exercise of different modes of worship , naturally emanate from the same spirit of freedom ; but it is easy to imagine cases , or to quote examples from history , in which religious tenets , tending to overt acts , by which the state , or individuals might be endangered , could 791 not be permitted nor countenanced . Wherever communication , purely spiritual , is really carried on between man and his