Papal power , the extinction of all adverse pretensions to the crown of these realms in every adherent to that power , and the incorporation of the Irish with the British parliament , all reasonable grounds for 426 continuing such restrictions on our Roman Catholic brethren are effectually removed ; restrictions which , if suffered to remain in the present condition of things , can have no other effect than to generate that very discontent and disaffection against which , if such dispositions really existed , they would form a most ineffectual guard ; and that the petitioners do most humbly , but earnestly , beseech the House to take the claims of this very numerous class of our fellow citizens into their immediate consideration , and , by the the entire abolition of such disqualifications , to begin the great work of uniting all classes of his Majesty 's subjects , of whatever religious denomination , in one common and indissoluble bond of interest and sympathy , an object eminently desirable even in the most peaceable and prosperous times , but which in the present awful crisis can not , the petitioners humbly conceive , be purchased by too large a sacrifice of prejudice and error . '' said , that the Petition was signed by six names , courtmen of Ipswich . The whole number of these courtmen was twelve , two of whom were disqualified from taking a part on the subject . Of the remaining ten , six had signed this Petition , which , from the liberality of the sentiments expressed in it , he was proud to present . asked , whether the hon . Secretary for Ireland meant to bring forward to-morrow the measure , of which notice had been given , to prohibit the exportation of Starch from Ireland ? the answer to which question would determine , whether he should bring forward some resolutions concerning the Act of Union with Ireland , which he conceived would be violated by that measure . having answered in the affirmative , said , that by an article in the act alluded to , it was enacted , that after the first day of January , 1801 , all bounties on , and prohibitions of , any exports from one of the United Kingdoms to the other , should cease and determine . This solemn agreement between the two countries , he contended , should not be departed from on account of any temporary expedients . If it were once departed from , how could the people of Ireland , who only returned one-sixth of the members of that House , be secure against any encroachments ? In proposing what he had to propose , he was actuated by no other wish than that of preserving harmony between the two kingdoms ; but he felt that the only means of preserving harmony 432 would be to mete out equal justice between them . Because it was found convenient to prohibit the manufacture of an article in England , it would follow , according to the principles of the Bill he alluded to , that the exportation of it should be prohibited in Ireland . In the case of the distillery prohibitions , there was a plea set up that there was a dissonance in the different parts of the Act of Union on the subject : in this case , however , no such reason could be adduced . He did not conceive that the hon . Secretary had any deliberate intention of violating the Act of Union , but that the measure proposed was a violation of a main article of it , was evident . The commercial advantages which Ireland possessed , she was entitled to as a right , as she had in return given up her independent legislature . If the Act of Union was constantly to be violated , it would be better to secure the harmony between the two countries , by restoring to Ireland an independent legislature.—To prevent the unhappy consequences which would result from the infractions of the Act in question , he should propose two Resolutions