what he paid for bills to remit to the continent ; what premium he gave for such bills ; what a hundred pounds cost the country , when remitted to the continent ? [ The Chancellor of the Exchequer signified his intention not to answer the question . ] The right hon . gentleman repeated his question . He professed to be uninformed on the subject . He had never heard of any similar refusal . He plainly saw that the right hon . gentleman would not give time to new members to acquire information on the subject , but that he was determined to cram his obnoxious Bill down the throat of the House . Such conduct he considered as indecent and improper , and should therefore support the Amendment of his hon . friend . rose principally in consequence of an allusion made by the right hon . gentleman who spoke last to the insufficient issue of tokens by the Bank of England . It was true that the company had deemed it expedient to discontinue the issue of tokens to a certain extent to private bankers , from a fear that the supply would not be adequate to the demand : large as the sum might appear , it could be proved by incontrovertible testimony , that within the last fifteen months no less than nearly two millions sterling had been delivered from the Bank in tokens of 3s . and 1s . 6d . No opportunity had been lost of promoting their circulation , but its extent 233 must of course be governed by the amount of the importations . With regard to the issue of bank paper , he hoped that the House would believe him when he asserted , that as late as yesterday evening , it did not exceed twenty-two millions and a half . In July or August 1810 , it would be remembered that the number of notes in circulation was about twenty-five millions sterling ; but this , excess was occasioned by the failure of two large houses in London , which produced a considerable sensation in the country . Bankers in the various principal towns then made demands upon the Bank , to ensure themselves against the consequences of a run upon their firms ; but within six months the greater part of three millions was returned to the Bank of England , without having been employed . It could not , therefore , with justice , be said , that the issue of bank-notes at this time was excessive , or that the high price of bullion had been occasioned by it . One hon . gentleman had contended , that the Bank indiscriminately discounted commercial paper by its notes . This assertion was by no means correct , as it was established by evidence before the House ; the issue for this purpose was always much below the demand . The hon . gentleman then adverted to the evil consequences that would result to the country if this Bill were not passed ; and disclaimed on the part of the Bank of England any desire to have their notes maintained by parliamentary authority , since the confidence reposed in the company by the country at large was fully adequate to their support . as a member of the Bullion Committee , whose conduct and report had been so severely stigmatized , felt it necessary to say a few words in defence of that body . It ought to have been recollected by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer that at the time the committee recommended to the House that the Bank should be compelled to renew cash payments in two years , the country was by no means in the situation in which it was now placed . Our commodities were not then excluded from the continent by that regular system which at present prevailed , and the balance of trade consequently on all articles was not so much against us . The main question with regard to the Bill now under consideration was , whether the issue of bank paper did or did