supply of those wants . It was in consequence of these wants , that the Commercial Company of Waterford applied some time since to the Irish government , soliciting either an adequate supply of silver , or liberty to issue tokens themselves for the accommodation of business ; but the application was unsuccessful , although he could assure the House that the distress occasioned , and especially among the poor peasantry , by the scarcity of silver , was most severe . Indeed , the peasant who brought his bacon or other articles to Waterford , was obliged to return home with a check as payment , and which he was but too likely to lose , or obliged perhaps to go to market again to get his check changed . Thus were these poor people , to whom any government should look with peculiar solicitude , exposed to serious inconvenience . But he hoped that his Majesty 's government would take their case into consideration , and contrive to relieve their distress . repeated the intention of government to send to Ireland as large a supply of bullion as possible ; sufficient he hoped to remedy the grievance complained of . But if that supply should be insufficient , it would be open to his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer , to bring forward the measure he had mentioned upon the subject of Local Tokens . asked upon what ground the Chancellor of the Exchequer calculated upon such an increased supply of bullion by the period he had proposed to insert in the Bill , and whether he had any plan for keeping his new tokens , when issued , in circulation ? Was the right hon . gentleman aware how much of 1,700,000l . in tokens already issued by the Bank , remained in circulation , or had been withdrawn and melted down ? He understood that a considerable quantity of tokens had been melted , and if such had been the fate of the Bank tokens already issued , what security could the right hon . gentleman present that the new issue would not meet the same fate if they were equal in intrinsic value ? Then if the Bank tokens were likely to be thus withdrawn from circulation , the local tokens would still be necessary , and must be tolerated , if public accommodation were suited . , in reply to the observations of the noble lord , stated , that there was one simple fact upon which he grounded the calculations adverted to by the noble lord , namely , that the exchange had advanced 15 per cent . in our favour ; and it was unnecessary to describe the consequence of such advance upon our supply , and the price of bullion . Care would , of course , be taken that the value of any tokens issued by the Bank , should keep pace with the market price of silver , and for such equality the public had no guarantee upon the mass of Local Tokens . As to the tokens already issued by the Bank , he believed the noble lord was misled respecting the number withdrawn from circulation . But any that had been withdrawn were most likely to return to circulation , when the new issue of Bank tokens should take place , and the competition of Local Tokens should be withdrawn . thought , that if the right hon . gentleman had no other reason to hope for an issue of silver , than the improvement of the exchange , the hope was a frail one . said , he did not see any great inconvenience result from the Local Tokens , they were so inferior to the coin of the realm , that they were limited in circulation , and as soon as the Bank should issue silver to any great amount they would fall of themselves . thought the 5th of July an inconvenient time , as in all probability the House would not then be sitting , and great inconvenience would ensue from withdrawing the Local Tokens , in case