. It afforded an opportunity of keeping at the constant disposal of parliament the means of funding a large sum , to the extent , if required , of 100 millions or more , as a resource eventually to be applied in case of the renewal of hostilities . This was such a treasure as had never been possessed either by this country , or by any other ; and could not fail to impress upon every foreign power , a just sense of the value of the friendship of this country , and of the danger of provoking its hostility . With respect to any constitutional jealousy which might be naturally excited on the first mention of such a fund , it should be recollected that it in no way freed the crown from the control of parliament ; that it was a treasure strictly parliamentary , and which could only be touched by the authority of the legislature . He wished only to add one word with regard to the anxiety expressed by the right hon . gentleman for the consolidated fund . He begged to assure him that the effect of the proposed plan could only be 1101 to strengthen the consolidated fund and not to impair it . He felt as strongly impressed as the right hon . gentleman with the importance of supporting the consolidated fund ; and he appealed to him whether he had not , in measures in which he had been engaged , proved his anxiety on this subject more strongly than the right hon . gentleman himself ever had an opportunity of doing . did not think it possible to go at all into argument on this subject , with the imperfect information which was then before the House . But the mere stating of the case comprised circumstances which shocked persons who were anxious for the firm state of public credit , and for the fair situation of the finances of the country . They could not hear those circumstances stated , without expressing regret and surprise . He felt considerable alarm at the progress this plan was likely to make ; at the same time he must observe on the subject of interfering with the Sinking Fund , that a period might come , when it would be necessary to interfere with it , even if the new system had not been introduced . The circumstance of the Sinking Fund letting loose twenty millions at once , at the disposal of government , rendered some regulation on the subject necessary ; but there was a great difference between that regulation which went to strengthen the fund , and that which would have the effect of weakening it . In making any alteration , they must necessarily look to the state of Europe and of the world at the time the alteration was proposed . They must consider whether their finances had been productive in that year , or whether the national expenditure had been diminished . They must examine , whether , for a year or two , the expenditure had not been greatly increased , and whether , in addition to this , they did not find , from the price of the public funds , that there was a difficulty in raising the supplies , by way of loan , in preference to taxes . Perhaps , on a review of these circumstances , they might consider the present an unfavourable period for touching the Sinking Fund at all . He thought it was desirable that the public should be apprised of the nature of the plan ; its discussion , in his opinion , could create no immediate effect on public credit . What the measure itself would produce in two or three years , was another thing . As it was intended that , in the present year , taxes to the amount of 870,000l . should be ap- 1102 propriated to the Sinking Fund , it would , of course , be rather increased than diminished . Setting aside the complicated statement of figures , the real difference consisted in the variation between the