construction of the Order ; for , if there were no act of parliament , it would be giving them a more durable situation than if they possessed merely temporary rank . But the House must be aware , as well as those who framed the Order , and those to whom it was addressed , that it was so construed with reference to the act of parliament , by which the German Legion was embodied and retained in the service . The Order now in question implied nothing contrary to the law ; neither did it apply to all the officers in the German Legion , but only to those of superior rank . It was by no means correct to say , that all the officers in our foreign corps had only temporary rank . Such as were appointed in the commencement were certainly in that predicament ; but as vacancies occurred they were filled up by persons upon whom permanent rank was conferred , and who were placed in every respect on a footing with their brother officers.—Many of our foreign corps were in fact brought into service , complete established corps . The Germans however were not so , but the officers and privates were for the most part individuals who had been in the Hanoverian service , and it was deemed necessary that they should be united—it was considered , however , equally necessary that the officers should hold the same regimental rank in the new corps , which they held previously when in the German service . But the analogy of our service had been preserved : the first officers had only temporary rank : but the whole of the corps were not serving with temporary 256 rank . The noble lord , however , seemed to think , that all the officers of the German Legion possessed only temporary rank at the time the Order was issued ; but if he looked to the Army List , he would see that not merely in the German Legion , but in all the foreign corps , though the generals and colonels had only temporary rank , yet all those officers who had been promoted as vacancies arose , were appointed with the ordinary rank of the army—so that it must at once be seen that this Order did not apply to all ranks , but to those who , having perhaps had an opportunity of being more particularly useful to the service , were selected as worthy of extraordinary approbation . If the noble lord asked , as it was a fair question and the drift of his argument went that way , whether , these foreign officers acting under laws which declared their services of a temporar nature , it was intended that they should possess rank longer than the law specified ? To this he must answer , certainly not ; and , as he said before , the Order must be construed with reference to the act . What did the act do ? It authorised the king to grant commissions and letters of service to foreigners ; and did not say , that they should be different from those held by British officers . The law authorised commissions to be generally granted—and whether they were called temporary or permanent , they must be guided ultimately by the act of parliament . With this reference it would be seen that the existence of their commissions would cease with that of the corps to which they belonged . Neither did the Order entitle them to half-pay ; nor did it interfere in the least degree with the interests of the British officers in our service . The act under which the German Legion was organised directed that when German officers should serve along with British , that officer should take the precedency whose commission was of the oldest date , but in no degree did it tend to violate the law , because it gave German officers no one advantage ' in rank , promotion , or duration of service . Then it might be asked , what would be the effect