around me , on this night , and which , I trust , we shall carry with us , into the committee . The objectors , Sir , to the present motion , may be divided into three classes . The first are those who , having concurred in the vote which I had the honour to propose last session , find , in circumstances which have since occurred , reasons for changing their opinion . The second and third classes comprize all those who either not having been parties to the vote of last session , or having opposed it , are equally at liberty to decide on the present question , according to their own judgment , and the difference between these two classes is this , that the objections of some rest on circumstances , which are transitory and temporary in their nature ; while others can not conceive any time or any circumstances , which could remove their difficulties , or soften their hostility to the Catholics , or make any change in the aspect and policy of the question . With respect to the first class , or , I should rather say , with respect to him , who constitutes that class by himself—for my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) has yet had no followers ; he stands , as Cowley says of Pindar , `` a phœnix , '' `` a vast species alone . '' With respect to him , Sir , ( for whose opinions , both when they differ from my own , and , I need hardly add , when they agree with my own , I feel the most unfeigned respect ) the main objection which he feels to going into the committee , is founded on an apprehension that its result will be wholly unsatisfactory ; that it will disappoint the sanguine hopes of the Catholics , and will equally fail in realizing the just expectations of the Protestants . He says , that the conduct of the Catholics , since the last session of parliament , has been full of turbulence and audacity ; he says , that an alarm and inquietude pervades the Protestant community ; and that the two parties are so far asunder , as to make any attempt to approximate them altogether hopeless : and he is of opinion , therefore , that , instead of persevering in the course chalked out by the last House of Commons , we can not too soon put an end to any expectation of an interference on the part of parliament 1046 in a work so unpromising of advantage . My hon . friend well knows , and has correctly and candidly allowed that , with my view of the matter , I might admit his premises , both as to the conduct of the Catholics , and as to the state of the Protestant mind , and still contend that they are not conclusive against the proposition , upon which the House is to decide . I might admit , that the Catholics are in a state of ferment and agitation ; and that the Protestant mind is anxious , and irritated in a high degree ; I might admit , that these feelings of the Protestants are not less just than they are strong ; and that the conduct of the Catholics has been such as their enemies must rejoice at , ( if indeed their worst enemies be not those who have produced it ) , and as their friends must lament , though they will not immediately desert them , on account of it : but when I had admitted all this ; when I had described this state of things in as dark colours as my hon . friend could supply ; when I had exhausted all the figures of speech in expatiating upon its deplorable nature , and dangerous consequences , I should then have to ask ray hon . friend , `` Is this a state of things which you wish to continue ? or is it not rather one for which it is the duty