occur , and such a vote to be extorted from that House , I trust that there would still be found , in the other House of Parliament , in a Protestant sovereign , and , above all , in the indignant feeling of a betrayed people , barriers , amply sufficient , to pro- 975 tect the Protestant establishments of the empire , from profanation by such sacrilegious hands . I do not think , then , that a case of danger has been sufficiently made out ; but if I think there is no real danger in the removal of these disabilities , accompanied by such other `` corresponding regulations as the House may ultimately adopt , I do think there is both inconvenience and danger in the continuance of the present anomalous state of things . We have gone too far to stop where we are ; if it had been intended , for ever , to debar the Catholics from any share in the honours of the constitution , they have been too largely admitted to its civil privileges ; it is not in human nature to be satisfied , when so near the attainment of its wishes . We can not , under these circumstances , hope to derive those advantages from the Catholics , as members of the community , which otherwise we might expect . We have , in the bosom of the empire , a large mass , considerable by its numbers , by property , by rank , by talent , and activity , but separate in its feelings , distinct in its interests , circumscribed and cut off from the rest of the community , by an impassable line of demarcation . Is this a desirable state of things ? can we be said to have , at our command , the full natural resources of the united empire ? I do not mean to palliate or defend the conduct of the Catholics ; it has been most reprehensible . To their own violence and intemperance they may ascribe many of the difficulties which they still have to encounter . But is the course , which has been so long pursued , with regard to them , wise and beneficial for the country ? that is the real question for the House to consider . Is it wise , for instance , to say to any set of men , that they may enter , it is true , the army and the navy ; but , whatever may be the bravery and talents they may display , however brilliant the achievements they may perform , they must remain in the inferior ranks of the service ? Can we hope , from such men , the full stretch of exertion to which , by proper incentives , they might be led ? Is it wise again to admit men to the profession of the law and forbid them to aspire to its honours ? Might not the knowledge and habits of business , so acquired , sometimes be perverted to mischievous purposes ? might not the activity or ambition , which is cherished in one direction , break out in another ? If men feel 976 that they can not hope to rise to professional honours , may they not be tempted to gratify their love of distinction by becoming the leaders of a faction ? I do not say that such things would , but undoubtedly they might be . Is it wise to say to men of rank and property , who , from old lineage or present possessions have a deep interest in the common weal , that they live indeed in a country where , by the blessings of a free constitution , it is possible for any man , themselves only excepted , by the honest exertions of talents and industry , in the avocations of political life , to make him-self honoured and respected by his countrymen , and to render good service , to the slate ; that they alone can never be permitted to enter this career ? That they may indeed