of this body which he was not permitted to command . rose and read the Resolution on the subject of Catholic emancipation , which proposed security to the Protestant religion ; but the present measure , he said , contained no security whatever . It was the same scheme as that of James the 2d , and therefore the necessary consequence of passing this Bill would be , that that king and his family were driven unjustly from the throne . The Roman Catholic religion was unchangeable : their enmity to the Protestant establishment was the same that it ever was ; and the only question to be considered was , whether you would bestow civil privileges and political power on your eternal and inveterate foe . The doctrines laid down in their decrees and councils were really dreadful . To prove this , the right hon . gentleman went into numerous documents , and read copiously from their oaths , and the decisions of various councils unrepealed , which tended to shew their entire dependence upon the Pope , and that they were not bound ' to keep faith with heretics . The spiritual supremacy of the Roman see , he 1242 argued , brought with it temporal power . There were , he well knew , persons in that House who did not like to hear the true Catholic doctrines . The council of Constance had decreed that no oath was binding which was contrary to the interest of the church . Any oath to a Protestant king was consequently void . No one would be hardy enough to assert , that spiritual power did not bring along with it temporal power . But the Catholic religion was at this moment in a peculiar situation . It was no longer the Roman Catholic religion , but the Parisian Catholic religion , and Buonaparté , our mortal enemy , would , if this measure were consented to , have the power of carrying into effect all his villainous designs against this country , by means of a vassal pope . He next noticed the petitions ; and stated , that the signatures to those from Protestants in Ireland , in favour of concession , amounted to only 4,000 , while those against it were above 100,000 most respectable names . This circumstance , with the petitions from England , signed by more than 300,000 persons , evidently shewed the feelings of the people on the subject . One half of the petitions on the table were directed against all concession to the Catholics . [ Cries of No ! no ! no ! ] `` Yes , yes , yes , ( said the right hon . doctor ) I can prove my words . '' He then proceeded to descant on the formal security talked of for the established church ; but contended , that from the nature of the Catholic religion , and their professed disregard of all faith with heretics , no such security could be obtained . They themselves refused to give it . They had repeatedly declared , that they would receive emancipation as no partial boon , nor would they submit to any conditions whatever . How , then , could we conciliate these people ? If a man was to come into your house , and threaten to destroy you with fire and sword , could you be expected to receive him with the same complaisance as your dearest friend ? Let gentlemen look to the statutes they were called on to repeal . He asserted the measure proposed to be a fundamental overthrow of the constitution , doing away with the Test and Corporation Acts , and violating the coronation oath , as well as the acts of Union between England and Scotland , and Great Britain and Ireland , This Bill would subvert the constitution to its very foundation . Would any man say , that the crown could be absolved from its oath ? 1243 His present Majesty thought otherwise , and every reasonable and conscientious man would think otherwise . An act of parliament , indeed , was