a view to your own interests , we will help you as far as we may be able ; but depend not on our direct and immediate aid . Our principal efforts must be made in the peninsula , and in making them there we shall do more towards your assistance than by any pecuniary or military support that we should be able to afford you . '' That , I take , Sir , to have been the language held to Russia ; and it was wise language . Having held it , it behoved us to strain every nerve in the peninsula , to make good the expectations which we had raised . 67 While , therefore , I cordially join in every word of the Address which congratulates his Royal Highness on the splendid exploits of our army in the peninsula , and of their gallant and immortal leader , if I am called upon to declare that the result of those brilliant exploits , such as we now see it , has satisfied the hope and expectations of the country , I must beg leave expressly to guard myself against being supposed to concur in that interpretation of the Address . Do I , therefore , count the victory of Salamanca as nothing , even if its consequences terminated on the plains upon which it was fought ? Certainly not . I , who held up the barren laurels , ( as they were often described ) , of Talavera , to the admiration of the country , can hardly be suspected of a disposition to withhold my applause from the splendid achievement of Salamanca , even had no result proceeded from it but the acquisition of national glory . But , Sir , I am compelled to compare the hopes which the victory of Salamanca inspired , with the situation of our affairs in the peninsula presented to us at the opening of the present session . It is impossible for any man not in an official situation , actually to demonstrate that we could have made greater efforts in the peninsular war , or , if we had made greater efforts , that they would have been successful . On a former occasion—an occasion which occurred not in this House , but in the course of transactions which took place last year , and which became matter of publicity—I mean , Sir , during the negociations last year for the formation of a new administration , I studiously and explicitly declined giving a decided opinion myself , or concurring in an opinion given by others , ( with whom in most points of public moment I did concur ) , that the scale of the war in the peninsula had not been as great as our means might enable us to make it . I had not then the materials for forming a confident , much less a criminatory judgment upon that point . I have not those materials now . It would require a detailed knowledge of the state of the military , and the pecuniary means of the country , which , out of office , and without any official information as yet laid before parliament , I do not pretend to possess . But this information must be laid before us . And in the mean time I can not hesitate to allow , that the primâ facie case of such successes , terminating in such a retreat , does call for explanation . 68 I can not hesitate to say , that if there be in the power of ministers any means yet untried—any effort yet unattempted—any resources yet unexplored—any accumulation of force yet omitted—any increase of energy yet delayed—not only such additional exertion ought to be immediately made , but that it ought to have been made long ago . If a reinforcement can be sent out now , it is for ministers to prove that it could not have been sent out before . If any measure can now be adopted by which the disposable force of the country may be augmented , the burden is on ministers