to expect my unremitting hostility . Cease to be Catholics , and I am your friend . Pope says of Atossa , that she —— '' hates you while you live , `` But die , and shell adore you . '' such or something like it , would be my right hon . friend 's posthumous toleration of a religion which had ceased to exist . My right hon . friend was followed by a right hon . and learned baronet ( sir J. Stewart , ) formerly in a distinguished legal situation in Ireland . That right hon . and learned gentleman , so far as I was enabled to collect the tendency of his speech , after balancing some time the arguments in favour of concession , with those for resistance to the Catholic claims , decided , in the end , for continued resistance , on the ground that nothing could be done by parliament , until you were previously assured of the good and peaceable disposition of the Catholics . Where is the agreement , he asked , between the right hon . mover of this question and the Catholic body ? Where the assurance that the conditions , which it may be thought right to annex to any boon , which parliament may be disposed to grant , will be complied with ? The answer to this argument surely has been given so often , that it is hardly necessary to repeat it . An arrangement must begin somewhere . Will you nut rather begin on that side which has authority to grant , and to en- 1050 force the conditions of its grant , if necessary , than with that which , being composed of persons not competent to bind each other , has no legitimate organ through which its collective sense can be spoken , or by which any engagement can be taken , in its behalf ? Let parliament enact , and the Catholics must obey ; but to call upon any portion of the Catholic body to answer for the rest beforehand , as to what points they will be willing to compromise , is plainly and wilfully to lead them into a difficulty , I do not say with the hope , but I must say with the almost certainty of their not being able to extricate themselves from it . How is the Catholic will to be collected ? By a general meeting ? Physically impossible . By delegated representation ? —That you have , and properly , put down . You have no resource , therefore , but to legislate for them : and the perpetual recurrence to the question , what will the Catholics agree to ? appears to me scarcely more unjustifiable , as applied to the Catholics , than mistaken as applied to the practice of the constitution . From this topic the right hon . gentleman diverged into a history of the penal laws against the Catholics in Ireland , not without some occasional expressions which might , by an uncandid hearer , have been interpreted , if not as conveying an approbation of these laws , at least as suggesting an apology for them . Among other points , the familiar assertion , that they are coeval with the Revolution , was not forgotten ; an assertion certainly not employed by the right hon . gentleman to support the conclusion , that they ought therefore to have been retained in their full vigour , yet as certainly implying and conveying a notion of unwillingness too hastily to part with any portion of them . First , however , this system of laws ( as has often been sufficiently shewn ) was not altogether contemporary with the Revolution . It was the work of four successive reigns . Secondly , laws which were requisite to guard an elected and a childless monarch against a dethroned rival , a rival holding fast the affections of his former Catholic subjects ; and not of his Catholic subjects only ; ( for were there no churchmen Jacobites ? ) laws , I say , which might