right hon . gentleman who spoke last to be calling for explanation , rather than as differing in opinion from those who had preceded him , he ( lord C. ) had waited in the expectation , that if any hon . gentleman on the opposite side had further information to require , that they would state what such information was , and thus enable him at the same time to reply to them , and endeavour to satisfy the right hon . gentleman . It was no small gratification to the country , and to the Prince Regent 's ministers , at this momentous and difficult crisis of the world , to find , on the opening of a new parliament , 79 that the only claim upon them was for an explanation of the general principles of policy by which their future actions were to be regulated , and that there appeared no ground for censure , no cause for complaint , and no source for apprehension or discouragement . It was indeed evident that the prospects of the country were improved , for if this had not been broadly founded in fact , he would this night have had made upon him , demands of a very different nature from those which had been made . The right hon . gentleman had with perfect propriety divided the consideration of the subject before the House into two parts , connected with the external and internal situation of the country , and had applied himself generally to the former . This in itself was another source of gratification to him , and must , he was sure , be equally satisfactory to the House , when they considered the state in which they were placed about the period of the end of the last session of parliament . When they reflected on the condition of some of the counties at that time , they would be inclined to think that his Majesty 's ministers had a very difficult task to perform , and would agree in what had been so ably stated by the noble mover and honourable seconder of the Address , that there was great cause for congratulation in the termination of those difficulties , by the means which parliament had provided—means devised in the spirit of conciliation , although calculated to repress the system of insubordination that then unhappily existed . In the administration of those laws with which they were armed , it was pleasing to him and to his colleagues to observe , that there was no insinuation of an abuse of power ; and it was equally gratifying to him to have to state , that the people themselves by their own good sense and allegiance had retraced their mistaken steps , and that their regeneration had grown more out of their own disposition than out of the efficacy or enforcement of the legislative provisions which had been resorted to . In looking to the larger branch of the question to which the right honourable gentleman had directed his attention—larger as it affected the security and destinies of the world , he must trespass at somewhat greater length upon the patience of the House , in order , not to discuss fully the several important propositions started , but to record What might be the grounds on which ministers would meet 80 these various enquiries , and , if necessary , defend themselves from attack , should they be made matter of accusation . His task in this would have been infinitely narrower if the right hon . gentleman had not built much of the reason for his reserve in cordially agreeing with the Address that had just been moved , on assumptions entirely inapplicable to ministers , and without foundation in point of fact . This the right hon . gentleman had done in the absence of that information which it was impossible for any person not in the administration of the government to possess , but which he would , in so far as was consistent with his public duty , and what he owed to his own and to other