thought this place would be the best at which to disembark ; and then another , till at last the very worst place of all was adopted . He had often heard that it was the greatest trial of a powerful mind , to decide between two conflicting difficulties : he was sure it was the test of a weak mind , to be placed between two advantages , and not know which to choose . The feature of the present case , however , was , that both the advantages were lost , and only this disadvantage gained , that a warlike and lofty province of Spain had been , as far as it was possible such true Spanish patriots could be , alienated from the Spanish cause by the vacillation and indecision of their allies . And what had been the ultimate result of all those proceedings ? They had been told in the Speech , Indeed , that the result was nothing more 30 than the consequence of the concentration of the French armies , as if lord Wellington 's retreat was merely a military manœuvre : and then followed the monstrous proposition , that it was favourable to the interests and resources of the Spanish nation . He hoped some explanation would be given of that assertion ; for it was most injurious both to this country and to Spain . Before he could subscribe to it he must learn to think in direct contradiction to every sentiment he had ever felt , and to every principle he had ever known , either from reading or experience . Had the south of Spain been delivered ? Did the minister mean to say that , in point of fact , the south of Spain was not now under the dominion of France ? He was perfectly satisfied that his noble friend , than whom he knew no man more sincerely honest , had never seen a Spanish army , as it had been his ( the marquis 's ) misfortune to do . If he had , he would have known that the army of Ballasteros was utterly incapable of making any stand against two such armies as those of Soult and Suchet ; and that Ballasteros , instead of resigning his command , would have found the materials of it vanished in an instant , when opposed to the troops of the two French generals already mentioned . In moving from Burgos , lord Wellington found himself pursued by a force much superior to that under his command , and without meaning to make any desponding statements , he would ask , this being the end of the campaign , what real progress had been made towards the great object of the contest ? With regard to what was to be the object of the war in Spain , three schemes had been successively devised ; two were only talked of , and the third was practised . The first was grounded on an idea that it would be imprudent to embark as a principal in the contest , unless some other power , by its co-operation , diverted the forces of France from being all concentrated towards that one point , the subjugation of Spain . From that policy he had always differed upon principle—but this fact was at least deducible from it , that our resources were considered by those who maintained the opinion to be insufficient to carry on the war as principals upon an adequate scale , and that we must therefore await a more favourable opportunity . His view of it had been , that we should engage as principals , and that in order to afford a chance of diversion 31 in other parts of Europe , it was necessary to urge the Spanish war with our utmost vigour and with the greatest effect . The second plan was , that it would be prudent and highly expedient to make exertions upon a large scale , adequate to the destruction of the French power in Spain . Both these plans were different in their principles , and yet both were