a former evening . `` You gave political power before you gave the elective franchise ; because , when you granted the right to acquire property , you gave that , which , in its nature , must produce power . '' And he saw no more danger in permitting a Catholic to sit in that House , than in permitting the nominee of a Catholic calling himself a Protestant . A statement had been made on a former evening , by the hon . member for Corfe Castle ( Mr. Bankes ) that a paper , which he read , was a protest of the present Pope against the full toleration , in religious matters , granted by Buonaparté.—The right hon . baronet said he had taken the trouble of inquiring , of those who were intimately acquainted with subjects of this description , whether that paper was authentic or not ? If it were a fabricated paper , he meant not to charge any part of that forgery either on the hon . gentleman who first introduced it , or on another hon . member , who adverted to it in the course of his speech ; but he did protest most solemnly , that every gentleman to 888 whom he applied on the subject , some of them deeply versed in Roman Catholic affairs , denied all knowledge of such a paper . He did not mean to assert , positively , that the paper did not exist ; but , undoubtedly , when those who would , necessarily , be interested in it , and who had every means of inquiring into the foundation on which it rested—when such persons had not been able to find any vestige of its existence , it must , at least , be looked upon as a very doubtful document . Besides it should be recollected , that they lived in the era of fabrication ! They could not forget , that a notable fabrication of the Third Part of the `` Statement of the Penal Laws affecting the Catholics '' had been disseminated through these islands—and , more even than that , persons who doubted its authenticity were threatened with prosecutions for expressing their sentiments . This fact had been stated , a few evenings since , by a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Huskisson ) , who informed them that a printer , in Chichester , who expressed his opinion of that fabricated work , was threatened with a prosecution for his temerity . But what seemed to him extremely ridiculous , they were told that this fabricated part was so clumsy a production , as ought not to have deceived any person ; and yet they were informed , in the very same breath , that it had produced all the effect which was hoped and expected from it ; and had not only deceived individuals , but whole bodies of men . But what was still more remarkable , the editor of one of our Reviews , a person , who doubtless would feel very much offended , if it were supposed that he could be taken in by a clumsy and ridiculous publication , had absolutely reviewed this Third Part , as if it really came from the Roman Catholics of Ireland . Now , whether it was clumsy or not , it certainly had the effect , which those who framed it had in view ; and , so far , its matter or manner did not defeat the end of its author . He was extremely loth to enter into any controversial discussion of what had passed in former periods in Ireland . It was much better to draw the veil of oblivion over such proceedings . He should , therefore , follow the precept of a right hon . baronet , ( sir J. Stewart ) , and avoid the subject . That right hon . baronet , however , though he had laid down the precept , did not think proper to follow it . And he must say , that , in defending the 889 conduct of the Orange-men