; but merely persons differing from you upon certain matters of doctrine , which , in a political point of view , are utterly unimportant . The same degree of talent , and knowledge , and intercourse , with persons of another religion , which would be necessary in a Catholic in order to enable him to rise to any station in which he would enjoy much influence in the country , are hardly compatible in this enlightened age , with bigotry , fanaticism , and a firm practical belief in the dangerous principles as to civil government which are still supposed to make part of the Romish creed . Besides , a bigoted attachment to these tenets , known 932 to exist in any individual ( and it can hardly be concealed where it does exist ) , would be a most effectual bar to his advancement in an empire where Protestant ascendancy would be secured by a Protestant king , and a vast Protestant majority in the government , in the parliament , and in the people . It would not be a legal , statuteable , and denned , but it would not on that account , be a less just or a less real obstacle . The Catholics themselves would hardly complain of a disadvantage which extended only to a few violent wrongheaded members of their community , and , in practice , those disabilities would be employed with the most salutary effect , to check bigotry , and discourage folly in individuals , which are now most unwisely and most mischievously inflicted upon the whole body , confounding the wise with the foolish , the educated with the ignorant , the loyal with the disaffected , in one indiscriminate sentence of insult and exclusion . A part at least of the alarm which gentlemen feel upon this subject would , I think , subside , if they were more constantly to keep in mind what is the description of Catholics that would principally be affected by the repeal of the restrictive code . It is not the Catholic private soldier , it is the Catholic officer , it is not the Catholic peasant , but it is the Catholic peer , it is not the Catholic constituent , but he that I hope will soon become the Catholic representative , into whom you are to breathe political life by this measure . The soldier , indeed , and the peasant , and the constituent , will be gratified , and elevated by it , and ultimately will derive from it the greatest benefit . But the immediate advantage is to be reaped by the higher orders . It is they that you are called upon to trust with additional power , persons as fit to exercise it as yourselves . Not dupes to an obsolete imposture , not slaves to a foreign hierarchy , but persons in whose minds education and knowledge have obtained a complete victory over fanatical ignorance and barbarous superstition . If any danger still exists from the doctrines maintained by the Catholics upon the subject of papal supremacy , it is a danger which the repeal of the restrictive code is much more likely to remove than to augment . For , in fact , those doctrines are so absurd in themselves , and accord so little with the spirit of the times , and the political state of the world , that nothing 933 but the obstinacy which unjust restraint never fails to engender in the breast of those upon whom it is imposed , can prevent them from falling kilo utter contempt and oblivion . By admitting the Catholics into your state , you will by so much detach them from the political interests of their own church ; suffer them to taste the sweets of civil power , and they will cease to recognize ( if indeed they can still be considered as recognizing ) that ecclesiastical authority that pretends to be superior to it ; let them share equally with yourselves in the favour of their lawful domestic sovereign , and equally with yourselves they will spurn