parliament , for the relief of the Roman Catholics ; for , Sir , it is most necessary and most wise that , whenever we admit the Catholics to the privileges which they claim , we should ensure to the Protestants the unendangered continuance of all the privileges , which are founded on the Act of Settlement . The same measure which gives liberty to the one , should give security to the other . I rise , Sir , to support the Petition which I had the honour to present , from the Catholics of Ireland . I am sure I may say , without fear of contradiction , that this Petition is , generally , from the Catholics of Ireland . It is substantially true , that it conveys the wishes of that whole body . The motion which I mean to make is , that the House will resolve itself into a committee , in pursuance of the Resolution which , at the desire of my right hon . friend , has been read by the Clerk at the table . Sir , I know very well , that a resolution of a former parliament can not bind its successor ; at the same time , I do not conceive that I am guilty of any impropriety in referring to the resolution of a former parliament . I have to lament , and it would be miserable affectation not to acknowledge it , that the petitions against the claims of the Catholics are very numerously and very respectably signed . I have to lament 748 that there are still , in my native country , many individuals , enlightened in other respects , but fallible on the subject of religious distinctions . I have also to lament and condemn the vehement manner in which some of these petitions denounce the Catholics . I will avoid the example ; and in the allusions which I may find it necessary to make to the Protestant petitions , I will speak of those , from whom they have proceeded , with the highest respect . I do respect and love many of them . I dissent partially from their opinions ; but I respect and love them personally . Nay , more , I will consider them , not as present enemies , but as future friends to the Catholics . They live in the same country , they are embarked in the same cause , they have the same battles to fight , against the common enemy , for the common interest . Never can it be my wish to widen the breach between great bodies of men . The particular object of the Catholic petition itself is general concord . Never can I think that any difference in religion must necessarily lead to civil discord . Never can I believe that revelation came down to us a firebrand , to justify parliament in withholding , from a part of the subjects of the realm , their just rights . Sir , I am the more induced to hope that the cause which I have undertaken humbly to advocate will ultimately be successful , because I recollect that , in the Irish parliament of 1792 , some general and strong resolutions were adopted against the claims then made by the Catholics : and that , in the next session , more was actually granted to the Catholics than they had claimed . The understanding of the Irish parliament enlarged with the exigency of the state . I trust that this will be the case with us . With this view to the ultimate success of Catholic emancipation , I beg leave to make a few observations on the Anti-Catholic petitions on your table , using that liberty with the arguments they contain which my cause may require ; but maintaining the greatest respect for the persons who have signed them , and who , I am persuaded , are sincere in that , which I , nevertheless , consider to be a very mistaken view of this important subject . In the first place , Sir , I object