as to America , The details brought to light relative to the condition of our manufacturers , ought to have convinced ministers , that the repeal of the Orders in Council , when it took place , could not have produced a spirit of pacification in America—although twelve months before it might have had that effect . The American government were always hostile , but had not the means of shewing their hostility 48 sooner . But now they displayed their spirit , when our government had put the means in their power ; particularly by the disclosure of the condition of our manufacturers ; for this it was that had given spirit to America . Had government no other reasons for such a measure , they ought to have conciliated America sooner , for the purpose of making more vigorous exertions in Spain . They were as yet , however , ignorant of the circumstances which led to the American war , for this matter was still kept a secret : and he could not but blame the omission of this cause in the Speech from the throne . He knew that there were perverse irritations on both sides , and though he wished for peace with America , it was only on such terms as would be consistent with the preservation of our maritime rights , without which he would prefer the continuance of the war with that country.—His lordship then concluded with avowing his confirm '' ed opinion of the expediency of throwing the constitution open to the Catholic subjects of the state ; a measure which justice , wisdom and policy alike recommended as necessary and advantageous to the dearest interests of the country . vindicated the conduct of ministers with respect to the war in the peninsula , more especially in regard to the degree and nature of the reinforcements to be forwarded to the marquis of Wellington . He observed , that his noble relative opposite well knew the entire confidence ministers placed in that illustrious person , and adverted particularly to the point of lord Wellington 's not deeming it advisable to send new regiments to Spain ; so particularly careful was that excellent officer of the health of his troops.—With respect to the force from Sicily , the fact was , that lord William Bentinck had instructions to send such a number of troops as was consistent with the other objects to which he had to look . The objection , that by the force sent thence not remaining in Catalonia , the baron D'Erolles was disgusted , had no force , inasmuch as , since that period , ( as had appeared by the Gazette ) our naval force had been in active co-operation with the baron D'Erolles . As for the charge of not sending reinforcements to the marquis of Wellington , the fact was , that in the month of June lord Wellington sent a dispatch requesting , unless some extraordinary circumstances occurred , that no new corps might be sent out to him , because they were more likely 49 to be affected by the heats of summer . It was , therefore , that no new corps were sent , until intelligence had been received of the battle of Salamanca , which was considered an extraordinary circumstance as to require reinforcements to be sent . With regard to the United States of America , he contended that the conduct of ministers had been throughout consistent . The papers relative to the correspondence and intercourse between the governments were not on their lordships ' table , because his Majesty 's ministers had not yet received the final answer to a proposition made to the United States through sir John Borlase Warren ; in the mean time , he took leave to say , that the Orders in Council were not now the only grounds of demurrer on the part of that government . , conceiving that some points urged by noble lords opposite were personally applied to him , shortly explained , that he thought nothing which fell from him warranted a personal allusion on their parts .