that amount , however great , can only be considered as an advantage ; but whenever peace may take place , it will soon be found that there is a point beyond which the annual redemption of debt can not be carried , without great public inconvenience . This is no new argument in the House : my noble friend the marquis of Lansdowne urged it with great force and eloquence in opening his Plan of Finance in 1807 . He observed that the mischief of an excessive Sinking Fund overloading the money market with a super-abundance of capital , exceeding the means of employment , would be not inferior and somewhat similar to that of a national bankruptcy . Whenever there fore the Sinking Fund has reached that point beyond which it can not be employed with advantage in time of peace , it seems to be wise to think of setting bounds to its further accumulation , and certainly unwise to exhaust the national resources by an augmentation of taxes for its further 1084 increase . Whether the Sinking Fund has now reached that point , it belongs not to me to decide , and I wish the most cautious and deliberate wisdom of parliament to be applied to the decision . But it may unquestionably be said , that the Sinking Fund has now reached an extent of which the history of no country affords an example . In no country has the experiment of an annual repayment of twelve millions , or any thing like it , been tried . This at least is obvious , that the present arrangements of the Sinking Fund require revision . As the law now stands it will accumulate to above thirty , possibly to above forty millions , and will be at once reduced to twenty or even to twelve . Whatever may be thought of the effects of its greatest amount , it is undeniable that such a revulsion must be pernicious . If the larger sum be not too great the smaller must be far too little . But I perfectly agree with lord Lansdowne , and all the great authorities which have treated of this subject , that the plan of employing thirty or forty millions in the purchase of stock in time of peace is perfectly impracticable and visionary . A change must therefore be made at some time ; and if so , is it not wiser to make it while the inconvenience is still at a distance , than when it is actually pressing , and when any corrective may be opposed , with an appearance of justice , by the individual interests which may be affected by it at the moment ? On this account , I think it becomes the House now to pause , and take a deliberate view of the situation of the country , with respect to the repayment of its debt . But other circumstances concur to point out the present as a proper time for some revision of our system . By the original Sinking Fund Act of 1786 , provision had been made that when the Fund should have accumulated to the amount of four millions per annum , its further accumulation should cease , and the sums purchased from that time be discharged and made applicable to the public service . Had not that Plan been varied by the Act of 1802 , the public would before this time have received relief , from the operation of the Sinking Fund ; though only to the limited extent of the interest of four millions a year ; for the calculations which were made of its progress fixed the period at which it would have reached its highest amount , between the year 1808 , and the year 1812 , and the average rate of interest at which its operations have been 1085 conducted prove in fact that it would before this time have accomplished that object . It seems natural to look for some relief from the Sinking Fund at the period at which it would actually have been obtained , if the constitution of