rusty armour ? —Does not every man know that they are endured only because they are not exercised ? And that they are never mentioned , by any constitutional writer , without pleading their inactivity as the only apology for their existence ! The taste and sense of the public is , in this respect , a reproach to the tardy liberality of the legislature . Sir , a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) to whom I wish to allude with every possible degree of public and private respect , has desired that the Bill of Rights should be referred to : give me leave to ask , do you find in the Bill of Rights the principle of exclusion of Roman Catholics from the legislature or from the state ? It is required , no doubt , by the Bill of Rights , that the new oath of supremacy , thereby substituted for the former one , should be 806 taken by all who were bound to take the former one , but this is not introduced as one of the grievances redressed , or rights declared , but is merely incidentally mentioned , in consequence of the substitution of the one oath for the other ; and the declaration against Popery is in no respect adverted to ; but one fact , most decisive and important , on this point , is this , that when this act was passed , the Roman Catholics of Ireland were not , by any law , or usage , excluded from parliament or from civil or military offices . The articles of Limerick ( 3d Oct. 1691 ) , stipulated for all such privileges , in the exercise of religion , as were enjoyed in the reign of Charles 2 , and as were consistent with the laws of Ireland . They required the oath of allegiance , as created in the first year of William and Mary ; and the oath to be administered to the Roman Catholics , submitting to his majesty 's government , was to be that oath and no other ; and it was further stipulated that , so soon as their affairs would permit them to summon a parliament , their majesties would endeavour to procure them such further securities as might preserve them from any disturbance , on account of their religion . At this time , Roman Catholics were not excluded from parliament in Ireland , nor were there any lest or corporation laws in force against them . On the faith of these articles , all of which were punctually performed on their part , they surrendered the town , and left king William at liberty to apply his arms to the great cause in which he was sustaining the liberties of Europe . The stipulation , on the part of government , was to protect them against any additional oaths , and to endeavour to procure for them additional securities . What was done ? The act of the third of William and Mary was passed , giving them no additional securities , but excluding them , for the first time , from parliament and from offices civil and military , and from the bar , unless they subscribed the Declaration against Popery , and swore the Oath of Supremacy . The stipulation , in the articles , had been , not for those in garrison , but that the Roman Catholics of Ireland should enjoy their privileges ; for the garrison , they had stipulated for liberty to serve abroad , and to be conveyed accordingly . These victims of mistaken loyalty , when they were about to leave their native land , and with the characteristic generosity and improvidence of their country , to commit 807 themselves , with the fortunes of a banished monarch , stipulated , not for themselves , but for the country they were about to leave for ever , and the parliament , by a cruel mockery , enacted , not for the country , but for them , that they should not lose the privileges of—what ? Of being barristers