then tied down to one price , but rose with the depreciation of silver ; and two prices ( not in the common acceptation of the word ) took place that was , the silver coin having been debased , a guinea would procure a greater quantity of goods than 22 of those inferior shillings . In the same way , before the passing of this Bill , every thing was measured in Ireland by the standard of 284 guineas , which were at a premium , while notes were at a discount : of course , a purchaser , with gold , procured more goods than he who tendered a nominal sum in paper . And it could not be denied , that the moment the legislature made Bank-notes , as they had virtually done , a legal tender , the gold and good silver disappeared ; and guineas were now , like foreign coins , measured by their intrinsic , not their stipulated value . The hon . gentleman then adverted to the Portuguese paper , which he admitted was at a discount ; but , as no legislative protection was afforded to it , as was the case here , the metallic currency of that country had not vanished like ours . And this enabled us to provide , though inadequately , for the wants of our army in the peninsula . For all the reasons he had stated , and because it appeared to him that the second part of the Bill was not founded on any necessity , and only encouraged the exportation of our coin , he thought the House should confine themselves to the provisions of it , by which the public creditor , who was compelled to take Bank-notes , was protected , and by which relief was also afforded to the great body of debtors throughout the country . differing from the hon . gentleman in his view of the second part of the Bill , took that opportunity of stating his opinions . He did not mean to deny the fact of Bank-notes having been transmitted to Canada , but he certainly had no previons knowledge of it : he had never before heard of such a transaction . If , however , the notes had been sent there , he could not conceive how a depreciation , of 30 per cent . could have taken place , for , undoubtedly , as they were payable at sight , they must be considered at least as good as bills of exchange . The hon . gentleman did not express a wish that the Bank restriction should be taken off immediately . Now , in this point , he differed from several members of the Bullion Committee . It was proposed that the restriction should cease at the end of two years . One hon . member of that committee , however , was desirous that the period should be extended , from time to time , as circumstances warranted ; while another wished that it should peremptorily cease and determine , at the expiration of the first-mentioned period . So that it was apparent , from this difference of opinion , that if the legislature had enacted that the restriction should terminate in 285 two years , it would have created a degree of confusion in the country , from which nothing could have extricated it . For what use would it be to compel the Bank to open , without the means of paying in cash were given to the Company ? And where were they to procure the precious metals for that purpose ? Some gentlemen had said , that gold could be imported from Africa , and from the American market . But this could not be done , unless there was a surplus balance of trade in our favour , and as often as gold was higher than the Mint price , it was impossible to coin that metal ; it was , in fact , totally impracticable . The right hon . gentleman on this head , quoted the authority of Mr. Harris , who