is about to make , I most humbly submit myself to its disposal , praying only that this first act of its proceeding may never become detrimental either to its interests or to its honour . '' Mr. Abbot being then led to the 8 Chair by the Mover and Seconder , —said : `` With a deep sense of the duties which belong to this Chair , and a firm reliance , that so long as these duties shall be faithfully discharged , I may presume to expect the support of the House , —I beg leave to return my humble acknowledgments for this distinguished and repeated proof of its favor and confidence , and to assure the House of my entire devotion to its service . '' And thereupon he sat down in the Chair ; and then the mace , which before lay under the table , was laid upon the table . then spoke to the following effect : `` I apprehend that till his royal highness the Prince Regent 's intentions in calling this parliament together be made known , it will be the pleasure of the House to adjourn from day to day , without entering upon any business . I therefore rise to offer a motion to that effect . But previous to coming to this conclusion , I trust , I may be permitted to enjoy the satisfaction of congratulating the House on seeing that seat again occupied by the right hon . gentleman , whose conduct in it before had secured to him universal respect and admiration . We must , as members of this House , feel it to be a matter of great congratulation to each other , to have an individual returned to parliament whom we can elect to that situation , in which he has already so preeminently distinguished himself , to his own honour , and to the benefit of the House and of the country . It is a matter of congratulation that the first step , we have taken is likely to redound to the public advantage , and to the general good , as well as to the particular interest of this assembly . Marked as this election has been by an universal expression of sentiment that can not be doubted , you , Sir , must feel that you possess , in the unbounded confidence of this House , the means and authority necessary to enable you to discharge with dignity and effect the important duties deposited in your hands . Under these circumstances , I will not detain the House longer by dilating on the topics so ably and fully opened by the right hon . mover , but conclude by proposing that this House do now adjourn . '' then said : `` Mr. Abbot ; we have it in command from his royal highness the Prince Regent , acting on behalf of his Majesty , to inform you , that after the eminent proofs which you have given of your ability and integrity in the execution of this important office of Speaker of the House of Commons , to which you have been so repeatedly called , his Royal Highness in the name of his Majesty doth fully approve the Choice which the Commons have made , and that his Royal Highness therefore , in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , doth approve and confirm you to be their Speaker . '' then said : `` My lords ; since his Royal Highness has been graciously pleased to approve the Choice made by his Majesty 's faithful Commons , I most humbly submit myself to his royal will and pleasure : `` And I do now in the name and behalf of the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled , lay claim ( by humble petition ) to all their antient and undoubted rights and privileges ; more especially , Freedom of Speech in debate ; freedom from arrest and molestation for themselves , their servants , and estates ; free 10 access to the royal presence as occasion may require ; and