in Ireland , he could by no means agree with him . Nor did he think that the government had a right to extend their countenance and protection to bodies of men bound together by such an oath—which he thought no less inimical to the peace and happiness of the community , than the oath of the United Irishman . Whether it was qualified in one way or in another , such factions were equally dangerous to the constitution . He set of men ought be tolerated , who took an oath restricting their allegiance , or guarding it by conditions . For many centuries Ireland had been a victim to the want of an extension of the English law beyond the English pale . This barrier was at length thrown down , and British law was extended to the people of Ireland . Sir John Davis had stated what beneficial effects were produced by that extension . Be would now implore the House to throw down this second subsisting pale , which excluded from the constitution so many of the inhabitants of Ireland . And he was convinced that consequences would result from the measure , no less excellent than those which had proceeded from the original extension of English law to the Irish people . In proceeding to the decision of this important question , he hoped parliament would not consider it with a view to the narrow objections of this or that body of men , but that they would legislate for the community at large , with a due regard to its interests , and an extended and liberal feeling for the concord and harmony of the empire . The Catholic petitioners claimed the full benefit of the constitution ; they prayed to be admitted to a community of privileges , as they gladly shared in a community of danger ; and , he trusted , the legislature would answer them in the words of the Great Charter—that charter obtained by the joint exertions of their Catholic ancestors— '' Nulli vendemus , nulli negabimus , nulli differemus Justitiam . '' rose and said : Sir ; considering the turn which this debate has taken , and the situation which I had lately the honour of holding in the government of Ireland , I do not think it would be becoming in me if I were not to explain distinctly my reasons for the vote which I shall give upon this question , a question in which the tranquillity and 890 the permanent interests of Ireland are so deeply concerned . The House , Sir , appears to me to be placed in a most extraordinary predicament . We are now in the third night of a debate upon a motion similar to that which was at the close of the last session agreed to by a large majority . The great Catholic question underwent , last year , three solemn discussions , and in the interval between the first and the last of those discussions , circumstances had occurred which induced the House to determine , as I have already said , by a large majority , that it would , at an early period of the present session , take the Catholic claims into consideration , with a view to a final and conciliatory adjustment . Sir , had it not been for the dissolution of parliament , ( a measure , I believe , totally unexpected at the time the House came to the Resolution to which I have alluded ) , I apprehend we should not now be called upon to discuss this question : we should , as a matter of course , have gone into a committee upon the Catholic claims . I am by no means disposed to contend that the present parliament is , in any respect , bound by the Resolution passed , and the opinion expressed by the last ; but , at the same time , every man must feel that that Resolution is entitled to great weight , from the effect which it must necessarily have produced throughout the whole empire , but more especially