evening : he should not however press his motion to a division if contrary to the sense of the House . The question of adjournment being put was negatived without a division . then rose in pursuance of his notice , and said , that it was the undoubted right of the hon . member ( Mr. Lygon ) to act as he had done , in clearing the House of strangers : if , however , this precaution had been taken under the impression that any thing he had to say would be unbecoming the respect he owed to that House , or inconsistent with what was due to the feelings of every branch of the royal family , such apprehensions were utterly unfounded . He thought it a duty he owed , in the first instance , to the Princess of Wales , to declare , that for the motion he was about to submit , he had no authority from her , he had had no communication with any person or persons whatsoever , and that the proceeding originated entirely and exclusively with himself . He had had no communication with the Princess of Wales , further than to send her a copy of the Resolutions , 1132 as he had done to the ministers—he had consulted no one—he did not even know that there was a member in the House who would second his motion . The hon . member proceeded to observe , that it was well known that a Commission had been granted by the King in 1806 to four noble lords , Grenville , Spencer , Erskine , and Ellenborough , to examine into certain allegations that had been preferred against the Princess of Wales . He then read the whole of the Report made by the Commissioners above stated , containing the most unqualified opinion , that the charge produced by sir John and lady Douglas , against the Princess of Wales , of having been delivered of a child in the year 1802 , was utterly destitute of truth . It added , that the birth and real mother of the child , said to have been born of the Princess , had been proved beyond all possibility of doubt . The Report concluded with some objections made by the Commissioners , to the manners , or to levity of manners , upon different occasions , in the Princess . The hon . member next proceeded to state , that the paper he should now read was a document which he was ready to prove at the bar of the House , was dictated by lord Eldon , Mr. Perceval , and sir Thomas Plomer , though signed by the Princess of Wales ; it was a letter written , or purporting to be written , by her Royal Highness to the King , on the 9th of October , 1806 , as a Protest against the Report of the Commissioners , just detailed ; the letter being read at length appeared to be a formal and elaborate criticism upon the nature of the commission under which her conduct had been reviewed ; it asserted in the most unqualified terms her own innocence , and called the charges of her accusers a foul conspiracy , made ex-parte , and affording no appeal . In this letter , the Princess of Wales threw herself and the honour of her family on the justice of the King—her honour and her life being at the mercy of the malice and foul perjuries of her accusers—she complained of the ex-parte recrimination , and of the manner and way in which the charges were credited . After some interval of painful suspence , and hearing from various and anonymous letters , that an accusation was preferred against her—the duke of Kent announced to her Royal Highness the near approach of two attornies to take away , by a warrant , half of her family , in order to examine them as evidence on the 1133 charge—the only request she made was to request the duke of Kent to remain in the room with her till her