been witnessed . The same miserable and contemptible state of vacillation ought no longer to be suffered . According to the opinion of marquis Wellesley , who had been in Spain , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had no right to attribute any failure to the conduct of Ballasteros alone . The noble lord had brought a charge against that general , for not preventing the junction of the two French armies , and to this neglect were the failures of lord Wellington ascribed . Lord Wellesley , however , was of opinion that these failures were not merely owing to the conduct of one individual , but to the apathy of the whole Spanish nation , as well as to the strength and energy of the French army , who did not , as the noble lord would have it understood , melt like butter before the sun . He would ask any man , whether it was a fair mode of measuring the merits of the war , by saying , at any particular period , Here let us strike a balance , and see how we stand , and from thence draw deductions as to the general 168 results ? The fallacy of such a course was manifest , from the fact of lord Wellington having gone half way in effecting the object he had in view , and being then obliged to retrace his steps . In conclusion , the hon . baronet said , lie felt it incumbent on him to take this opportunity of delivering his sentiments , lest he might be considered as pledged , in the vote he should give , to any approbation of the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , than which nothing could be further from his intentions . said , he could not deny himself the opportunity which was now afforded him of expressing his admiration of the truly splendid victory of Salamanca—a victory which , while it placed the bravery of the British troops in a most prominent point of view , exhibited the transcendent military talents of their commander , the most noble the marquis of Wellington , in their true colours . Never was more consummate generalship evinced—never did the conduct of any man excite more deservedly the approbation of his countrymen . It was not his intention to go into the history of the campaign , which had already been so ably detailed by the noble lord ; he would content himself , therefore , by declaring his hearty assent to the Vote of Thanks to the marquis of Wellington , for the brilliant victory gained by him over the French forces on the 22d of July last , to which he believed there was no man , either within or without those walls , would object.— '' Thank God , '' said the hon . baronet , `` we have committed our army to the care of a man of cool and deliberate judgment , one who is not fool-hardy , and who knows when he ought to go forward , and when he ought to go backward . He is not a rash man , who for the sake of a momentary advantage would sacrifice his army , but who , with that wisdom indicative of a great mind , waits but for an opportunity to annihilate the whole body of the enemy . After all the actions that have taken place—after all the blood that has been spilt , it would be degrading to the name of Great Britain and of Ireland , to solicit peace . Suppose a bully attacked a Briton or an Irishman , and that he was repelled by their bravery , would it become them , after they had gloriously beaten him off , to sue for peace ? The thought was ridiculous—and equally ridiculous would it be to think of suing for peace , at this time , from that tyrant , that 169 scourge of Europe , whose fate I am satisfied is now fast approaching . Let us all but unite ; let the feelings of the whole United Kingdom be