the Catholic committee , or does he mean to argue , that that body having been dissolved , the Protestants are satisfied , that all jealousies are allayed , and that the claims of the Catholics may now be acceded to , without objection on the part of the Protestants of Ireland . Surely , Sir , the right hon . gentleman must recollect that it is now two years since he addressed his circular letter , pointing out the illegality of delegation , and expressing the 904 determination of the Irish government to visit any meetings , held for that purpose , with the penalties of the law . The right hon . gentleman must recollect that it is considerably more than a year since the Catholic committee dissolved itself , and the Catholic Board was appointed in its room ; but that it is only within the last three or four months that the Petition '' from the Protestants of Ireland , to which the right hon . gentleman refers , have been resolved upon in the respective counties . Those Petitions , in which the sentiments of the Protestants are expressed , with a moderation which does them the highest credit , but which Petitions I consider to be decidedly against the concessions which are now demanded by the Catholics , arose not out of the conduct of the Irish government , not out of the dispersion of the Catholic convention , but have been called forth by the Resolution , to which the House of Commons came , in the last session of parliament , and by the just apprehensions which the Protestants of Ireland feel for the security of their establishment , were those privileges granted to the Catholics , with which alone they profess themselves to be satisfied ; if these be the grounds on which the right hon . gentleman defends himself from the charge of inconsistency , I fear that , on examination , he will not find them tenable . There is , however , one point in which the right hon . gentleman is right ; he is right in supposing that my sentiments are directly adverse to the present motion . I should be reluctant to trouble the House with the expression of them , if I did not think , with my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer , that , considering the situations in which we stand , a silent vote , on a question so materially affecting the interests of that country , with which we are officially connected , might be thought unbecoming . I do assure my right hon . friend that it is with real regret that I find myself compelled to avow opinions , so much at variance with those which he has so well expressed , a regret , however , which is small , indeed , when compared with that which I should feel , did I think it possible that our difference on this point , important as it is , could affect our concurrence in other political subjects , or could , in the least , tend to weaken that personal regard and confidence which has ever subsisted between us . Sir , I must first express some little sur- 905 prise at an argument of my right hon . friend , that every gentleman who voted for the Resolution of the right hon . gentle man ( Mr. Canning ) in the last session of parliament , is bound , by consistency , to vote for the propositions , which the right hon . gentleman has now submitted . Sir , I own that I should consider myself bound by no such obligation ; that , had I had the misfortune to nave voted with the right hon . gentleman last year , I should have been most anxious to follow the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bankes ) , and declare my determination of opposing the motion of the right hon gentleman . I can not see a pretence for imputing inconsistency to such a line of conduct . The pledge ,