originally had in contemplation a motion which would have imposed on the executive government such a duty ; but as objections were made by gentlemen whose support I wished to secure to transferring the care and guardianship of this important question from parliament to the executive government , I contented myself with moving a resolution declaratory of the determination of the House of Commons . This resolution being laid at the foot of the throne , did not , as I think , impose on the executive government the duty of originating the question ; it did impose on them the duty of making up their minds to meet the discussion to which this House thus pledged itself . When that discussion shall come , I shall be satisfied if I find that government have made up their minds to meet it in a manly manner . Those who remember the occurrences of the debate which took place upon that motion of mine which pledged the House to consider the subject this session , will recollect that at the suggestion of the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , seconded by the recommendation of the hon . gentleman near him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , I most willingly consented to surrender the further conduct of the discussion upon the Catholic question into the hands of that venerable individual ( Mr. Grattan ) , who has so frequently brought it forward in this House , and whose experience and ability and eloquence are so well calculated to do it full justice . I was myself perfectly prepared to follow up my motion by bringing the whole subject this session in a specific and practical shape before parliament . But , considering the prior claims of that right hon . gentleman , I did not think it right to resist the appeal made to me in his behalf , for the restitution into his hands , of a question so peculiarly his own . Into his hands I cheerfully resigned it . In his hands I most heartily wish it success . So far as the general principle of his measure goes , he may be assured of 78 my humble , but zealous and hearty support and co-operation . Unacquainted as I am with the nature of the plan which he may have in contemplation , I of course must not be considered as pledged to its details . I must reserve to myself the right of acting upon them to the best of my own judgment and discretion ; but I shall be deeply disappointed indeed if they should be such as to create any material difference of opinion . Sir , with the qualifications which I have stated , I cordially concur in the Address so far as it goes to pledge with heart and soul all the means and resources of the country to the prosecution of the several contests in which we are engaged . In my conscience I believe that there are no present means of terminating them with safety and with honour . I am persuaded , ( in the spirit of the observations made by the seconder of the Address , ) that the greater the vigour with which we carry on the war , the nearer shall we be to the attainment of peace . It is not by hesitation and indecision that we can hope to attain that object , but by manly and indefatigable perseverance ; by strenuous and unrelaxed exertion . The Speaker again put the question , and no member on the opposition bench shewing a disposition to rise , said , that as the only task apparently to be imposed on ministers this night , was rather to give explanation on points which might call for further investigation hereafter , than to meet opposition on any of the political features of the government , or of the subjects contained in the Prince Regent 's Speech , he should not find it necessary to enter very minutely into the consideration of the various matters which had been touched upon . Considering what had fallen from the