said Commissioners , pursuant to the directions , and under and according to the restrictions and provisions of the said therein recited Acts ; either in payment for the redemption or in the purchase of the several redeemable Public Annuities of Great Britain , until the whole of the perpetual Redeemable Annuities , now charged upon the Public Funds of Great Britain , including such charge as has arisen , or may arise , on any loan made in Great Britain , before the passing of this Act ; and also such charge as shall arise by any annuities , interests , and dividends , payable in consequence of any loans made chargeable on the Consolidated Fund , by an Act passed in this session of parliament , intituled , An Act for repealing the duties on income , for the effectual collection of arrears of the said duties , and accounting for the same , and for charging the annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain shall have been completely redeemed or purchased , should be repealed . 9 . `` That it is expedient to make provision , that an annual sum of 867,963l . 1095 being equal to one percent , on the capital stock created in respect of several loans raised by virtue of divers Acts passed in the 38th , 39th , 39th , and 10th , and 42nd years of his present Majesty , and for the interest and charges of which provision was made in the said 42nd year of his Majesty , shall be set apart out of the monies composing the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain , and shall be issued at the receipt of the Exchequer , to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England , to be by them issued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt . 10 . `` That it is expedient to make further provision for the more effectual and speedy redemption of the Land Tax . '' said , that he for one acceded to the postponement of the discussion upon the plan of his right hon . friend until a future day ; and as he did not understand that plan , he should , for the present , carefully abstain from any comment upon it further than this ; that it appeared to him , upon the face of it , to be the most important change in the financial arrangements of the country that had ever been proposed in the course of a long and eventful war . His right hon . friend had said , in the course of his speech , that Mr. Pitt had always looked to this practical effect ; but though he could not see what that might be , he could not shut his eyes to the fact which had been stated by his right hon . friend in the last session , that the finances of the country were labouring ; '' a state of things , which he earnestly hoped the present plan might be effectual in remedying , He was well aware of the difficult situation in which his right hon . friend was placed ; he should look at the proposed plan in the spirit of candour , and if he troubled the House more at length at a future period , it would not be until he had made himself acquainted with all the details . rose to assure the Committee , that he shared most sincerely the sentiments just uttered by the last speaker , and that he would enter into the discussion with the same motives . To him this was no party question ; and he professed himself ready to give the right hon . gentleman every assistance in his power , 1096 in the arduous task which had devolved upon him . At the same time , he was compelled to own , that the plan just proposed by the right hon . gentleman had somewhat surprised him : he had been indeed led to expect an extensive and new plan of finance ; but considering how