constitution in church and state . : —Sir , I beg pardon of the House for offering myself to its notice , at a moment when it is naturally in expectation of the rising of some person , every way more entitled to its attention . I trust however that the extreme importance of the subject will plead my excuse . If I could be induced to believe , with the hon . gentleman on the floor , ( Mr. Bankes ) that there could be no other intercourse between the Protestant and Catholic , than between God and Belial , I would instantly espouse his side of the question and anxiously oppose the motion of my right hon . friend ; but , convinced , by experience , that the contrary is the fact , and knowing that the utmost harmony and cordiality not only can , but actually does exist , between these two descriptions of his Majesty 's subjects , I feel myself imperatively called on to support any measure which may procure , for the Catholics , those privileges , which , I must contend , are the natural rights of all subjects , born under the British constitution ; rights which may indeed be withheld , but not except on very strong and urgent grounds . And what , Sir , is the motion of my right honourable friend ? Does it pledge the House , at once , to say that there are no such strong and weighty objections ? No , Sir ; it merely asks this House to go into committee to consider whether there be any such objections or not . And he asks this in the name of above three millions of persons of whose courage and loyalty you have almost daily proofs . And what are the reasons urged against going into this committee ? The danger apprehended from the Pope , and the disinclination of the Protestants . The danger of the Pope is attempted to be drawn from a series of pamphlets , to discuss which I shall not now trouble the House , but I remember that the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) , who seems so very much afraid of him , told us , in the course of his speech , that we were at this moment under sentence of excommunication by him , 867 which he said he believed few knew . This ignorance of our being under the most serious sentence of the papal power , I can not but consider as a strong argument that that power is not so very formidable as the opposers of this motion represent it to be . But , Sir , it is intended that , by agreeing to this motion , you may perhaps conciliate the Catholic , but you will thereby alienate the Protestant . I will not take upon myself to say what may be the Protestant feeling , in England , farther than that very few of the counties and populous towns have come forward , if they are really very anxious on this subject . As to Ireland , I will venture to assert that the voice of the Protestant is in favour of the Catholic I assert this from experience and also from the Petitions on your table ; for not above three or four request that the Catholics may not get any thing more . The rest demand securities for the Protestant constitution , should the wisdom of parliament concede their wishes to the Catholics ; thereby admitting that , with securities , they are entitled to the prayer of their petition . I , Sir , also expect securities ; not however the Veto nor any security of that sort , but those which arise from the increasing wealth of the Catholic , his increasing property , and his increasing attachment to the constitution , arising from the feelings of the increased happiness and comfort he enjoys under it . These , Sir , are the securities I seek for , and conceiving them best attained by agreeing to the motion of my right