government of their own country , even where that government is in the hands of those whom they deem heretics . I apprehend , however , that this is a matter of some doubt , when viewed as a mere point of doctrine . On the one hand stand the exorbitant power , and still more exorbitant pretensions of the Popes in former ages ; the authority of certain general councils recognised by their church , and in whose decrees the ecclesiastical power is raised to an enormous height at the expence of the civil magistrates ; and the Ordination Oath administered to the Irish clergy , by which they swear to be bound to St. Peter , the Church of Rome , and their lord the Pope , and to persecute heretics—together with several other facts of that class which the enemies to toleration have not failed , at every opportunity , to place in the most striking point of view . On the other hand , we are assured , that these maxims , though promulgated and acted upon by ambitious pontiffs in an ignorant age , were never duly sanctioned by the authority of the Church ; and it must be admitted , that the answers of the Catholic Universities to the questions proposed to them by Mr. Pitt in 1788 , the declaration of many most respectable individuals of their body , and even the terms of the Irish Oath as altered and explained by the Pope himself in 1791 , seem to afford to the state every security that jealousy itself could require . Between these conflicting testimonies it is perhaps difficult to decide , and , I must own , that so far as the matter now immediately under our consideration is concerned , I am not very anxious for a decision . For , Sir , it appears to me that this question , though , no doubt , very interesting as forming a part of the history of human 928 opinions , has but a very remote connection with the point upon which we are this night called upon to give a vote . It is a curious question , it is an amusing question , it is a learned question—it is a theological , and , if you please , a philosophical , but it can hardly , in this age , be considered as I a political question . What we have to consider is not what are the opinions which the Catholics avow , or , to speak more correctly , what are the opinions which the Catholics refuse to disavow , but what are those upon which , looking fairly to all the circumstances of the situation in which emancipation would place them , the wealthy and intelligent part of their community , that part of it with which we shall really have to deal—is likely to act . It is as statesmen , desirous indeed of maintaining an established church—but still as statesmen , not as theologicians , that we are to consider this subject . It is to conduct that we are to look , and to doctrine only so far as it influences conduct . For , Sir , there can not be a grosser or a more mischievous error , or one that shews a more profound ignorance of human nature , than to judge as to the probable conduct of men , by creeds , and confessions , and articles , by the arguments of doctors , and the decisions of councils , or to imagine that because from pride , or prejudice , or timidity , or superstition , they refuse formally to renounce a principle , they are therefore certain , or even desirous to carry it into effect . These things , no doubt , are to be considered and weighed , but not singly , not solely , not with a pedantic exclusion of that living commentary by which their dry literal meaning is always modified and explained—that commentary which consists in the situation of the country , in the disposition of the people , and in the spirit