which the House gave in the last session of parliament , was not simply that it would consider the Catholic claims ; but that it would consider them , with the view , and for the purpose of attaining three distinct objects . There was an implied condition attached to that pledge ; first , that the adjustment of the Catholic claims should be final and conciliatory . Secondly , that the stability of the church establishment should be effectually provided for . And , Thirdly , that the arrangement , in all , should be one tending to promote concord and satisfaction among all classes of his Majesty 's subjects.—Sir , is it probable that , by the discussion of this question now , any one of these objects will be attained ? Is it likely that the adjustment will be a final one ? If it is an adjustment which will satisfy the Catholics , will it be one , which will secure your church establishment from danger ? But , above all , is there the remotest prospect that any arrangement of a final nature can now be made , which the Protestant subjects of the empire can hail with satisfaction ? To prove that all classes of his Majesty 's subjects will not be satisfied with an arrangement , of which adequate securities for your church establishment shall form a part , I will beg leave to read an extract from the resolutions of one class of his Majesty 's subjects , interested in that arrangement , namely , the Catholics of Ireland . This meeting , a meeting at Kilkenny , resolves , — '' That this spirit , we fear , will only be the reproduction , or rather the continuance , of that system by which England has thought proper to govern this country for a series of centuries , viz . a system of division , founded upon wretched and mistaken notions of policy . That 906 the government will most probably affect liberality , and suffer a majority to vote for a consideration of our claims , and that they will at the same time consult their real determination , never to grant us our rights , by making the veto , 'securities and arrangements , ' the sine quâ non of our emancipation . `` That therefore , lest the government should be supposed to act without a full and entire knowledge of the opinion and feelings of the Catholics , upon that most important subject , and also to put down by anticipation , any such effect as that just now made with equal failure and insidiousness , we feel it our duty thus finally to declare , that we consider the question of veto or arrangement , or securities , to have been set at rest for ever , by the decision of our prelates , and that we should consider the enactment of a law , which should give us emancipation , incorporated with a veto , or arrangements and securities , as a penal law , a law of persecution , and such a law , as when promulgated in Ireland , would be likely not only to add to the agitation and irritation of men 's minds , but hazard the safety and salvation of the empire . '' Sir , if I were among the wavering friends of the Catholics , I would advise the postponement of this consideration , into which we are required to enter , until the present just jealousies and suspicions of the Protestants might be somewhat allayed . I would give time to the Catholics , to reflect on their past conduct , on the prejudice which their cause has received from the intemperance of some of their advocates , and I would give them the opportunity of gradually receding from those unjust pretensions , which they advanced with precipitation , and which they now insist upon with a vehemence , of which they may yet be wise enough to repent . I would not now ask the House to come to a decision , which , if favourable