and fought to-day on the side against which they had fought the day before . They were known to obey without reflection and without hesitation the commands of their superiors with the prospect of certain and immediate death before them ; but to expect public spirit from such a people was carrying too far even the power of the most brilliant fancy . Yet it was in this situation of affairs that the noble lord thought proper to compare the retreat from the Niemen to Moscow , with the well-known retreat of Moreau . But in what respects could they possibly be compared together ? General Moreau executed his retreat when he was far into the enemies ' country , and when he was pursued by powerful and warlike hosts ; while on the other hand the Russians retreated into their own country , in consequence of plans which it was said had been long digested by them . They were to stop at a certain point , where they had their magazines and entrenched camps . But was it ever in contemplation that they should retreat to Moscow , before fighting the enemy , and afterwards burn Moscow ? It was preposterous , therefore , in the noble lord , to speak of this retreat as a great military operation . If , however , the efforts of Russia had been great , as great they certainly were , how stupendous must have been the power and the efforts of the emperor of France , who , without being necessitated to carry his arms into Russia , and having the war of Spain already on his hands , began that great undertaking , 96 penetrated to Moscow , and would , in all probability , have accomplished his purpose , but for the awful act by which it was frustrated.—With respect to the state of affairs in the peninsula , it was generally known to the credit of lord Wellington , that he did not court the battle of Salamanca ; but that the French commander being too secure of calling lord Wellington off , laid himself open to attack , which that great man , with his accustomed vigilance , immediately laid hold of . By following up his victory , he took possession of Madrid , and afterwards advanced to Burgos . He was willing to pay the highest deference to the opinion of lord Wellington , and to suppose that in acting as he did , he judged perfectly right ; but the plan of his campaign , as he himself had acknowledged , had been utterly defeated from the want of means . But then the noble lord enlarged on the great good produced by having weakened the French , and prevented them from carrying on offensive operations , and contended , that even if lord Wellington should be again obliged to fall back on Torres Vedras the same glorious consequences would follow which had already taken place . But if he might be allowed to ask the question , what had the Spaniards been doing all the time ? How were the Spaniards seconding the efforts of the great commander ? It was true , as the noble lord had stated , that the French had left the south of Spain , and been obliged to evacuate Madrid , and that lord Wellington had been received there and every where with an enthusiasm approaching to idolatry . In his letter after entering Madrid , he said , he hoped the inhabitants of Madrid would in future do a little better than before . But after the last evacuation of Madrid , he said a very small French force took possession of the Retiro . He was appointed generalissimo of Spain ; and the very first order which he issued in that character to general Ballasteros , one of the Spanish commanders , who had been more than usually successful in his operations against the enemy , was refused to be executed by him . It was true that that general was cashiered , and that his army was given to other hands ; but