residence in Ireland . But , Sir , these clashing opinions only prove the necessity of going into a committee in order that the validity of each may be fully canvassed . Sir , I am not aware that any reason exists now for not going into the committee which did not exist last year , when this House determined by so large a majority that they would go into a committee ; I am sure , as far as Ireland is concerned , no such reason exists . Sir , it must have been obvious to any man who has paid any attention to the events which have occurred within the last few years , and who possessed any knowledge of the state of Ireland , that things could not remain in the state in which they were . I can not conceive it possible for a man of common observation to entertain such an opinion . I am sure no man in Ireland thinks so , whatever his opinion may be with respect to the granting or refusing the claims of the Catholics . There are , I have no doubt , many respectable , sensible , and well disposed Protestants in Ireland—respectable in rank and talents , who not only think that no further concessions should be made to the Catholics , but who are of opinion , that it would be highly beneficial to the state to renew some of the penal laws . A learned gentleman who generally sits under the gallery ( Dr. Duigenan ) I believe entertains that opinion , and , if I am not very much mistaken , the Orange societies in general in Ireland think that the legislature has already gone much too far in its concessions to the Catholics . I say then , Sir , that all parties are agreed that it is not possible things can remain in their present state , either you must re-enact the penal statutes , or you must admit the Catholics to the benefits of the constitution—no man can believe that the question can , or will , remain stationary . The progress of the Catholics ( as was observed the other night by the learned gentleman opposite , Mr. Plunket , in a speech which was so much and so justly admired ) in wealth and knowledge since the Union , has been most rapid , and they are now in a state in which it is , I maintain , impossible that they should continue . Why then , Sir , if it is the opinion of all parties that things can not 896 remain as they are at present , surely the natural and obvious course for us to pursue is to go into a committee in which we may examine fully what course we ought to pursue , and what measures are best calculated to promote the tranquillity of the empire . When the Union was in agitation I disapproved of the measure , but I am now willing to acknowledge that it has been productive of great benefits to Ireland ; it has contributed greatly to increase the wealth and the knowledge of that country , and particularly of its Roman Catholic inhabitants . One of the natural effects of the Union was , by the removal of the Protestant parliament to create a great number of absentees ; many Protestants of rank and property have discontinued their residence in Ireland in consequence of that measure , but the spirit and industry of the Catholics had impelled them forward to fill up the vacuum which was thus occasioned . Their wealth and their knowledge has of course increased , and is in a rapidly progressive state ; is it then , I again ask , natural to suppose that they will be content to remain , or that it will be possible to keep them in their present state . You must , then , either advance or recede ; stand still you can not . You must either have a re-enactment of the penal laws and a rebellion in Ireland , or you must seriously take