conscience . All the same objections apply to the office of chancellor in a much higher degree , and with the addition of his being the constitutional guardian of the royal 1008 conscience , in affairs of this nature , as well as in those of a merely civil description . With respect to political power , I am not afraid to avow that it appears unsafe to delegate , to Catholic hands , a large portion of Protestant power ; for , by the constitution of this country , as settled upon its present basis , political power is Protestant power . Sir , I can not contemplate the admission of Catholic members into the senate , where they will have to decide upon questions , directly affecting the religion of the state , without some degree of uneasiness , indeed the right hon . member seemed to admit the existence of some danger , by the antidote , which he held out ; for his reasoning was , What could one hundred members do against the body of the House ? thereby appearing to admit , that danger would be introduced , but that it would be disarmed by the inferiority of their numbers ; that the safety was to be found , not in their dispositions , but in their minority ; that a certain degree of mischief would be infused , but that it would be diluted and rendered harmless , by the prevalence of the sounder particles , which form the general substance of the mass . Sir , I am not quite clear that the right hon . member 's arithmetic would , eventually , turn out to be correct . He will please to remember , that , if Irish Catholic gentlemen are admitted , English Catholic gentlemen can not be excluded . Many of these are of ancient honourable families , and possessing great hereditary influence in the counties and boroughs where they reside . And if to these two descriptions of persons , you add those , who may bring into this House the opinion , much too fashionable in the world , that legislation has nothing to do with religion , and that the state has no right whatever to interpose at all , in the intercourse between the Creator and the convenience of man , I can not think that the danger of the church is altogether so chimerical , as has been represented , or that the clergy are justly liable to the free observations which have been made upon them , for the anxiety they have ventured to express . Sir , I can not avoid saying , that it is one of the most alarming signs of the times , that that venerable body has been , on this occasion , treated with a rudeness and disrespect which lam confident they have never before experienced , within these walls . Sir , that there should not be in Catholic minds , 1009 a spirit , which I am loth to call a spirit of hostility , but wish rather to describe as unfriendly to our Protestant establishments , it is impossible to conceive . Such a spirit is unavoidably produced by the fundamental principles of their faith , and the more sincere a man is in the entertainment of those principles , the more sincere must be his disinclination to the maintenance of those establishments . A man of common benevolence , really attached to the importance of that religion , must wish it to become the favoured religion of his country . He would act in contradiction , not only to his own theory , but to his own natural feelings , if he did not . Sir , those feelings have been expressed with but little reserve . I find a worthy baronet of great authority in that profession of faith , though , by some , represented as no friend to the higher claims of that church , expressing himself thus in a published pamphlet , `` I shall expect , very seriously expect , when the subject has been more matured ,