this . Happily it is not necessary for me or for others who take the part which I take in this debate , to explain and justify the policy by which the Catholics have been admitted to the privileges which they now enjoy . That is done . That is now the constitution . Let those who quarrel 1054 with it propose to mend it in their own sense ; and then we shall have their view of the subject fairly before us . But when , in consequence of the privileges already conceded to them , the Catholics are held out as traitorous and ungrateful , because they sigh for what is still withholden , it may surely be said , —not in recommendation of the policy of granting their wish , but in justification of them for entertaining it , that they live among those who enjoy higher privileges from which they are themselves excluded ; —that to consider such exclusion as the stamp of degradation , is human nature ; —and that , provided the further participation in the privileges of their fellow subjects be asked in a becoming manner , we surely need not resent the request , though we may determine , as best suits our views of the just interests of the whole community , when , and in what proportion , and with what qualifications we shall grant it . Above all things , let us avoid a harsh , insulting , irritating language : let us avoid it on our side , to discourage it on the other . Much injury is done to the cause of either party by mischievous advocates . The blame of this sort of mischief does not rest entirely with the Catholics . I would it did . But , on the other side of the controversy , there have not been wanting examples , which I wish had not been afforded , to justify—or— ( justify they can not ) —to excite and keep alive the intemperance of the Catholic demagogues . Societies are formed in this metropolis for disseminating the most absurd misrepresentations with respect to the Catholics ; anonymous letters from Limeric ; —histories of serving maids turned off on account of their religion ; —such trash and trumpery , in short , as never before was brought forward in aid of any solemn discussion , or in support of any righteous cause . Take a few specimens of these publications.— ( Mr. Canning here read several extracts from the publications in question , but concluded with saying ) —Sir , I am ashamed to dwell upon such stuff . I should be sorry that my citation of them in this place should prolong their ephemeral existence . Were their vigour proportioned to their venom , they might poison society for a long time to come , and render altogether incurable the differences , which unhappily exist between the different classes of the community . But we shall hear no more of them after this night 's debate , and after this night 's 1055 vote , which will shew , I trust , how little congenial is the temper of these publications and their inditers , to that in which the British House of Commons is proceeding to legislate for the peace and strength of the empire . Some gentlemen have adverted , in the course of this debate , to the language of many of the petitions against the Roman Catholics , and have censured in grave terms the activity of the clergy in procuring and forwarding such petitions . I am not of their opinion , so far as relates to the clergy . Ill language , and strange and distorted reasonings , indeed can not be defended by any authority or sanctified by any names ; and the House will of course take the several petitions for what they are intrinsically worth , and for no more . But the clergy , I think , are unjustly blamed for their activity . I differ from them indeed entirely as to any apprehension of danger to the establishment , from the