here , therefore , was loudly called for , and , unless our army had been starved in regard to the staff in the year 1809 , it would be ridiculous to say that we could not dispense with a great part of our home staff at the present moment . It required no military knowledge to form a judgment on this head . During the last year our staff was greatly too large for the number of men employed in our service ; now they were out of all proportion . He hoped , therefore , that ministers would not press this item to-night , but would bring forward a fresh and curtailed estimate , having reference to the curtailed numbers of our army at home , and to the state of the country . Our state of home defence was not now required to be such as when we were threatened with invasion . From this dread had our extended home expenditure , particularly in the staff of our army , arisen . Now , however , that the apprehensions of invasion had ceased , and that we were embarked in an extended system of foreign warfare , our staff establishment at home was maintained on the same expensive scale , as if an attack was still dreaded from an invading enemy , instead of being put on a scale consistent with the number of the troops and the wants of the country . The next point to which he should refer was of minor importance . There was an item of 10,000l . for repairs to the Horse Guards , during the last and present years . Now , as to this item of expence , he thought it would have been better if the sum actually expended for the last year had been specified . He did not mean to say that the money would be misapplied , or that it would not be expended ; but he thought it would be better that the specific amount of expenditure had been 1170 given . The observations with which he had troubled the Committee as to the disproportionate amount of our general staff at home , applied in a still more forcible degree to our Volunteer force , a body of men which might now be considered as merely nominal . On this head there was a charge of 209,000l . This was a force which he did not think now necessary , since a better force had been found , pretty much of the same description , in the Local Militia . The volunteer force was now almost intirely nominal . The danger which had given rise to it now no longer existed ; and volunteering was kept up , in most instances , only with a view to avoid enrolment for the militia . This over loaded home staff , however , was not esteemed adequate even to the inspection of the volunteers , but a sum of 14,000l . was charged for inspectors of volunteer corps , of whom therewere , in reality , none to inspect ; and there were also general officers for the occasional inspection of the militia . What , he asked , were those regular staff officers to do , if they could not discharge such a duty as this ? It was high time that a check should be put to so exorbitant an expence ; when the volunteers were a great and effective force , there were no such officers required ; but now , when the volunteer force had become almost obsolete , this unnecessary expence was to be incurred . He was convinced , if such a force were now necessary the voluntary zeal of the country would revive ; but till this was the case , he thought it would be well if the task of reviewing the corps which now nominally existed was to be considered a voluntary and unpaid for service also . These objections he did not apply to Ireland , as he was not sufficiently informed with respect to the necessity which might exist in that country for this description