effect the very reverse of what was intended by those who supported it . Let the House look to the experience of the last eighteen months . Did this part of the Bill , effect that which was contemplated ? Did it occasion guineas to pass current at their current rate ? Could any gentleman state an instance of one being passed at the rate established by the king 's proclamation ? On the contrary , it had driven all the guineas , crowns , half-crowns , and even shillings ( except those which were very much debased ) out of circulation . It was clear that it did not preclude individuals from disposing of their guineas at the highest price they could procure . The law was evaded every day ; and the only case in which it could succeed , was , where persons were seduced by those who were particularly employed for the purpose , and then prosecuted , and involved in the penalties of the act , through the cunning of others . Some convictions of that kind , he believed , had taken place . It was therefore most evident , that any man , in spite of this law , might sell his guineas , or crown-pieces , for what he supposed they were worth , without any fear of detection . Some millions of guineas had been exported to France and other countries , since the first introduction of the Bill—not for want of exertions to prevent such exportation , but because it was as impossible to execute this law , as that against melting down the coin of the realm . The ancient law of 283 the country prohibited most ineffectively , the melting down or exporting the current coin—and now they superadded to these , a law , the direct operation of which was , to give a premium of 25 per cent . to every man disposed to export or melt down the metallic currency . For , if guineas disposed of in France procured a return on England of 25 per cent . more than they would produce here , it must act as a temptation to those possessing that species of coin , to send them abroad ; and , on the other hand , if the guineas were melted down , the owner would realise an equal profit for his bar of gold . If this law did not cause exportation , there was but one other effect that could be produced by it—that of inducing people to hoard their gold . This certainly could not be looked upon as an advantage ; it was , on the contrary , a very great evil , and was so denominated by every writer on political economy . At the present moment , it was an evil of more than ordinary magnitude , when the government were endeavouring to procure those supplies of bullion which were necessary for the army in the peninsula , and the want of which bad operated not only to the general disadvantage of our forces there , but had occasioned great difficulties to many of the officers employed on that service . Yet , at such a moment , they were enacting a law , which must induce men either to hoard their gold or to send it out of the country . He never beard any ground of necessity alleged for this part of the Bill . Perhaps it was intended to support his fight hon . friend 's third Resolution ; or to prevent two prices in the sale of articles , Now , would there he any great evil , if there were two prices ? For his own part , be knew of none . Two prices existed in this country in former times : for instance , in the reign of king William , when , in consequence of the debasement of the silver currency ( the measure , at that period , of all the commodities of life ) the gold currency was raised to a greater value , in reference to that debasement . Guineas were not