that it was precisely upon pecuniary points that the character of the duke of Marlborough was vulnerable ; whereas upon those points the disinterestedness of lord Wellington was perfectly known ; and in those points he was a truly meritorious servant of the public . We were told that some great statesmen were somewhere to be found who would have done a great deal more in the peninsula , if they had been in office . He did not wish to see those conjurors in office , as he thought that the resources of the country were already strained as far as they would bear in the prosecution of the war . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had , in his defence of ministers , told the House , the other night , that they had spent upwards of eleven millions on this war , in the course of the last eleven months . Now as he was sure that every thing confided to lord Wellington had been employed with judgment , he thought a vote of 10,000l . not too much to reward his great services . He , therefore , entirely concurred in the grant of the sum proposed , and thought that it should be given by a direct vote . declared , that he should deem it an encroachment upon the time and a waste of the attention of the House , if after the opinions expressed and the military criticisms delivered on this occasion , he were to attempt to do more than to state how fully he participated in the admiration felt at lord Wellington 's achievements , and in a sense of the justness of that remuneration which had been proposed . He was inclined to concur most cordially with the proposition , not only on those grounds which had been adverted to , particularly by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Protheroe ) who formed one example of the acquisitions which the new parliament had made , but on others of a more general nature . He concurred in it from a feeling , that we had within the last few years raised ourselves to the same equality at land , more than which we had possessed at sea , and that to the individual to whom we owed this augmentation of glory and advantage , no remuneration could be too 216 splendid or too generous . No man who looked back at what our military policy was some time ago , and compared it with our present views and character , but must see that through the success and merits of lord Wellington we had become a military people , and that by a series of achievements , each rising above the other in grandeur , he had , although yet in the youth of his glory , acquired for himself a renown equal to that of the first captain of his age . When the House looked back to that period at which our warlike preparations were confined to plans of fortifying the Thames instead of driving the enemy beyond the Tormes and the Ebro , they could not fail , not merely to recognise in lord Wellington the decus et tutamen patriæ , ' as one who had not merely formed a school in which others might be taught to succeed and follow him in his career of glory , but to perceive in him at the same time the hero , who , whilst he wielded the thunder of his native land , was the tutelar genius of allied and dependent states , the protector of oppressed and prostrate powers . The picture which history would trace , for the instruction of posterity , would unite , therefore , with the figure of the successful commander , the attributes of a benevolent spirit , extending a guardian influence over recovering , though fallen nations . All must admit , that by the exertion in Spain , Europe had been enabled to reflect on her condition ; and when Buonaparté 's situation , though perhaps not irretrievable , was contemplated , we had not only