being found . But Mr. Russell 's proposal ought to have been rejected with expressions more conciliatory , and the door ought not to have been shut so abruptly upon negociation , with a phrase about maritime rights , such as there were always plenty of ready for use in the Secretary of State 's Office . What was the state of the impressment ? The noble lord said there were about 1,600 American seamen in our service , but had not noticed that there were 16,000 of our seamen , in the service of America : at least ten to one . He stated this to shew that it was even more for our own interest than for the interest of America to call for and court negociation upon the subject of an arrangement upon this point . To shew that we ought not to shut the door upon it , but look anxiously for a settlement . With respect to the American certificates , he narrated a fact which had happened within his own knowledge , which shewed that in this also it was for our benefit to entertain negociation rather than exclude it . In an American ship , in which he arrived at Portsmouth harbour from America , a person came on board to search for British seamen . All the crew produced certificates but one , who was carried off in the boat , upon which the American captain burst into a laugh , and said , `` there , they have taken a man who was never before out of Pensylvania in his life , and who , thinking nobody could doubt it , did not take the precaution of procuring a certificate , and have left three fellows who have not been six months out of a man of war , but have been wiser in this respect . '' This proved , that if America 621 did not call on us , it was our interest to call on America to come to a definitive and satisfactory arrangement on this head . Yet there being even 1,600 Americans in our navy , he conceived to be no captious ground of complaint to an independent slate . What would we say , if 1,600 of our men were shut up for life in the service of America ? Would it not be a good ground for calling on that power for redress ? This was a matter not to be settled by a balance of population , nor ought it to be looked at in that way ; on the contrary , it loudly called for a settlement , by negociation and amicable discussion , for the quiet and benefit of both countries . America , in calling for reparation , in his opinion , only did that which every independent country ought to do for itself , and all the proceedings of the noble lord ( Caslereagh ) which had a tendency to stop the treaty in limine were injurious to both nations . He doubted extremely whether an act of congress could amend the matter , but even if no plan could be devised , discussion ought to be allowed , to shew that the evil was without a remedy . It was true that the two oaths of identity might be evaded , they had proof that they often were evaded , but still they ought to see what could be done—and he thought that even discussion , though unsuccessful in the issue , might now , as in the case of lords Holland and Auckland , have done much towards a settlement of the question . The difficulty was not only as to who were , but what were American citizens , and although it might be very fine to say , no man could shake off his allegiance , yet when they knew that many men were naturalized in America , that principle must be departed from . Various regulations might be adopted to lessen the evil . He conceived it would be right to abstain from impressing on the American coasts , and that when persons were