afterwards fail in accomplishing the whole measure , great mischief will ensue . This step will have excited hopes and expectations in the Roman Catholic mind , which can not be satisfied , and apprehensions and irritation in the Protestant mind , which can not easily be allayed . For these reasons , without entering more into detail , I shall give my vote against the motion . Indeed I feel that I am strongly confirmed in some of my positions by the noble lord , though I have the misfortune to differ from him , in the conclusion to which he came . The noble lord has stated , that the present tone and temper of the Catholics are important circumstances , though he considers them rather as a bar to the immediate completion of this measure than the entering upon . it . So also the right hon . 1032 gentleman , last year , in proposing his Resolution , thought the feelings of the public , whether Protestant or Roman Catholic , a circumstance of essential importance ; for the Resolution was , that this measure might be effected , to the satisfaction of all classes of his Majesty 's subjects . Now , I think , the feelings of one class of his Majesty 's subjects , the Protestants , both of England and Ireland , are pretty clearly shewn , by the Petitions on the table ; and here I beg to express my regret , that , for the first time , those Petitions have been subjected to a scrutiny and sarcasm , unprecedented in this House . I have been astonished to hear the right hon . mover deal so harshly with the Anti-Catholic Petitions from Ireland , and that those criticisms occupied the larger part of his speech . The right hon . mover began with announcing his intention , more particularly , to address himself to an examination of those Petitions , as if the measure itself had been so clear and plain , that there were no difficulties nor impediments , but such as were to be found on the face of the Petitions , to which he referred : and he proceeded to state , that he strongly protested against the high sheriffs of counties in Ireland , lending themselves to any requisition for the convening of the Protestant inhabitants of the different counties , to petition the parliament against their Catholic brethren . He seemed to think the meetings ought to have been general to the whole county . I beg to ask how it would have been possible for the Protestants , in Ireland , to have expressed their opinions or apprehensions to parliament , on this subject , in any other way . For , if the meetings had been general , could there have been any doubt , considering that the Roman Catholics are said to be in the proportion of three to one to the Protestants , that those petitions , whether in favour of , or in opposition to , the Roman Catholic claims , must necessarily have been the Petitions of the Roman Catholics , and not of the Protestants , —the majority of the meeting must have decided its resolutions , and that majority must have been Roman Catholics , —therefore , if the Protestants were to be permitted , at all , to express their opinions , by petition , it could only have been effected in the way it was . But , with respect to the subject of the Petitions , is it fair that the Protestants should have been placed in this dilemma ? If they do not 1033 petition , as was the case last year , it is concluded they are favourable to the claims—and if , to avoid any such mistaken conclusion , they feel themselves actually goaded into petitioning , in order that their real opinions may not be misunderstood and misrepresented , then they are reflected upon as petitioning the parliament against the liberties of their Roman Catholic brethren . With respect to the other petitions against these claims , I again