extinguished the power of the Pope till it should operate merely for religious , and not for political purposes . All , therefore , that was intended to be offered by way of security , appeared to be the fundamental policy of every state : and the Catholics should remember , that the precedent was drawn from the records of those times when their ancestors laid the foundation of our liberties . As authorities have been adduced , ( continued lord Castlereagh , ) to which the House seems inclined to pay every proper attention and deference , it would be a dereliction of the duty which I owe to the character of Mr. Pitt , as well as to my 1023 own feelings and conviction , were I , on the present occasion , interesting as it is , both from the vast importance of the question , and the circumstances under which we are called upon to ; discuss it , to omit staling the opinions of that great statesman ; I must , therefore , with the most perfect candour , declare , that with all the means which I possessed in the full confidence of friendship with Mr. Pitt , I had no reason whatever to suppose , that he did not think the enquiry as proposed to be now instituted into the claims of the Roman Catholics , and the adoption of measures of concession proportionate to the justice of those claims , were not only expedient , wise , and salutary , but fundamentally necessary . I am , at the same time , bound to observe , that he thought the principal objections arising to these concessions , sprang out of the violent and inconsiderate views entertained and expressed by the Roman Catholics themselves . But although these were his sentiments , and to his expression of them , I am at this moment enabled to bear the most unequivocal testimony , I can safely add , that during the whole of my friendly and political intercourse with him , I never could at any one period discover , that the determination of his mind was changed with respect to the proposed concessions to the Roman Catholics , either in the justice or the expediency of the measure . I have , Sir , taken the liberty to be thus explicit , because my confidence and conviction are strengthened , not only by the means I possessed of knowing his mind and feelings , but because my recollection of his opinions is unimpaired . During the present as on all former discussions , the word 'security ' has been used , and used certainly , I admit , with great propriety as far as the true sense of the word respects our establishment in Church and State . If I understand the meaning of the expression , I should not hesitate to call security the adoption of some system , whatever that system may be , which , prevailing as it does in every Catholic country , ought not to be denied to a country , Protestant in the establishment of its civil and political rights , —Protestant in their progressive state , —and Protestant in their present permanence and ultimate prosperity . There is one broad principle which I can never be induced to abandon , —I mean the guards and provisions necessary to be adopted , in order to meet and counteract the interfer- 1024 ence of the court of Rome , with regard to its political opinions , and the dissemination of them in a country which does not entertain religious doctrines of a similar nature . This safeguard , although required by the establishments of Catholic countries themselves , is still more decidedly called for and enforced by the peculiar situation of the Pope , who , being detained by our most inveterate enemy , may be compelled to become the instrument of his perfidious and ambitious views . I should not , in my allusion to the influence of the papal authority , forget to call the attention of the House to the uses and employments to which