great triumph on the part of the emperor of Russia . Would he be equally inclined to consider it a matter of triumph , if Buonaparté should extricate himself from these perils which , in his opinion , was more than probable , and after having found good winter quarters , return to the contest with renovated ardour in the spring ? Could he believe it possible that Russia could continue such a contest , and undergo a repetition of similar dreadful experiments and sacrifices ? Supposing he marched to Petersburgh , which seemed to be his ultimate intention , would the same mode of defence , as at Moscow be adopted ? Could Russia burn another Moscow to prevent its occupation by the enemy ? Would she burn Petersburgh too ? The Russian general Kutusow , speaking of the battle of Borodino , said , that he did not follow up the results of the battle , because he should in that case risk both his own army and the safely of Moscow . The event of the capture of Moscow did , notwithstanding , take place . He , for one , could not greatly admire the magnanimity of burning that , the preservation of which ought to have been fought for ; nor could he see the shining character of the emperor Alexander , who was not , like the emperor of the French , personally sharing in the danger of the war . He could not subdue the conviction which arose in his mind , on viewing all there things , of the utter impossibility of the emperor of Russia feeling any exultation whatever : on the contrary , he thought that unfortunate individual must be oppressed by a view of the irreparable calamities to which himself and his people had been , and were likely , still further , to be exposed . The noble lord , in his almost incomprehensible speech , had next adverted to that which he was pleased to call a victory over the moral feelings of the Spaniards . This was an expression which he felt himself wholly at a loss to understand . Where was the proof of this victory ? Was it to be found in the support which had been given to the Inquisition ? Could it be said that our conduct in treating as traitors the Spaniards who had adhered to the French at Madrid , was the cause of this 167 desirable end ? He should like to know by what right these persons had been thus treated ? Had not their country been betrayed and abandoned , and had not every Spaniard a right to decide whether he would join the French or the English ? In his opinion , to treat them as traitors not only exposed our own partizans to a similar fate , but an act of gross despotism , and an abandonment of all humanity and justice—a species of conduct which would tend more to defeat the moral conquest of Spain , than to the attainment of any other object . But as he said before , where were the proofs of this victory , which had been claimed by the noble lord , to be found ? How many Spaniards had signalized themselves for valour in the field of battle ? It was true that our troops had maintained their ancient character for spirit and heroism , and on this head he felt as proud as any man ; but when he heard all this vaunting and bragging , he should like to hear what the Spaniards had done , or where they had evinced a disposition to support their own cause ? Far different was the opinion of the marquis Wellesley—he had taken a very different view of the war in Spain , and had told us we must look to ourselves for exertion , for from the Spaniards none was to be expected . Under all these circumstances , he was of opinion , if the war was to be carried on , that efforts should be made of a different description to those which had hitherto