a source , to me , of the highest satisfaction , that this alarm has at length subsided ; it is no longer possible to mislead the people by exciting their terrors ; attempts to attain that object have not , on the present occasion , been wanting , but they have been wholly unavailing . I do not deny , Sir , that numerous petitions have been presented to this House against the Catholic claims , and that many of them are entitled to respect ; but , of those which carry , in my mind , by far the greatest weight , ( it does not become me to speak of Ireland or Scotland ) of petitions from the freeholders or inhabitants of counties duly convened by the sheriffs , not more , I believe , than six , have been presented ; and those have not all been adverse to the Catholics . I hold in my hand , Sir , a pamphlet which purports to be the work of a society which has assumed the lofty name of Protestant Union ; union for the purpose of creating disunion . Of those who compose this society I know nothing ; it does not seem very proud of its members , for it has published no list of them , nor of its committee ; it does seem proud of its chairman , and with reason , for his name is dear to humanity . This publication consists principally of resolutions , and of queries put to the Catholics , but , as it appears to have been no part of the plan to obtain answers to these queries , the publication is wisely made at the very moment when it is likely to have its full effect upon the people , immediately before this debate , and when there was no longer any time for the Catholics of Ireland to make a reply to it ; for the first meeting of the society is on the 12th of this month . To this pamphlet is prefixed an Address , sufficiently pompous , in which the society promises to take the country under its protection , to direct the public opinion , and , from time to time , to afford that information , without which the two Houses of Parliament must have remained in such 780 miserable ignorance . The first light , however , which they give us , is somewhat dark , for it consists of anonymous letters . Now , Sir , I can not but think that , when the worthy chairman has had time for cool reflection , he will seriously repent having brought against the Catholics , the heaviest charges , without excepting even that of murder , supported only , by anonymous letters . Sir , the clergy have not shewn , on this occasion , any deficiency of zeal ; their exertions have not been wanting to load your table with petitions against the claims of the Catholics ; Bishops and many high dignitaries , some with mitres on their heads , and some , perhaps , with mitres in their heads , have been active in sounding the alarm . Foremost in this holy crusade , in the front ranks of this army of the high church militant , stands a reverend and very learned prelate , from whose former works I have derived both pleasure and instruction ; but I much doubt whether that , to which I now allude , whatever opinion gentlemen may entertain as to the talents which may be displayed in it , I very much doubt whether it will greatly add to his reputation for candour . Is it becoming in a prelate of the mild Protestant reformed church of England , to thunder out his anathemas against all who may dare to differ from him in opinion ? Is it fitting that he should ascribe their conduct to the most profligate motives ? Can he make no allowance for those who , without his talents , without his learning , may err with the best intentions ? Yet he has declared