its just estimation . of Kerry , declared he knew of no difference between the value of gold or Bank notes , and was always content to receive his rents in the latter . was of opinion that guineas were a very inadequate test of the wealth of a country , and that the present Bill ought to be supported . reprobated the principle upon which the Bill was originally introduced : he said it was not alone inconsistent with that species of policy which the most celebrated writers had advanced as best calculated to uphold the interests of a state , but in direct opposition to , the commercial interests of the country . As to the latter part of the Bill , he considered it a perfect fallacy ; for , to his own certain knowledge , guineas were in the month of October last bought and sold without the slightest attempt at concealment , in the city of which he had the honour to be representative ( Norwich . ) Indeed , so little reserve was observed in the traffic , that it was universally believed that agents were employed by the government for the express purpose of buying guineas . The hon . gentleman concluded by declaring his intention of voting against the Bill . rose to deliver , for the first time , an opinion on a subject which he confessed had not employed much of his attention . He would not assert that the Bill went to the complete abolition of two prices , but they certainly would not exist in the degree that they would do if a free competition were allowed between gold and Bank-notes . said a few words in support of the Bill . rose , and addressed the House for the first time . After remarking on the preposterousness of the position , that twenty-one shillings were in public estimation equivalent to twenty-six , he stated that he should not have obtruded himself on the patience of the House , were he not convinced , that the main cause of this depreciation in our currency was , on all sides , kept out of 292 sight . It was not , as had been asserted , the immense increase of the commerce of England that rendered it impossible to find gold and silver to count up its transactions by , but the enormous amount and portentous increase of the National Debt . The depreciation hinged on that debt ; and every increase of debt would work additional depreciation : our reckonings had passed what could be paid in gold , and every fresh loan , acting as a creation of imaginary property , representable by paper , and on which a paper interest must be paid , accompanied by no real increase of asset whatever , must of necessity spend itself upon the values of our currency . The hon . gentleman said , he was perfectly aware , whilst things could be kept going in their present train , that the paper issues of England could not fall through , as had been the case with those of all other countries—the whole amount of Bank-paper issued being received by government at par for taxes three times in the course of the year—in loans and taxes five times . And from the experience of one district , he could confidently state , that the amount of the whole circulation , public and private , passed at par in direct payments from the subject to the government , much within the period of twelve months—he should think in eight or nine . But still , though this would preserve the system from falling to pieces amongst ourselves , yet our pound of account , being in daily process of meaning less and less—as , of every thing else , so assuredly of gold and silver . In measuring our standard against those of other countries , who have no debt , and a fixed metallic currency—we should be found more and more wanting—more and more unable to circulate guineas at their old rates again . The hon . gentleman said