former debate on the Bill , that there would be a manifest evil in such a change of the office . He would , however , shortly state the views which he himself entertained on the character of the evil of such a change . Every gentleman who heard him , whether a lawyer or not , was well acquainted , that in all modern trials in Chancery the judicial duties of the Lord Chancellor were not only satisfactorily , but splendidly discharged ; but that they would be performed with equal benefit if the proposed alteration were to take place was a proposition to which he could by no means accede . Besides this part of the functions of the Lord Chancellor , there was another which , in his conviction , was of the utmost importance , and which he thought 520 had not hitherto been sufficiently attended to in the discussion on this Bill . As the head of the law of this country , the Lord Chancellor was the patron in some sort of judicial appointments . His recommendation had , it was known , great weight in the nomination of the puisne judges , and the appointment to various offices of the courts of justice , which were termed ministerial , were materially influenced by his opinion . The manner in which the various Lord Chancellors had exercised this authority and influence was the main reason , why , down to the present period , such offices had been held by men of integrity so sound and legal knowledge so extensive . Our seats of justice had been hitherto filled with persons of a learning and character unknown in other countries . That this patronage had been always hitherto so splendidly executed , could not be the effect of accident , for accident was attended with one consequence today and another tomorrow , whereas this state of superiority had been regular and invariable . The inherent source must be in the character and constitution of the office . He would , therefore , ask , what was it ? The , Lord Chancellor was always one of the most eminent lawyers of his day : and why ? because the great and important duties of his office necessarily required that he should be so . He had always filled the seats of justice with persons of merit , integrity , and legal learning ; because , having lived all his life with lawyers , his knowledge and feelings as well as his honour prompted him to attend only to legal merit in his selection of individuals to fill the subordinate , although not less important offices of the law , and his recommendation of them to appointments . If this was true , did they not , by the alteration in question , hazard a change in these results ? Surely , it behaved the House to enquire if the advantages which the country had heretofore derived from the existing character and constitution of this great law officer would or would not be put in jeopardy by the present measure . If the Chancellor 's situation were , as he contended it ought to be , considered as primarily political , and secondarily judicial , would not the judicial seat be likely to be conferred on those who had most aptitude for the primary duties ? If the choice were thus to be directed by political consequence and political connection , the effect would be , that when a lawyer saw that it was not legal eminence but other talents 521 and other qualities which led to the judicial seat , all persons of talent would be drawn from the law to seek after political distinction.—Lawyers observing that eminence was to be obtained , not , as heretofore , by professional learning and skill , but by other qualities , would withdraw themselves from the acquisition of legal knowledge , and apply themselves to the attainment of political science , character , and influence.—Thus would a most material change be affected in the whole judicial constitution of the country , —a change which all must