taken elsewhere , the ship in which they were should on its return to port make a return of their names to the American consul , in order that proper enquiry might be made . On the other hand , he asked , supposing America was at war with France , and this country at peace , would we consent to all our citizens being impressed who could not produce certificates ? He agreed that no proposal had been made to government which they could accept ; but contended , that a more conciliatory spirit should have been shewn , which would have gone far to induce America to put an end to 622 the war . The hon . gentleman then adverted to the conduct of the war , which he condemned as not being sufficiently vigorous ; which if it had been , it would have produced such a state of distress in America as would have led to an inclination for peace . The conduct of the war it could not be denied was intimately connected with the question of its continuance . All that had yet been done had a tendency to prolong the contest . The loss of our frigates , for instance , was a sore disappointment in this country , and might tend to the prolongation of hostilities on the part of America . Such circumstances strengthened the war party in that country and rendered the state of hostilities more popular than it would otherwise have been . Without going into detail , he would say that with 145,000 seamen ( in spite of all that had been advanced by an official writer , who had maintained a news-paper controversy on the subject under the signature of Nereus ) , we ought to have blockaded the whole American force ; for which there never was a coast more favourable than that of the United States . The Chesapeake and New York presented no obstacles to unremitted blockade ; and the Delaware and Boston were equally assailable in this way , except for a short space during the winter months . He was sure no part of the coast of France presented such facilities . Government were not taken by surprise , and yet they had nothing on the seas to meet half a dozen American frigates.— ( Hear , from ministers . ) He did not know where the blame attached ; they might throw it upon their officers , but he was sure censure was deserved somewhere . As for the excuse set up of our forces being so much employed elsewhere—these were military and not naval forces , and therefore furnished no excuse for inefficiency in the present instance . Of the latter we should have had a sufficiency disposable . In June the war commenced , and the American frigates cruized without interruption , till they assembled again altogether in Boston , whence commodore Rodgers sailed again with his squadron in the middle of October . There were also great complaints from the West Indies of the depredations committed by American privateers . For these things he censured ministers , but concluded by bestowing an unmixed tribute of applause on the sagacity and vigour displayed in the defence of Canada . ( late ambassador 623 to the United States ) declared he had at all times used his most zealous endeavours to promote peace and a good understanding between the countries , and he deeply regretted that the negociations had ended in hostility . There was one point in the speech of the hon . gentleman who last addressed them , which he felt called on to notice . The hon . gentleman had said , that if the Orders in Council had been repealed in time , hostilities would have been prevented . But , besides the Orders in Council , there were certainly various grievances dwelt on in a very odious manner by that country ; ( grievances many of which had been previously settled , ) and other complaints raised about the conduct of the British legation , which he need not say to this House or