last session , stating , that it would take into consideration the laws affecting the Roman Catholics , with a view to such final conciliatory adjustment as might be conducive to the peace and strength of the united kingdom , to the stability of the Protestant establishment , and to the general satisfaction and concord of all classes of his Majesty 's sub- 1057 jects . Now ( proceeds the answerer ) , what Mr. Butler forgot to mention is , first , that this resolution , which was carried in the House of Commons by no very large majority , when proposed in the House of Lords , was rejected . '' So says the answerer . Far be it from me to apply to him , or to any other respectable man , the charge of 'suppressing truth , or 'suggesting falsehood.5 But that at the very moment when he was preferring against another the charge of suggesting falsehood , ' he should himself speak of the majority , by which the resolution of last session was carried in the House of Commons , as no very large majority'—a majority of one hundred and twenty-nine , '—a majority , as every man at all observant of the proceedings of this House well knows , of very unusual magnitude ; —I that at the very moment of accusing another of suppressing truth , he should state the rejection of that resolution by the House of Lords , as more than counterbalancing this majority of the House of Commons , and sink , at the same time , the material fact , that it was rejected only by the smallest of all conceivable majorities , —a majority of one proxy ; —these are oversights which plainly shew that there must be something so blinding in controversial zeal , as to mislead even the most ingenuous minds into accusations and assertions very ill assorted with each other . A little onward I find another instance of that quick perception of the error of an antagonist , and that unconsciousness of one 's own , which characterizes disputatious controversy . Mr. Butler has , it seems , attempted a `` set-off '' of Protestant against Catholic persecutions : —an unjustifiable and unprofitable mode of argument , I admit ; and to be discountenanced with all the indignation which his adversary properly expresses against it . But is it not whimsical that , in the very midst of the vehemence of that indignation , the adversary should not be able to refrain from falling into the very fault which he was reprehending ? Mr. Butler states , that `` Servetus was burned by Calvin . '' The fact , I am afraid , is true . The inference ( if Mr. Butler intend such an inference ) of a `` set-off '' would be unjustifiable . But how does the answerer treat this argument ? `` Would not Servetus have been burned ( says he ) if he had remained in Spain ? '' As if the fault of this horrible murder had lain , not in the cruelty of the persecutors , but in the peculiarly 1058 combustible nature of the victim ! Surely it is not thus that Mr. Butler 's practice of `` set-offs '' is to be exposed and brought to shame ! These , I say , Sir , are instances which shew how much the best and ablest of men deceive themselves , when their passions and prejudices are called into activity , by an honest , though mistaken zeal , for , what they may think , the vital interests of the establishment , to which they belong . And when I speak of interest , let me not be supposed to mean that sordid species of interest , which I have heard attributed to the clergy , in the course of this debate , as if they were alive only to the emoluments and dignities of the church , and not solicitous about its purity of doc trine , and sober excellence of discipline . I acquit them , from my heart , of motives