He comes with a petition from the corporation of Dublin to exclude their Catholic brethren from the franchises of the constitution . But is this his only purpose ? or does he approach us with one hand only full ? No , Sir , while , in his right hand , he waves the prohibitory scroll which is to exorcise the Roman Catholic from the pale of the state , with the other he tenders a petition against the monopoly of the East India Company . Down with monopoly in trade ; but live the monopoly of power ! 1060 Sir , it would have been most edifying to hear that debate , in the corporation of Dublin , in which these two petitions were proposed and agreed upon . It would have been curiou.5 to behold the countenances of the orators , who , in one and the same sitting , advanced and enforced claims so opposite , in their fundamental principles , to each other . I am at a loss to conceive how they could travel , with a grave face , from their animating exordium in favour of general liberty , of equal rights to citizens of the same country , and subjects of the same king ; from their dissertation on the injustice of exclusion and the odiousness of monopoly , to the bi-forked inference—therefore let us petition to be admitted into a free participation of the East India company 's trade , and therefore let us petition for the continued exclusion of Catholics from the state . The two petitions which were the subject of this contemporaneous decision , must have been so mixed up in the minds of the orators , that they would insensibly be led to defend their policy , on the one , by the arguments of their antagonists on the other , and to strengthen their case against the Catholics with topics borrowed from the Court of Directors . `` The Catholics ( they would say ) are already admitted , as far as they can safely be admitted , into the commerce and intercourse of the state . Admit them farther , —allow them to penetrate into the interior of the constitution , —and there is no saying what disturbances they will excite , what ravages they will perpetrate . The corporation of Dublin is a chartered company : and charters are serious things . We will not take our charter again , if Catholics are permitted to approach our hall : and then , where will you get another Dublin corporation ? There are , indeed , some , losing branches of trade , such as rates and taxes , which we will freely throw open to our Catholic brethren : but power and profit are out-exclusive privileges ; emolument must be sacred from the inroads of adventurers ; and office is the very China of the constitution ! '' Those , Sir , who object to any alteration at any time in the laws affecting the Roman Catholics , who contend that we ought to remain precisely at the point at which we have arrived , must , in consistency , call upon us to retrace our steps , and to revert to the original policy on which these laws were framed . The miserable remnant of the system , composed as it is of shreds 1061 and patches wholly without order or relation to each other , can never satisfy those who really think effective coercion , necessary ; who admire , in the wisdom of our ancestors , that active intolerance and vigorous persecution , which kept down the Catholic by keeping down the man ; which checked the course of bad politics , by stunting national prosperity , and prohibiting the growth of population . They must be aware bow utterly inefficacious the present state of the laws is , compared with that from which it has degenerated ; and however they may suppress the fond exclamation , they mast , in secret , sigh for the return of those times , when the brand of Catholic disability was flagrant and unmitigated ;