Chancellor , the Lord Chancellor was of all persons the last who ought to sit in that House as the presiding and most efficient judge . The hon . gentleman concluded with moving as an Amendment . That the Bill be taken into consideration that day six months . observed , that the Bill professed to be the best remedy that could be devised for an evil felt to exist , the stagnation of the legal business in the House of Lords . And what was this remedy ? —to completely new model the Court of Chancery , a court , the transactions in which were so deeply interesting to the public . With respect to the delays which had taken place in the Court of Chancery itself , and the consequent arrear of causes , they were ascribed by different people to different causes : while some attributed them to the indecision of the noble and learned lord now at the head of that court , or to the interruption which he experienced from his political and other avocations—avocations unprecedented in former times , and even in the earlier part of his own time , —others traced them solely and exclusively to the general increase of business in the Court of Chancery itself . He would abstain from comparing the number of decrees made by the present with the number made by former chancellors ; but he would compare the remedies proposed for the existing evil . Undoubtedly , the conception of the Bill before the House was not very profound or ingenious . If any mechanic , who had more orders than he could execute , were to complain to his neighbour that he had more business than he could attend to , the answer would certainly be , '' get a journeyman : '' and what more did the present Bill propose : but 474 that which might be very suitable to an ordinary case was quite inapplicable to the delicate and important functions under consideration . The question was , from what part of his duties the Lord Chancellor might be relieved with the least risk to the public service ? Why had the Chancellor been always considered as the highest individual in the profession ? —because the law of the Chancery Court was lex non scripta : it was a law created by the presiding power in the court . It was , therefore , that individuals , the most distinguished for their profound legal acquirements , had always been selected to fill that high office . A long and continuous chain of these illustrious men , by supporting and confirming their mutual decisions , had succeeded in erecting a system by which they had established the property of the country , and secured to it a code of equity pure and unrivalled . If parliament were to break through this prescriptive wisdom ; if they were to dismiss from the Court of Chancery the mace and the great seal ; to overturn every thing that had been achieved , and substitute some inferior authority , who could foretell the dangers that might ensue : And , let the amount of these dangers be what it might , was it evident that the object of the Bill would be effected r The supporters of the Bill were placed in this dilemma : —if there was to be no appeal from the new officer about to be created to the Lord Chancellor , then would arise the evils of submitting such a jurisdiction to an inferior legal authority . If there was to be an appeal , on what rational ground could the House suppose that any one would be satisfied with a decision of less weight than that of the Chancellor , and therefore how would his business be lessened ? In the one case , therefore , the Bill would prove mischievous , in the other nugatory . It would afford no relief , or it would be productive of two delays instead of one ; the oracle would be got at at last . In his opinion the bankruptcy , which had little