as every Englishman must be familiar with it , from having read the Gazette with the highest interest and delight over and over again ; he would repeat that this was a victory achieved after manœuvres the most complicated , where two armies were long in sight of each other , each observing what the other did , and trying , by every effort of military skill , to take advantage of any errors that might occur . The greatness of his mind was the admiration of all Europe . In him was seen a general not tenacious of what might be said by his enemies , not putting to risk his army to maintain a particular position , but saying to himself and to his government , `` I will 156 even do that which must at all times be painful to a commander , I will retreat before the enemy . I will even retreat to Ciudad Rodrigo , rather than give any advantage to the enemy ; but if , in the course of my retreat , I can take any opportunity of attacking him with a prospect of success ; —if his weakness , or my address , should enable me to take any advantage of him , without committing my own army , without committing my country , and above all without commuting that great interest entrusted to my care , then will I revenge the crimes by which France has disgraced herself ; and attacking the enemy with that spirit and firmness which belongs to my nature , make him feel what my countrymen are capable of effecting in such a cause . `` —Such had been the object , and such was the language of our illustrious commander ; and the proud and ever-memorable victory of Salamanca grew out of this resolution . He asked the House , whether he had not faithfully performed the promised object , by a battle , than which there was never one fought more nobly , or with more advantage to the common cause ? Twenty thousand men had been put hors de combat ; and the advantage would have been still greater , had not night , and the force of nature , interfered to prevent all those results which were aspired after . The loss of the French army in the fight , and through the consequences which naturally resulted from it , could not be estimated at less than the above number . He contended , that the plan of campaign , as originally conceived by lord Wellington , ( which did not aspire to effect the total expulsion of the enemy , whose expulsion , on military principles , was not to be expected , even from a victory glorious as that of Salamanca ) had been perfectly realized . The object of lord Wellington 's operations in the north was to force the enemy to quit his hold of the country in the south , and to do that which the French officers were instructed by their government never to do , if it could by possibility be avoided , namely , to raise the siege of Cadiz . The French government was afraid of the moral effects of their raising the siege of Cadiz , and hence these orders ; as they believed that while they appeared in strength before Cadiz , the world would give them credit for being strong in Spain . He put it to the House , then , if the operations of lord Wellington had not compelled the enemy to abandon the siege of Cadiz , 157 the whole of Andalusia , and left them without any force to the westward of Alicant . What was the situation of Spain at present ? Lord Wellington had said , that but for one unfortunate circumstance the success of the campaign would have been certain . Success would have been certain , had not the French collected the whole of their disposable force , amounting to not less than 70 or 80,000 men , upon the Tormes , and compelled lord Wellington prudentially to make a retreat ,