any thing occurred , since that pledge , which ought to change the opinions of individuals ? I think not . Is it in the conduct of the Catholics ? Did 972 not the last House make their pledge in the face of declarations , on the part of the Catholics , more violent and intemperate , and more remote from conciliation than any act of theirs since , I had almost said , than any act of theirs , before that time ? The House acted wisely in so doing and with becoming dignity . If the question is fit to be entertained , it is so upon public grounds , and on considerations of general expediency ; and the House I hope will never allow itself to be deterred from adopting measures , which have such objects in view , by the intemperate conduct of a few turbulent individuals . But the table is covered with petitions from the Protestants of the empire . I should be the last man in the House to say that the opinions of constituents , expressed in such petitions , are not intitled to the greatest deference and respect ; but the form of the constitution is representative , and by it the duty and the responsibility of deliberation and decision , rests with the House , and not with the people at large ; and honourable members would ill perform their duty , towards those who sent them here , if , when they have , upon full and mature consideration , made up their minds , upon a great and important question like the present , they hesitate to act upon their honest conviction , even though they should unfortunately differ in opinion with those whom they represent in this House . Although I wish the Catholic claims to be considered , I never will admit those claims to stand upon the ground of right . To maintain that the legislature of a country has not a right to impose such political disabilities upon any class of the community , as it may deem necessary for the welfare and safety of the whole , would be to strike at once , at the fundamental principles , on which civilized government is founded . If I thought the Catholics were asking for their rights , I for one would not go into the committee . What , would it be becoming for the British parliament to say to the Catholics , we allow that what you ask of us are only your just and natural rights , but we will not freely and liberally grant them : we will go into a committee to barter with you , for the concession of these admitted rights , to see under what conditions , with what modifications , and subject to what restrictions these rights can be sanctioned by us ? Such conduct would at once be inconsistent and unjust ; I wish the few honourable members who 973 maintain this doctrine of right , to weigh well all the consequences , to which it is calculated to lead . Putting this question , however , entirely upon the ground of expediency , I can not concur with those who think that they have proved the expediency of continuing the Catholic disabilities now , by shewing that they were necessary in the times , when they were originally imposed . These disabilities are not the rule of the constitution , but an exception from that rule ; their necessity , in one century , is no evidence of their expediency in another ; and it is as much incumbent upon those , who now contend for their continuance , to shew that they are required , for the present security of the state , as it was upon those , who first framed them , to prove the necessity of their original enactment . But , what are the dangers which have been anticipated from a repeal of this system ? I am happy to find that , in this debate at least , little stress has been laid , by the opposers