is resisted by the Roman Catholics themselves ; for they call it persecution , and inadmissible control ; they refuse even to subject their church discipline to state inspection ; as we may collect from the Declaration of the Roman Catholic prelates at Dublin in November , 1812 , and also from the explicit language contained in the publication of Mr. Clinch , whom they have avowed and adopted by a formal resolution as their advocate and champion . And as this plan is also acknowledged to involve a repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts , such concessions will on the other hand dissatisfy the Protestant Church of England ; so that if the Roman Catholics are not gained , and the Protestants are dissatisfied , the whole professed object of conciliation is lost . The third plan , that of the noble viscount ( lord Castlereagh ) is for bringing the Roman Catholics within the reach of political power , with safety to the Protestant establishment , by obtaining the sanction and concurrence of the head of the Roman Catholic church , to such arrangements as shall be satisfactory to both parties . But this is admitted at the present time to be wholly impracticable , if desirable , and may be fairly laid out of the question for all present purposes . Such then are the three plans of which the different supporters have all concurred in voting for this committee ; but where two parties out of three can not attain their object , and the third party are by no means agreed upon its extent , or upon the mode of executing it . With respect to the measure itself , as now proposed , I object altogether to its form and character . We are required to begin with a sweeping repeal of all known securities , upon the faith of other securities as yet unknown . Our surrender is to be instant and nearly entire ; the provision for self-defence is to be subsequent and precarious . What is the proposed grant , when drawn out into particulars ? The doors of both Houses of parliament , of the privy council , of the judicial bench , and all corporate magistracy , are at once to be laid open ; and the Test Act in England , which the Prince of Orange expressly insisted upon retaining at the Revolution , is to be abolished . All these are fearful changes . For old checks , as it appears to me , may nevertheless be good against new dangers ; and what protected us at one 1206 time from a pretender to the throne , may not be useless at another time against the domestic disturber , or the foreign invader and subverter of empires . Then as to the securities.—We are told that we have the present oaths , and that we shall have some control over the Roman Catholic clergy and their foreign intercourse . Of the oaths I do not mean to speak lightly , or of the conscientious sense in which they may be taken by honourable men . But we can not be blind or deaf to all that is to be seen and heard upon this subject . We see in England no very great eagerness to take these oaths , if we may judge by the recent statement of the oaths taken by Roman Catholics , and returned to the privy council under the act of 1791 ; for during the last ten years there appears to have been but one solitary instance . And however specific the language of these oaths and asseverations , there have not been wanting many explanatory distinctions to do away their effect : some are said to be solemn and serious , some serious but not solemn ; we have some that are active and some that are passive ; and in Ireland , the hon . baronet opposite to me ( sir John Hippisley ) well knows that ecclesiastical monitions have been issued to warn the Roman Catholics from unwarily thinking these oaths more extensively binding than they really are