it was a real grievance to an independent state . He knew that the blockade of 1806 had excited much jealousy and alarm , and that Mr. Monroe had remonstrated against it . Mr. Fox , however , in whom the American government 631 and every other foreign cabinet had the fullest confidence , clearly demonstrated the perfect conformity of that blockade to all the principles of international laws . The question of impressment was then canvassed , and had the councils of this country remained under the guidance of the same men , a different result would probably have followed . Mr. Pinckney was , indeed , then instructed to sign no treaty without an express stipulation on this head , and when it was considered , however respectfully he wished to speak of British officers , that we had numerous commanders all exercising an unlimited power in this respect , it was obvious that abuses must take place , and that the soreness which America felt was the natural effect of those abuses . As to what had been said by the noble lord about certificates , and the horrid perjuries and frauds to which they Jed , ( equalled only by the perjuries and frauds committed under our licence system ) it did not appear that they were , in any shape , the acts of the government , but of one individual , who might possibly act from himself without any connection with the government of America . If it appeared that the noble lord had remonstrated , and the remonstrance had produced no effect , the case would then stand upon a different footing . Much had been said about the naturalization of subjects British born , or of denationalizing them , to adopt the French expression introduced by the noble lord . But this was a practice not altogether peculiar to America , and consequently the more difficult of adjustment . There were two acts upon our statute books , by which every foreigner who served two years in any vessel , military or merchant , was entitled to every protection of a natural subject of this realm . One of these statutes was the 6th Anne , 20th clause . Now , how did the case stand under this Act ? He apprehended , if an American had served two years in our navy , and the vessel in which he sailed were boarded by an American who claimed that individual , he would be entitled to the protection of this country , and the government would have a right to refuse his being given up . It appeared then that we ourselves acted on a still broader principle than America , for the Act required no oath , or any thing more than a simple statement of the fact of service . Why then quarrel with America for doing that which we ourselves had a law for 632 doing ? It required a residence of six years in America to give a person the right of citizenship , while we could take all her subjects by a service of only two years in our navy . In whatever way , however , the question might be decided , he certainly saw no objection to a discussion of it , with a view to an amicable adjustment ; and in that he agreed with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , that even during the continuance of war , and the actual exercise of the right , his Majesty 's government might negociate with the American government , and he should certainly conceive that the noble lord would be greatly to blame if he did not endeavour even now to open a negociation on the subject . He could not help expressing his strong reprehension of the attempts which had been made to attribute the line which America had pursued , to the effects of French influence , and to insinuate that she had basely seized that moment when the power of France , antecedent to the attack on Russia , had arrived at the very acme of perfection ,