conciliated , and there is no doubt but all ranks of society , whether Irish or British , will join with one heart and one hand to drive that scourge of mankind , ( I was going to say , ) to the devil . He must be resisted , as well as those erroneous people of America ; but if you divide the country you can not go on . As courage and virtue are alike common to all his Majesty 's subjects , they ought equally to enjoy the advantages of the constitution . These are my sentiments , and these are the sentiments of a great and loyal county , consisting of eleven thousand electors , who did me the honour of sending me here , and of giving me the opportunity of expressing my sentiments . I have now to express my thanks for the indulgence which has been granted me by the House , whose pardon I beg for having so long trespassed on their attention . I can not , however , conclude , without expressing my accordance with the feeling expressed by the hon . baronet who spoke last—I mean , with regard to the necessity of investigation hereafter . To that investigation I think it highly necessary the attention of the House should be seriously devoted . Let the time come when it will , I shall form my judgment as an independent man ; I will look to measures and not to men , and if I find my best friend adopt measures , of the utility of which I am not theroughly convinced , I will vote against him.—I will invariably act according to the dictates of my conscience ; I will not be led away by party ; I will ride my own horse , and will not be made the stalking-horse of others.—If ministers are able to prove that they have furnished the marquis of Wellington with all the adequate means in their power for pursuing his military career , I will vote in their favour ; but if , on the contrary , I find they have failed in their duty , I will oppose them . As I said before , I will support measures , not men . '' thought it would be no more than proper that some further pecuniary provision should be made for the marquis of Wellington . If any delicacy was felt in these times of distress to apply to the public for this remuneration for the brilliant services which had been achieved , the purpose might be answered , as in the case of the duke of Marlborough , by the grant of some royal manor . He 170 was aware that this step must , of necessity , emanate from his royal highness the Prince Regent , but when the services performed by the illustrious person to whom he alluded were considered , he apprehended no opposition whatever would be given to such a proposal . remarked , that the observations of the hon . gentleman were not strictly applicable to the question before the House . It was not improbable , however , that he might hereafter be charged with some proposition of the sort . was disposed fully to agree with the House in returning Thanks to the marquis of Wellington for the services he had performed . As the noble mover had gone into many other subjects , however , the merits of which he was not disposed to admit , he rose for the purpose of expressing a hope , that , in according with the present vote , he might not be supposed at all to agree with many of the things which the noble lord had thrown out . These he considered perfectly open to the House to examine hereafter . The Resolution was then put and carried nem . con.—As were also the following : `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lieut . gen. sir Stapleton Cotton , lieut . gen. James Leith , lieut . gen. the hon . Galbraith Lowry Cole ; and to major generals