, unless he had a rational prospect of its being carried , with that general concurrence , which would have enabled parliament to gratify one party , without awakening the fears , or exciting the jealousies of the other ; because , as he truly stated , if brought forward under other circumstances , it would only tend to revive the animosities which he wished to extinguish , and aggravate the difficulties which he was desirous to remove . He added , that , looking at the opinions of the times , the situation of the public mind , and the sentiments of all descriptions and classes , he should act inconsistently with his duty , and even upon those grounds upon which he had originally thought the measure should be brought forward , if he did not negative a similar motion to that now moved by the right hon . gentleman . Such were the sentiments and such was the language of Mr. Pitt , in 1805 ; and yet , in 1805 , when he delivered and acted upon that opinion , the table of the House had not been loaded , as it has recently been , with the petitions of the Protestants , on the one hand , nor had the Roman Catholics refused to grant any securities on the other . Sir ; in the firm conviction that the objects in view are now unattainable , I can not consent to go into a committee , and thereby open a door to all the mischiefs arising from religious animosities , the extent of which no man can calculate or foresee . I can not consent to it , because I am persuaded , the consequence would be , to excite the hopes of the Roman Catholics , in the same proportion with the jealousies and the fears of the Protestants ; instead of gratifying both , to indispose the one and not satisfy the other ; and to add , at this moment of exigency , to the greatest of all evils , which can befal a nation , disunion amongst ourselves . in explanation , said—Sir , my right hon . friend has misstated ( certainly not intentionally ) what I said . I did not say that there was a Memorandum among my right hon . friend 's official papers , declaring that I was of opinion that all privileges demanded by the Catholics could be granted , with perfect 949 security , to the Protestant establishment . I am in the recollection of the House whether I stated any such thing ; what I did say was , and I now repeat it—that I had , a very considerable time ago , in 1811 , transmitted a Memorandum to my right hon . friend , in which I gave my opinion that the Catholic question could not remain as it was—that I pressed the cabinet to take the subject into their most serious consideration , and to form upon it , an arrangement , which should be final . I did not presume to dictate what that arrangement should be , but I expressed a decided opinion that an arrangement must be made , and I detailed the reasons which induced me to think so . It was of course for my right hon . friend to take such steps upon the memorandum as he thought fit , but I am certain , if he examines his papers he will find it , and I am surprised that he has forgotten it . said he had not seen the memorandum alluded to . said , that the right hon . gentleman who spoke last had talked much of the alarm he felt lest the laws established by the Roman Catholic clergy should interfere with those of government ; but if due enquiry had been made , it would be found that they had rather a concurrent than an opponent jurisdiction . The fears expressed lest the Pope should recover his power were equally futile : for what authority could that man exert over others , who could not command himself ? A