of the years 1810 and 1811 , the Master of the Rolls had heard in each year , 370. litigated causes , and of petitions not of consent had settled 670 , which were equal to twice 30 causes . But taking them as being equal only to 30 causes , this made up 400 causes decided by the Master of the Rolls within one year . But , it was proved by evidence before the House , that the Master of the Rolls had a great part of his time occupied in other business besides that of equity . In how many juridical days did the House suppose the Master of the Rolls disposed of those 400 litigated causes ? In 120 juridical days . The Master of the Rolls sat in equity no greater number of days in the course of the year . The days that he did sit too , were improperly termed days ; they were but the fractions of days . He sat , in reality , but 20 juridical days in the course of a year , and the other days on which he did sit were but fractions of a day , namely , from six to ten in the evening . Then , in how long a period would a judge , sitting juridical days , subdue this arrear ? The Chancellor 's regular juridical day consisted of six hours ; 200 juridical days of the Lord Chancellor , therefore , were equal to 300 of the Master of the Rolls ' days ; and , of course , a person sitting 200 juridical days of six hours each , would decide three times the number of causes now decided by the Master of the Rolls within the year ; that is to say , 1,200'causes of the same nature , with the 400 at present decided by him . But in answer to this , it might be said the causes so decided by the Master of the Rolls were not of the same difficulty with the causes now in arrear , that they were neither so important and complicated as the Appeals before the House of Lords , nor in their nature so weighty and momentous as those heard in the Court of Chancery , and that therefore this assumption did not hold good . He would grant the argument to a certain length ; but suppose three , however , to be only equal to one , and thus reduce the 1,200 to one third , still , on the principle now laid down , the same judge might within the year dispose of 400 difficult causes Suppose also that the present increase had been produced in ten years , and that one year would be 525 sufficient to bring up the arrear , it followed that the assistant judge would in future render all the aid to the Lord Chancellor , which , by the present Bill , it was meant he should afford , in the tenth part of each year ; and , when the increase which had already accumulated , was subdued , that only one tenth part of the time of such assistant judge would be necessary for the dispatch of the business which he would have to execute . He would allow , however , that this was an exaggerated view of the subject , and would for argument 's sake admit that even one fourth part of the time of this assistant judge should be employed : he asked , was not this likely to lead to the evil to which he had already alluded ? Would not three-fourths , or say one half of his time , after the discharge of the arrear , be unemployed , unless he were to devote it to the execution of those duties which had hitherto employed the Lord Chancellor in the Court of Chancery . Was it not to be expected , that some other part of the ordinary business of the Lord Chancellor would be thrown upon him ? Gentlemen might say , this was not a legitimate argument , and that