noble lord ( Arden ) who now held the situation of Registrar , was 200,000l . and for which no security was taken . It had been conceded last session , by a late right hon . gentleman , who was certainly interested in the profits of the office , for the reversion of it was vested in him , he meant Mr. Perceval , 656 that the situation required to be regulated , and indeed he proposed to regulate it much more extensively than it was the object of the present Bill to do , which merely went to assimilate the practice of the court of Admiralty in securing suitors ' money , to the practice of the high court of Chancery . The hon . and learned member concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to regulate the office of Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty and the Court of Appeals for Prizes . said , that he certainly should not oppose the Bill in that stage of it , hut that if it should prove to be a similar one to that brought in last session , he should feel himself compelled to oppose it in every part of its progress.—Leave was then given to bring in the Bill . presented a Petition from the in habitants of Chester against the Catholic Claims.—Lord Kenyon presented a Petition to the same effect from the gentry , clergy , freeholders , and other inhabitants of the county of Denbigh , which his lord ship staled was agreed to at a county meeting , with only one dissentient voice , that of a person who read a letter from an hon . baronet , the member for the county , whose opinions were hostile to the object of the Petition . His lordship also presented a similar Petition from the county of Merioneth.—Viscount Bulkeley presented a similar Petition from the county of Carnarvon . Ordered to lie on the table ; as were also a Petition from Worcester , presented by the earl of Coventry , and a Petition from the inhabitants of Exeter , also against the Catholic Claims , presented by lord Rolle.—The earl of Radnor presented two Petitions to the same effect , one from the corporation and the other from the inhabitants of Salisbury.—The noble earl then presented another Petition to the same effect , from Wallingford , which his lordship stated to be signed by four out of six aldermen , 13 out of 18 assistants , the clergy of the three parishes , the ministers of three dissenting congregations , all the traders of the town , and a majority of the voters.—Lord Holland presented a Petition from Wallingford in favour of the Catholic Claims , which his lordship stated to be signed by the mayor , the recorder , and several respectable persons . presented a Petition from the inhabitants of Lewes and its neighbourhood , which his lordship stated to be signed by upwards of 4,000 persons , including many dissenters . wished to know what means had been employed to obtain the signatures , no public meeting having been held ? said , he had the Petition from lord Chichester , who was unable to attend , and who had stated to him , the facts which he had now mentioned . presented a Petition from the Protestants of the county of Meath against the Catholic Claims , stating , that he dissented from the prayer of the Petition . stated , that a Petition would , he understood , shortly arrive , signed by a majority of the property and respectability of the county of Meath , in favour of the Catholic Claims . presented a Petition from the Protestants of the county of Sligo against the Catholic Claims . His lordship took the opportunity of stating , that he had previously voted for going into a committee on the Catholic Claims , but the recent conduct of the Catholics , in openly avowing that they would consent to no securities , had rendered him hostile to their Claims . His lordship then read part of