, and the present earl of Buckinghamshire his secretary , both now members of the cabinet . They set every engine to work at county meetings , grand juries , & c. to resist the Irish Catholic claims for election suffrage , and afterwards they left their friends in the lurch , and in the very next year 1793 , the Irish government brought in a Bill to grant the Catholics , not only elective suffrage , but more than they had asked . The hon . baronet concluded with many more appropriate observations , and thanked the House for their indulgence at so late an hour , and after so many luminous speeches . —Sir , impelled by a strong sense of public duty , I would venture to solicit , for a few moments , that indulgence which I trust the House is not disinclined to shew , to one recently admitted within its walls . On a former occasion , when , in the discharge of the duty I owed my constituents , it had fallen to me to present , to the House , a petition from the borough I have the honour to represent , praying that the claims of the Roman Catholics to further political power might not be conceded , I shortly stated that my own sentiments , on this vitally important national question , were strictly in unison with those then expressed by my constituents . Though there is no member of this House more unfeignedly desirous than myself , to see the doors of parliament opened wide to the representations of the subject , and to enter into the serious and dispassionate investigation of grievances complained of by the people , I yet feel myself imperatively called upon to give my decided negative to the motion of the right hon . gentleman last night submitted to the House , recommended , as I admit it to be , by an animation , a fervor , and an eloquence , on the part of the right hon . mover , which , whilst it excited my admiration in art eminent degree , proportionably induced equal regret at the necessity I feel , of giving to it my strenuous opposition . In the view I take of this question , it becomes me manfully to avow my opinion that 879 concession has already reached its utmost limits , and that it would be utterly unsafe to admit , into the councils of the state , those who hold tenets at variance with a Protestant creed , and subversive of a Protestant ascendancy . I can not consent to go into a committee from which I expect no satisfactory result—I am sure the House can not come , with any prospect of a final and conciliating adjustment of rival interests . I owe it to the Catholics themselves , not to excite hopes , which I believe , will terminate in the bitterness of disappointment : I owe it to the Protestant community of this country not to turn my back upon the petitions they have presented to this House praying against the concession of the Catholic claims . In every view of the subject , I feel myself compelled to vote against the proposition of the right hon . gentleman for going into a committee . rose amidst loud cries of Question ! The right hon . baronet observed , that as there were very many members who were anxious to speak on the question , he should move an adjournment of its consideration to Monday . remarked , that as it would be quite impossible to come to a conclusion on this important question that night , it appeared to him , that the only point of consideration was , whether the House would then adjourn , or at a later hour.—The motion for deferring the further consideration of the question to Monday , was then put and carried.—Adjourned at two o'clock on Saturday morning . rose and said , that if the question had been left to the consideration of the House , under the circumstances , and in the form