several persons wrecked on an unknown rock in the Bay of Bengal . He had references for character to admiral Hunter , lord Erskine , the hon . Henry Erskine , and several other respectable individuals . He hoped that the Admiralty would of themselves take this case into consideration , and prevent its coming before the House . On the suggestion of the Speaker , the Petition was withdrawn , for the purpose of endeavouring to state the circumstances of the case with greater brevity . presented a Message from the Prince Regent , expressing his royal high-ness 's desire to render aid to the people of Russia , suffering in consequence of the invasion of France , and recommending to the House to concur in that object . [ See proceedings of the Commons ] . His Royal Highness 's Message was ordered to be taken into consideration tomorrow . gave notice of his intention , at an early period after the holidays , to present a Bill relative to Ex-Officio Informations . The noble lord stated , that he should not have again pressed this subject had his former Bill been under the consideration of a large portion of the House ; but the fact was , it was brought forward at a late 317 period of the session , when the attendance was thin , and therefore he proposed to renew the measure at an early opportunity after the recess . presented the following Message from his royal highness the Prince Regent : `` George P. R. `` The Prince Regent , acting in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , having taken into his serious consideration the accounts which he has received of the severe distresses to which the inhabitants of a part of the empire of Russia have been exposed , in their persons and property , in consequence of the unprovoked and atrocious invasion of that country by the ruler of France , and of the exemplary and extraordinary magnanimity and fortitude with which they have submitted to the greatest privations and sufferings in the defence of their country , and the ardent loyalty and unconquerable spirit they have displayed in its cause , whereby results have been produced of the utmost importance to the interests of this kingdom and to the general cause of Europe , re commends to the House of Commons to enable his Royal Highness , in aid of the contributions which have been commenced within the Russian empire , for this purpose , to afford to the suffering subjects of his Majesty 's good and great ally the emperor of Russia , such speedy and effectual relief as may be suitable to this most interesting occasion . G. P. R. '' when the Message was read , proposed that it should be referred to the Committee of Supply . said , that we ought to begin by relieving our own starving manufacturers , as he saw no reason why , in this instance , charity should not begin at home . said , that this Message was not only extraordinary , but insulting to the people of this country . differed much from the hon . baronet , and thought the grant recommended in the Message advisable in the highest degree . said , that the Message , whatever might be its propriety , appeared to him , or rather came upon him , as a 318 matter of complete novelty . Though some of his friends might have done so , he confessed that he had not , as yet , formed his opinion on the subject , but said , that he should do so before to-morrow . said , though he had not as yet decided , that , at present , the strong inclination of his mind was to support the grant . spoke in support of the grant , and was hostile to the remarks of the hon . baronet . expressed a wish to put questions to the noble earl opposite upon two subjects to which he had adverted in a former session . With respect to the African