he would leave the House in possession of this general proposition , and that he would afterwards move for leave to bring in a Bill on the Resolution which he submitted to them , he felt it necessary to state his reasons for opposing the motion . An hon . member ( Mr. Ponsonby , ) had stated , that no person now , no person ever did talk of 1231 unconditional concession . He would ask what was the language of the whole Catholic body as expressed in their petitions . If indeed , ( he Catholics had no advocate in that House who would venture to stand up , and assert their claims to the full length they themselves had gone , yet the House could not but know that such instructions were in their brief , and those instructions were so unreasonable , that the House should pause before it went any further , to ascertain , if possible , what hopes there were of producing satisfaction on one side or the other . If the committee came to the Resolution before them , the next step would be to bring in a Bill pursuant to that Resolution . Now , as by the common consent of mankind , the right hon . mover , who had so long advocated the Catholic cause , would be the principal person in drawing up the Bill , and in bringing it forward , they might perhaps anticipate what its principal provisions would be . All the restrictive laws would , of course , be repealed . Some provisions , he understood , would be made as to ecclesiastical courts and advowsons , but not a word would be mentioned about law officers , or about what securities it was intended to propose for the church . These were to be left to take their chance ; something was to be done for the Catholics ; but it was not told under what qualifications . The Bill , thus constituted , was to be sent out to the country , amongst a people , at the present moment expressing great apprehensions on this subject—it was to go out , with one thing resolved upon , `` that those laws were to be repealed ; '' but under what modifications was completely uncertain . If it were proposed , that these laws should undergo the consideration of parliament , he should not have troubled the House on the subject ; but when the right hon . gentleman said `` By my Bill , I will repeal these laws , '' he felt it his duty to oppose the proposition , except unexceptionable securities were offered . What would be the consequence of the success of such a Bill ? It would be this—if its provisions were afterwards complained of , it would be demanded of the legislature , both by that party which approved , and that which disapproved it , `` why did you not make proper regulations when it was in your power ? '' Why did you not oppose the Bill in the first instance ? It was therefore necessary for him to state his objections now . The question was eligibility ; but was it not the enjoyment of 1232 power consequent thereupon that was looked to ? To go on without knowing what they were doing , would only hold out hopes not to be realized . There could be no injury done by stopping the progress of a measure in the committee , as it could be revived in another stage . The hon . baronet said , he would wait till he had seen the result of the discussion before this committee , and then be would submit a motion to its consideration . Would the hon . baronet have an opportunity of so proceeding ? There were but two questions connected with the committee—that immediately before them ; and that which was to follow ( if the former were successful ) namely , the motion for leave to bring in a Bill . Where , then , would be the opportunity for the