: 1 . `` That , by the 6th article of the Act of Union of Great Britain and Ireland , it is enacted , that , from the 1st of January , 1801 , all prohibitions and bounties on the export of articles the growth , produce , or manufacture of either country to the other , shall cease and determine ; and that the said articles shall thenceforth be exported from one country to the other without any duty on such export : —2 . That the above exemption from prohibition can not be altered or infringed upon without a manifest violation of the compact then entered into between the several parliaments of the two parts of the now United Kingdom . '' rose to explain his reasons for giving the notice of the measure in question . In the beginning of the session , when notice had been given of the continuance of the prohibition of the manufacture of starch from articles of food , he had given notice to the manufacturers of starch in Ireland , that a similar measure would be extended to that country . Representations , however , were made by them , that as that article was employed to a considerable extent in the manufacture of linen , the prohibition of the starch manufacture would seriously affect that of the staple commodity of Ireland . This , on reference to the linen manufactures , turned out to be founded in fact , in con- 433 sequence of which , and of a memorial with numerous signatures from the north of Ireland , the government was induced to abandon it . It was true , as had been stated by the right hon . baronet , that he had no intention to violate the Act of Union , as the measure which he had to propose was solely for the benefit of the country which possessed the least number of representatives . But would it be quite fair to allow the Irish manufacturer to supply that article to this country , which British manufacturers were prohibited from supplying ? —The hon . gentleman then referred to an article of the Act of Union , which he conceived justified the prohibition , by which it was provided , that the enactment above mentioned , should not affect the regulation of the exportation of corn flour , of which latter article starch was exclusively manufactured . He concluded by moving the previous question . said , that he should have no objection to the previous question being moved , as he thought the subject might be better discussed when the Bill was brought forward . As to the construction which had been put on the article respecting the export of flour , & c. it would not bear examination , for it would be easily perceived to what extent such an explanation might be carried . said , that the measure of which his right hon . friend had given notice , was wholly in favour of Ireland . Great Britain laboured under two prohibitions ; for while no starch was permitted to be manufactured , it was impossible to export any ; while Ireland was not prohibited from manufacturing , but only from exporting . If this measure were not adopted , the prohibition of the manufacture in Great Britain would be nugatory , as the British merchants might carry on the manufacture in Ireland with British grain , and import the produce into this country . He contended that the clause as to the export of grain , & c. applied to starch , as the House had sanctioned the application of it to spirits . replied . By the explanation which had been given of the article concerning grain , the Act of Union might be rendered entirely null . He appealed to the House , whether this clause had been applied to spirits , as in that discussion an entirely different plea had been set up . Alive as he was to the interests of the linen manufacture , he was persuaded that if one infringement was suf- 434 fered on