proceedings , on the part of the public bodies , who affect to act for them , altogether unjustifiable . Their attempts to dictate to the entire body how they are to act on each particular political occurrence , their presuming to hold an inquisition on the conduct of individuals , in the exercise of their elective franchise , and putting them under the ban of their displeasure , because they vote for their private friends , and abide by their plighted engagements ; all this is a degree of inquisitorial authority unexampled and insufferable ; and this , by persons professing themselves the advocates of unbounded freedom and unlimited toleration , at the moment when they are extending their unparlying tyranny into the domestic arrangements of every Catholic family in the country . Sir , I am equally disgusted with the tone of unqualified demand , and haughty rejection of all condition or accommodation so confidently announced by them ; nor can I palliate the intemperance of many of their public speeches , nor the exaggeration and violence of some of their printed publications . To this tone I never wish to see the legislature yield ; but , as this indecent clamour is not to compel them to yield what is unreasonable , I trust it will not influence them to withhold what is just . Sir , it appears to me most unfair to visit on the . Roman Catholics , the opinions and the conduct of such public assemblies as profess to act for them ; if they labour under a real and a continuing grievance , and one which justifies , on their part , a continued claim , they must act through 815 the medium of popular assemblies , and must , of course be exposed to all the inconveniencies which attend discussion in such assemblies . In all such places , we know that unbounded applause attends the man , who occupies the extreme positions of opinion , and that the extravagance of his expression of such opinion will not be calculated to diminish it . That there may be many individuals , anxious to promote their own consequence , at the ex-pence of the party , whose interests they profess to advocate , is an evil inseparable from such a state of things ; and , amongst those who sincerely wish to promote the interests of the cause , much may fairly be attributed to the heat , naturally generated by long continued opposition ; much to the effects of disappointed hope ; much to the resentment , excited and justified by insolent and virulent opposition . But , Sir , I should unworthily shrink from my duty , if I were not to avow my opinion , that the unfortunate state of the public mind in Ireland is , above all things , imputable to the conduct of the government . Without recurring , unnecessarily , to subjects which have been already discussed in this House , I may be allowed to say that the rash interference with the right of petitioning , has given deep and just offence to the entire Catholic body . They have been compelled to rally round their constitutional privileges , and make common cause ; those excesses , which , two years since , would have been eagerly repressed by the Catholics themselves , might now , I fear , be regarded with some degree of favourable allowance on their part . Sir , I must say that the country has not been fairly dealt with on this subject . It is the bounden duty of the government to make up their mind , and to act a consistent part . If this measure is utterly inadmissible , expectation should be put down by the certainty of rejection ; resentment should be allayed by the clear exposition of the necessity which bars ; the fever of the public mind should be subdued , and all the means of conciliation , consistent with such a system , should be resorted to . If , on the other hand , this claim may and ought to be