troops , together with a regular militia which raised that number to 300,000 . This military pre-eminence was owing in a great measure to the system of recruiting from the militia regiments , which he had felt it his duty ( at that time disagreeable ) , to bring forward . No other plan would have proved so effectual . He challenged those who differed from him in this to meet him on the subject . The rage for limited service had gone by , and out of 14,000 men who had enlisted , 12,000 had preferred unlimited service . The discussion as to the limited service , as compared with service for life , he should be ready to enter into , if brought forward distinctly . There did not appear to be in the minds of recruits so strong a rage as had been represented for limited service , as it might be seen by documents that , as he had already stated , out of 14,000 recruits , 12,000 had enlisted for an unlimited term.—Much had been said during the discussion concerning the dress and equipage of the soldiery , but this was one which he thought the House was peculiarly unfit to judge of . In support of this assertion , the noble lord observed , that though the foreign saddle was so much decried , it did not subject the horses to sore backs , as was the case with the English saddle ; and though he , in common with other gentlemen , preferred the old japanned cavalry helmet to the modern brass one , vet on consulting a cavalry officer , he found that the former , in hot countries , cracked , and consequently , in the event of rain , was immediately destroyed . After remarking that the 10,000l . proposed for the Horse Guards included also the repairs of other barracks , the noble lord said that he consoled himself with the thought , that the hon . gentleman who was so acute at picking holes-in a statement in any line , had raised such trifling objections to that of his noble friend . The objections to the stale of the office of paymaster could not bear on the expence , and as to the constitutional point , if any objection were raised on the score of influence , it should be brought on as a separate motion ; it was one which could not properly be disposed of in a committee of supply . remarked , that in a Bill 1188 which he had introduced to prevent the holders of certain offices from sitting in parliament , the joint paymaster of the army was included . said , that no explanatory answers had been given to the arguments of the hon . gentleman on the subject of the home staff . He would agree that they were not to judge by the amount of the staff what were the number of the troops at home ; at the same time the estimates ought to be conformable to the expence . The noble lord said , it was not for the purpose of the Horse Guards , but for other purposes ; then why not state the contingency fairly . They were intitled to be informed what the estimates were for . In the instance of barracks , they were not told where the barracks were that were included in the estimate . Another point was not explained , why the life guards were sent abroad : they were sent at a greater expence than any force of the same nature could have been sent , when it was acknowledged on all hands they were most unfit for foreign service . Out of this estimate , in his opinion , 600,000l . or 700,000l . might be saved to the country . As to the volunteer corps , the ex-pence of which might be estimated at 209,000l . there was nothing to prevent them from sinking that expence altogether , as long as the country remained in a state of tranquillity . If it was necessary to call out the