to the infinite assurance and comfort of every friend of Protestant superiority . The time is come when these wishes may be breathed aloud . The House of Commons has admitted , in the face of the country , that the present state of the Catholic laws requires examination . This examination will probably tend to establish the opinion that they can not continue as they are . But what then ? May not the remedy be to go back rather than forward ? And why , therefore , do the resistera of concession throw away the chance which a committee affords them of bringing their favourite system into action ? Let them agree in the present motion to fulfil the pledge of the last House of Commons by going into a committee ; and who knows but we may come out of that committee with a resolution , that the ancient laws against the Ronan Catholics ought to be revived and enforced ? It is true , indeed , that the resolution of the last session speaks of a `` conciliatory '' adjustment ; but the enemies of concession may , perhaps , be able to shew , in the committee , that the course of conciliation is retrogade ; and that pure and mutual contentment , are only to be arrived at through final depression on the one part , and restored and continued ascendancy on the other . It is one of the main arguments against those who are in favour of the committee , that they are not all agreed as to the plan to be proposed in it . Probably not . But if we are agreed only on one point , —the utter absurdity of the laws in question in their present state , —we are sufficiently agreed for this first step of going into a committee to consider of them . And among all those who agree that it is expe- 1062 dient to remove the disabilities , civil and military , under which the Catholics still labour , so far as they can be removed consistently with the most perfect and entire security to the Protestant succession and Protestant establishment , there is a sufficiently plain broad ground of concurrence . It has been asked , will you , then , in the preamble to your Bill , reenact the Bill of Rights , and the other fundamental statutes on which our Protestant establishment rests ? Is that your boasted security ? Sir , I do not understand the right hon . gentleman to whom this question is thus tauntingly addressed , to have said so . I understood him , in anticipation of the usual quotation from the Bill of Rights by another right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yotke ) to say , that he had no objection to recite the Bill of Rights word for word from his Bill , in order to record his sense , and the sense of parliament , of the perpetuity of the Protestant establishment , if it were supposed that his measure could bring the Protestant establishment into question . Had he not declared himself ready to do this , would he not have been taunted for the omission , and would it not have been very probable that words to this very effect , of reaffirming the Bill of Rights , & c. would have been moved as an amendment ? The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) as I understand him , proposes to obtain a resolution of the committee of the whole House , authorizing him to bring in a Bill . In no other way ( as you , Sir , I am confident , will state , if necessary ) can a Bill on such a subject properly originate . In this Bill the right hon . gentleman will state precisely the further concessions which he conceives it just and politic to extend to the Catholics , and the securities with which he deems it uecessary to accompany the grant . It will then be open for other gentlemen to suggest such alterations and amendments as