, in the correct sense of the word , the Catholic certainly did want complete emancipation—but this was perfectly compatible with every necessary regulation—and the friends of the Roman Catholics , in moving for the repeal of the disabilities , were fully impressed with the conviction , that such a measure was completely consistent with the security of church and state . 1234 The right hon . gentleman seemed to think , that the desire of conciliation , manifested by the House , would not be assisted by the feeling of the Catholic body in general , and more particularly by the Catholic board . But , to judge properly of this assertion , it would be right to know how the last Resolution of that House , on the subject of the Catholic claims , had been received by the board ; and that the committee might be correctly informed on the subject , he would read a recent proceeding of that board . They would thu9 see , that the first conciliatory measure adopted by the House had been viewed by the Catholics in a spirit and temper quite the reverse of that by which they were supposed to be actuated . At a meeting of the Catholic board which had taken place in Dublin since the late vote for a committee , a resolution such as could not fail to be gratifying to the House , had been moved , and that by a person who had been heretofore arraigned for the violence of his conduct in that assembly . The hon . baronet then read the following paragraph : — `` Catholic Board , March 6 , 1813 . `` A meeting of the board was this day held , major Brian in the chair , at which Mr. Lawless gave notice of the following Resolution , for the consideration of the board , on Saturday next : — 'Resolved—That we heartily congratulate our fellow subjects of every religious persuasion , in the British empire , on the late glorious and successful struggle of the friends of civil and religious liberty , in the Imperial House of Commons , from which we may confidently date the commencement of that harmony which is likely to subsist hereafter , among men of all denominations and relilgions in the country , which must obliterate the remembrance of past injuries , and make Ireland as united as she will be unconquerable . ' Having read this document , he would ask whether the advanees of that House-had not been met by a spirit of conciliation on the part of the Catholics ? Did they not rejoice at the prospect of uniform harmony among all sects ? Did they not express feelings of the strongest delight , in the hope which was now held out to the empire , that we should be an united , and consequently an unconquerable people ? Now with respect to the qualified concession on which persons opposing 1235 the claims of the Catholics had now taken their stand , he would beg to offer a few remarks . A right hon . gentleman had proposed to withhold from the Roman Catholics all political power—and in the very same breath , he signified his willingness to give them high political rank . He would ask that right hon . gentleman how he would act in the case of a victorious Catholic commander in chief abroad ? for the only limitation he had placed on the extension of military honours , referred to the situation of commander in chief at home . What course would the right hon . gentleman adopt , in the case of a Catholic Wellington having the same claims on the gratitude of his country ? Would he admit him to the dignity of the peerage , or would he not ? If he did grant that honour , by what device would he limit it ? How would he fetter the dignity so as to keep it thoroughly separated from political power . At every step they went , these friends to the prescriptive rights of the constitution found themselves entangled in