either were contemporary with him in this House , or who have traced the history of his public and parliamentary life . I have now , Sir , little further with which to detain the House . In voting for the committee , with a view to the calm , deliberate , and dispassionate consideration of this great question , I fulfil not only my own sense of public duty , but I verily believe the wishes of a majority of the community , even as expressed in the petitions upon your table . Of those petitions many pray that the emancipation ( as it is improperly called ) of the Catholics , may not be unconditional . I agree with those petitioners . Some pray for the interference of the legislature for the final settlement of the dispute . I would grant the prayer of those petitioners also . Even to those whose petitions are drawn up in hostility to the grant of fresh concessions , I say , `` we must go into a committee even to execute your purpose fully and satisfactorily . It can not be believed that any thing short of a deliberate decision after full discussion will settle a question so long in dispute . '' But beside the numerous petitioners who 1072 have interfered with their prayers or their advice , consider how much larger a body of the people have not interfered at all ! What must their sense of the matter be supposed to be ? Obviously , that they rest satisfied with the last determination of the House of Commons . And what was that last determination ? It is recorded in the resolution of June 1812 . The whole church of Scotland have been quiescent on the subject , with the exception of the presbytery of Glasgow , which , after discussing the propriety of petitioning on the subject , decided not to do so . Thus , in that country , where , a century ago , king William was obliged to take an oath to extirpate the Roman Catholics , not a voice is now to be heard in hostility to their being admitted to a just participation of the constitution . I vote therefore for going into the committee , in compliance with the prayers of the petitioners , who almost generally concur in praying for some final decision ; in deference to the wishes of those whose very silence implies their expectation , their contented expectation , that we should now proceed to the consideration of this question in the manner and with the view prescribed and recorded by the last House of Commons ; but neither should I be satisfied to give this vote in conformity to the inclinations of however large a majority of the people , if I were not conscientiously convinced , at the same time , that by doing so I best consult the real and permanent interests of the British empire . After Mr. Canning had sat down , a very great uproar arose , and cries of `` Question , question , '' resounded from every corner of the House . Mr. Bathurst remained on his legs for some time '' , and all his endeavours to obtain a hearing were ineffectual . A motion for adjournment was made by Mr. Ryder and seconded : but on the remonstrance of Mr. Ponsonby the motion was withdrawn , and order being restored : proceeded . He reminded the House of the manner in which this question was carried in the last year ; —that it was done in the confident expectation , in which he certainly had not concurred , that such an arrangement might have been made with the Catholic body , as would have enabled the promoters of the measure to bring forward in this session , a well-digested plan , mutually satisfactory , 1073 of concession , guarded by securities . The proposed Bill , which had been opened by the right hon . gentleman , contained a sweeping repeal of all restrictions ; but not a word was said of the securities which were to