of the motion , upon the dangers , which would result , from admitting Catholics into the higher tanks of the army and navy . That advanced position they have been pretty nearly compelled to evacuate . Such an alarm indeed seemed founded upon no intelligible grounds . It rests the existence of danger , not upon the nature of the power entrusted , but upon its degree . Upon what rational principle can it be said to be safe to entrust a Catholic with the command of a regiment , but utterly dangerous to place him at the head of a brigade ? That the lower orders of the Catholics who , from want of education and their station in life , must necessarily he more easily worked upon by improper influence , may safely he entrusted with arms or the possession of our ships , but that it is dangerous to place the same confidence in men , in the higher ranks of life , who , from the advantages of superior education , more liberal and enlarged ideas , and a higher sense of professional honour , have so much stronger claims to be trusted . In the law too , few persons have , of late , contended that any danger would result from permitting Catholics to aspire to the honours of their profession . That indeed is , of all others , the profession , which it seems the least expedient to allow men to enter , without having a fair career opened to their ambition . The great stand has been made , upon 974 the admission of Catholics into the two Houses of Parliament ; and the danger apprehended is , that they will influence the decision of the Houses in some vote which might , directly or indirectly , affect the Protestant establishments of the empire . Now how does this stand ? In the House of Lords their numbers must , of necessity , be too small to have any effect upon the decisions of that body . In the House of Commons , the number would undoubtedly be greater , but would still bear so very small a proportion to the whole , as to render it absolutely impossible for them to carry any such point by themselves . Now I beg to say that I am inclined to think , that Catholics , coming into this House , would , much in the same way that Protestants do , range themselves under the banners of the different political parties , which might exist , within its walls , according as they might be influenced by considerations of personal connection or political feelings ; but , supposing , for the sake of argument , that they move in one compact mass , directing all their efforts to the attainment of this particular object ; by themselves they would be powerless ; they must then bargain with some great Protestant party , and barter their aid in the contest , for the concession of their object , when the victory should be gained . Now I know well that , in a popular constitution like ours , when conflicting parties are nearly balanced , when all the passions of the mind are roused , and the prize to be fought for is nothing less than the direction of the affairs of a great and mighty empire , men may be led to make large sacrifices at the shrine of political ambition . The history of the country , unfortunately , is not without such examples . But whatever may be the errors of individuals , I never can bring myself to believe , that there would , at any time , be found , in this House , a sufficiently powerful and numerous Protestant party , so profligate in principle , and so dead to a sense of every thing , which would be due to themselves and to their country , as to barter away the religious establishment of any part of the empire , for the gratification of political ambition . But supposing again this combination of improbabilities to