but of the dissolution of government ! So sensible of this truth were our ancestors , that , when they saw , or thought they saw , a necessity for dishonouring the Roman Catholic , they adopted , as a necessary consequence , the policy of impoverishing and barbarizing him : when they degraded him , they felt that their only safety was to steep him in poverty and ignorance ; their policy , good or bad , was consistent—the means had a diabolical fitness for their end . Is it not a perfect corollary to this proposition , is it not the legitimate converse of this truth , that if you readmit them to wealth and to knowledge , you must restore them to ambition and to honour ? What have we done ? We have trod back their steps : we have rescued the Catholics from the code , which formed at once their servitude and our safety , and we fancy we can continue the exclusion , from oivil station , which superinduced that code . Theirs was a necessity , real or fancied , but a consistent system ; we pre-tend no necessity ; we have voluntarily abdicated the means of safety , and we wilfully and uselessly continue the causes of danger . The time to have paused was before we heaved , from those sons of earth , the mountains , which the wisdom or the terrors of our ancestors had heaped upon them ; but we have raised them up and placed them erect—are we prepared to hurl them down and bury them again ? Where is the madman to propose it ? Where is the idiot who imagines that they 799 can remain as they are ? The state of the Catholics of Ireland is , in this respect , unparalleled by any thing in ancient or modern history . They are not slaves , as some of their absurd advocates call them , but freemen , possessing substantially the same political rights with their Protestant brethren , and with all the other subjects of the empire ; that is , possessed of all the advantages , which can be derived from the best laws , administered in the best manner , of the most free and most highly civilized country in the world . Do you believe that such a body , possessed of such a station , can submit to contumely and exclusion ? that they will stand behind your chair and wait upon you at the public banquet ? The less valuable , in sordid computation , the privilege , the more marked the insult in refusing it , and the more honourable the anxiety for possessing it ! Miserable and unworthy wretches must they be if they ceased to aspire to it ; base and dangerous hypocrites if they dissembled their wishes ; formidable instruments of domestic or foreign tyranny if they did not entertain them ! The liberties of England would not , for half a century , remain proof against the contact and contagion of four millions of opulent and powerful subjects who disregarded the honours of the state , and felt utterly uninterested in the constitution . In coming forward , therefore , with this claim of honourable ambition , they at once afford you the best pledge of their sincerity , and the most satisfactory evidence of their title . They claim the benefit of the ancient vital principle of the constitution , namely , that the honours of the state should be open to the talents and to the virtues of all its members . The adversaries of the measure invert the order of all civilized society . They have made the Catholics an aristocracy , and they would treat them as a mob ; they give , to the lowest of the rabble , if he is a Protestant , what they refuse to the head of the peerage , if he is a Catholic . They shut out my lord Fingal from the state , and they make his footman a member of it ; and this strange confusion of all