it would tend to shew a desire to conciliate that part of the United Kingdom , he trusted the motion would be agreed to . He did not think that the concession would be attended with any consequences beyond the present occasion . He owned , if it appeared to him , that , by agreeing to the motion , the door would be opened so wide as some gentlemen seemed to suppose , he should feel very considerable difficulty in deciding on the subject . But the question was here very much narrowed—it was merely whether this particular Petition might be presented , in the manner desired , at the bar of that House . If a similar indulgence were requested on the part of the city of Edinburgh , he was sure the House would not hesitate to grant it . Under these circumstances , he hoped the House would agree to the motion in the spirit of conciliation and good humour . wished to know , whether the parliament in England had any standing order similar to that stated to have existed in the Irish parliament . The present was an important question , as introducing a very serious precedent , and he would take the sense of the House upon it . said , he could not at present charge his recollection with any standing order on the subject . With respect to the sheriffs of the city of London being permitted to present the petitions of the corporation , it was always put to the question ; and , in 1690 , * it was the pleasure of the House not to receive them . The mode of acting was wholly in their own power . thought the Lord Mayor had better place the petition in the hands of a member of parliament , for presentation ; and the House would decide on the question , so that no person should be mistaken hereafter . observed , that the addresses of the city of Dublin were presented to the Lord Lieutenant on the throne . * This took place on the 17th of April , 1690 . The question for the admission of the Sheriffs was moved by colonel Birch . After debate , it passed in the negative , by 215 to 1G6 . See New Parliamentary History of England , vol , 5 , p. 586. observed that no claim whatever had been made ; the privilege was requested , on this particular occasion , as matter of favour , not of right ; and he hoped it would not be forgotten , that , in the present instance , the Lord Mayor had actually come over . By receiving this Petition through the Lord Mayor , they did not bind themselves to receive others in the same manner . said , the House would readily believe that he was anxious to pay every possible compliment to the metropolis of Ireland ; but what had fallen from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer made it necessary for him to rise in opposition to the sentiments which he had expressed . The right hon . gentleman had observed , that , by receiving this Petition , the House did not bind themselves to receive all others in the same manner . Now , in his opinion , if the House agreed to permit the Petition to be presented by the Lord Mayor of Dublin , they would be bound to receive all others , from the same quarter , in a similar way ; for what was there in that Petition which should induce the House to give it this particular distinction , and to withhold it from all others ? If no indignity were offered to the corporation of Dublin by the Irish parliament , who would not receive their petitions through any other medium but that of a member of parliament , how could the Commons of the United Kingdom be supposed to act disrespectfully towards them , if they pursued the same course ? He should be glad to know , whether the hon . gentlemen opposite ,