have it in their power to accept of what was tendered to them , or not , just as they thought proper . But was parliament bound to make concessions if they would not accept of them ? What bound down , or fettered the House , if the Catholics would not accede to their offer ? Suppose his right hon . friend to obtain leave to bring in his Bill , and that the claims of the Catholics should be granted under certain conditions and restrictions , if the Catholics did not submit to the conditions , neither could they be entitled to the concessions . It was not , continued the right hon . member , intended to propose unlimited grants ; it was intended only to obtain from parliament a gracious disposition to listen to the complaints of the Roman Catholics . Neither was it the intention of his right hon . friend to compel parliament to make the whole advance , while no advance was to be made by the Catholics . The proposition of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) was widely different from that which it had been described to be ; it was a most wise , just , and judicious resolution , to obtain a gracious declaration from the House to the Catholics , that it would take their case into its most serious consideration , but without pledging the House to any specific measure . His right hon . friend had not gone into the whole matter in detail , because , as he had stated , that would be better done in the progress of the Bill ; and because he did not wish to appear as if he were dictating to parliament . He was as little inclined to canvass the question minutely , as any one ; but it was impossible to sit down under such great authority as had that night declared that it was safe to grant high honours to the Catholics , but dangerous to admit them to the enjoyment of power . If honours were granted , power must follow ; the more there was granted to them , the more they would desire , and the more they would be enabled to gain what they desired . To suppose the reverse was a dangerous fallacy . He would not say more at present , but he could not hear the pro- 1215 posal of his right hon . friend misrepresented , without rising to say a few words to explain the nature of the proposition . rose and said : I think that the Committee will be of opinion that it is my duty to avail myself of the earliest opportunity to obey the call which has been pointedly made upon me by so distinguished a member , ( the Speaker * ) . I must , however , avow , that I do not participate in his apprehensions of danger from the influence of a foreign supremacy , merely in spirituals . On every occasion when the question of the Catholic claims has been agitated in this House , I have uniformly maintained this conviction : —contending at the same time for those substantial regulations and restrictions which the wise policy of our ancestors , from the earliest period of our history , and , indeed , which the wisdom and policy of every other state of Europe , of whatever religious communion , have most sedulously prescribed . Agreeing , as I do , with the right hon . mover of the Resolution upon many points , in looking to the same end which the motion now before the Committee holds out to us , I do not agree with him as to the means by which it is to be attained ; and I shall think it my duty in the course of the proceedings of this Committee , to propose that measure , which I have ever considered to be the only practicable measure , calculated to produce a satisfactory result , I mean , Sir , that having gone into the committee of the whole