the streets , as well as of the persons who were condemned to wear these trappings , only fit for a mountebank . The hon . member agreed that permanent barracks might be less expensive than temporary ones , in time of war , but contended that they would be more expensive in the intervals of peace , which he hoped would be longer than they had lately been . He considered the argument of his hon . friend near him , with respect to the joint paymastership , as perfectly conclusive . If the paymaster 's duty could be performed by one person , it ought to be performed by one person . spoke to the same effect , and in favour of the amendment . explained , that what he had said with respect to small savings referred to the impossibility of reducing the great bulk of the estimate . confessed that the force of argument employed against the double-pay-master-ship , would compel him to give his vote against it , and expressed a wish that the vote as to the home staff should be postponed till further information was obtained on the subject . was of opinion that the Committee could not , with propriety , postpone the staff estimate , because no material reduction could be made in that branch without injury . The number of troops in England and Ireland was very considerable , but the staff should not be proportional to the number of troops , but to the number of divisions in the districts over which the troops extended . The reduction of any part of the staff would be injurious , because it would cause a want of vigilance and regularity in the lower departments . There were not less than 130,000 men on home service in England and Ireland . This body required a large superintending staff . recalled to the recollection of an hon . baronet a petition which he had on a former occasion presented to the House , from some persons confined in Ilchester gaol , for a riot at Bath ; and who , in their petition , complained of ill-treatment . He also recalled to the recollection of the hon . baronet the circumstance of his having produced a loaf in the House , which had been sent from the prisoners confined in some jail . He wished to know whether the hon . baronet meant to proceed any further with those complaints . replied , that his time had been so much engaged by an election committee , that he had not been able to proceed further in the business of these petitions ; and that he had no intention of pressing the matter any further upon the consideration of the House . wished to know whether the hon . baronet had inquired into the truth of the allegations in the petitions which he had laid before the House ? replied , that the causes of the complaints preferred in the petitions had been removed . wished to ask the hon . baronet whether the loaf which he had produced had been sent from the Ilchester or the Bath jail . answered , that it had been sent to him from Bath . intimated his intention , in consequence of the important business which stood for that night , to postpone until that day week , his motion relative to the second paymaster of the forces , and his deputy . The various Resolutions were then agreed to , with the exception of that for granting 460,587l . 6s . 4d . for Barracks , which being read , drew the attention of the House to the item in this grant of 125,667l . for new barracks in Ireland , respecting which no information whatever had last night been afforded by ministers . Conceiving it highly proper that the House should be told the object and the extent of these projected buildings , he would move an amendment to suspend the grant of this 125,667l . by substituting the sum of 334,920l . 6s . 4d . for 460,587l . 6s . 4d . in