vote for the resolution now before the committee . He , however , was anxious to make some few observations on the policy of concession to the Catholics . If it had fallen to his lot to choose the method of proceeding on this question he should have preferred , with the hon . baronet , to refer the state of the laws in question to a select committee . This he conceived to be the more desirable , as it must have been observed by all gentlemen who had looked into the subject , how different were the statements which had been propagated , for while some represented that the amount of the disabilities imposed on the Catholics , amounted only to exclusion from 32 great offices , others asserted that the disabilities were numerous , and met the Catholics at every turn and in every line of life , and entering into the most common affairs of life , irritated those whose political power they did not serve materially to abridge . This measure also would have tended to a calm consideration of the subject , as every one would know the extent of the grievances under which their Catholic brethren laboured . He did not , however , object to the present motion , because the appointment of a committee was not precluded in a future stage . The doctrine of the Catholics , he did not think could with advantage be referred to 1239 a committee , as such a body would be much less competent to such an inquiry than the hon . baronet who proposed it . What weighed with him in the vote he should give was , that the elective franchise had already been conceded to the Catholics , and it would be absurd and injurious , after having granted such privileges , to deny them seats in the two Houses . It had been objected , that the Catholics might form mischievous or treasonable connections with foreign powers . But the connection existed now ; and while concession would not increase the connection with a foreign power , it would render the influence of that power less effective . The mischiefs to be apprehended from Catholics being admitted into that House he could not perceive , for what measure which they might wish to accomplish could they not attain through their Protestant representatives , who were so much less exposed to jealousy and suspicion ? The grand consideration which weighed with him in the vote he should give , was , that the Catholics had already political power extended to them by the possession of the elective franchise ; and it appeared to him to be absurd to prevent Catholics from holding seats in that House . Suppose there were Catholic members amongst them , would they ever propose any measure , or pursue any course that might not also be adopted by the Protestant representatives of Catholic electors . The oath which these Catholics would take , whether it bound their consciences or no , must yet impose some restraint on them as gentlemen ; for who , after swearing not to `` disturb or endanger '' the establishment , would have the hardihood to propose any measure which might palpably tend to its detriment . Well then , they were leaning on a broken reed—they were relying on a false security . Political power had already been granted to the Catholics , and by leaving them in their present state , the legislature would not be acting with policy for the security of the country . The House could not stop where it was—the Catholics could not remain in their present situation . It was in vain to expect them to be satisfied . He thought something ought to be done for them at the present time—the moment was a peculiarly favourable one—it was a sort of golden opportunity which might never return if they now lost it . Light and knowledge were spreading in Ireland , and the more they extended , the more would the Catholics 1240 of Ireland desire to enjoy all the privileges of freemen