not with whom they were to treat ; they were ignorant of any party with whom they were to negociate . He ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) wanted neither to treat nor to negociate ; such a proceeding was not compatible with the duty , the honour , the dignity of parliament . For he perfectly agreed in those sentiments which fell from the right hon . mover last night , that it was for parliament to legislate ; and , if concession were called for , it was for parliament to state the terms.—He would not go into the various questions introduced by different members in the course of the debate ; it was enough for him distinctly to observe , that , in voting for going into a committee , he did not bind himself to any thing which might afterwards be proposed—but he would enter that committee , anxious to promote such measures as might tend to general harmony ; anxious to grant to the Roman Catholics all that they could fairly demand ; and no less anxious to preserve the Protestant Church , unimpaired , in all its sanctity and all its splendour . The right hon . baronet said that he appeared on the part of those who `` feared God , and honoured the King ! '' Was the right hon . baronet then to be understood as meaning , that those who were friendly to the Catholic Claims did not fear God , or did not honour the King ? —Surely they were equally attached to the constitution as those who formed a different opinion on this subject . The right hon . baronet had designated the Protestants of the north of Ireland , a part of whom he represented , as a loyal and faithful race ; the sons of their sons , the descendants of Englishmen . Did the right hon . baronet mean to say , that the Roman Catholics of that part of the country were otherwise ? The Protestants of that country might be the sons of their sons , but they ought to recollect that the Roman Catholics were their brothers . The vote which he meant to give , was not forced from him by any particular circumstances , that vote he would give whether in office or out of office ; without any reference whatever to political connection . The recent conduct of the Catholics had repeatedly been alluded to , in the course of the debate . Whatever that conduct had been , and part of it , he admitted , was presumptuous and overbearing , the general body had been severely visited for it , 870 since that fact had been made one of the strongest arguments against their claims . But still that was not the cause which they were called on to decide . However improperly individuals might have demeaned themselves , that conduct formed no reason for condemning the whole Catholic body ; still less was it an argument for decision against the Catholic Claims , —Should those claims be submitted to a committee , the first thing that committee would have to consider would be what arrangement could be made , without trenching on their religious rights—without impairing the dignity of the Catholic Church—at the same time affording full security to our Protestant establishments . The right hon . gentleman expressed himself particularly favourable to domestic nomination ; as preventing foreign intercourse and foreign influence ; that intercourse with the See of Rome , which even Catholic monarchs considered a high misdemeanour in their subjects . The greatest security , he conceived , which the Protestant establishment could have , was to be found in attaching the Catholics to the constitution under which they lived—by exciting their interests , their feelings , their pride , and their passions , to its support . Whether to assist in such a work , their clergy should receive regular stipends from the government , or be supported by a grant from parliament , he would not take upon him to say : but , of this he was sure , that means of