the capital stock purchased by the said Commissioners , and standing in their names in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and of the South Sea Company , shall from time to time be cancelled , as if the same had been transferred for the redemption of the Land Tax ; at such times , and in such proportions , not exceeding the amount of debt so declared to be satisfied and dis- 1093 charged ( after reserving thereout any sum or sums necessary to make provision for the payment of all life annuities chargeable thereupon ) as shall be directed by any Act or Acts of parliament to be passed for such purpose : in order to make provision for the charge of any loan or loans thereafter to be contracted , upon the same funds or securities as are chargeable with the said stock , so declared to be satisfied and redeemed . 5 . `` That , in order more effectually to secure the redemption of the public debt , conformably to the provisions of the Act of the 32d George 3 , cap . 55 , it is expedient to enact that all sums granted for the reduction thereof , by the several Acts aforesaid , should be further continued and made applicable to the reduction of all public debt , now existing , or which may be hereafter contracted during the present war . 6 . `` That , in order to carry into effect the provisions of the Acts of the 32nd and 42nd of the King , for redeeming every part of the national debt within the period of 45 years from the time of its creation , it is also expedient that , in future , whenever the amount of the sum to be raised , by loan , or by any other addition to the public funded debt , shall in any year exceed the sum estimated to be applicable in the same year to the reduction of the public debt , an annual sum , equal to one half of the interest of the excess of the said loan or other addition , beyond the sum so estimated to be applicable , shall be set apart out of the monies composing the consolidated fund of Great Britain , and shall be issued at the receipt of the Exchequer , to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England , to be by them placed to the account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ; and upon the remainder of such loan or other addition , the annual sum of one per cent . on the capital thereof , according to the provisions of the said Act of the 32nd year of his present Majesty . 7 . `` That , in order to prevent the increase of the Public Debt by means of Exchequer Bills annually renewed , it is 1094 expedient that , on the 5th January in every year , an account be taken of all Exchequer Bills outstanding and charged upon funds not deemed capable of making good the same , within one year from such 5th of January , and that a sum equal to one percent , thereupon be granted out of the supplies of such year , to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt . 8 . `` That it is expedient that so much of the Act passed in the 42nd year of the reign of his present Majesty ( 42 Geo . 3 , cap . 71 , ) as directs that all monies whatever , which shall be placed from time to time to the account of the said Commissioners , by virtue of either of the therein recited Acts ( except so far as the same are hereby repealed ) or by virtue of this Act , shall and are hereby appropriated , and shall accumulate in manner directed by the said Acts , for the reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain ; and shall be from time to time applied by the