essential , in my opinion , to the security of the Catholic , as well as the Protestant subject , it is absolutely necessary to go into a select committee . [ Sir J. Hippisley then went into further details , of considerable length , concerning the canons of various councils , —particularly the fourth Lateran , and those of Constance and Trent , —and maintained that the regulations of discipline , enacted by those and all other councils , had no practical obligation , unless canonically received and sanctioned by the act of the existing government in each state . ] I shall vote , most cheerfully , for the motion , as a preliminary step to the constitution of such a committee as appears 853 to me , to be alone competent to enter upon an adequat examination of these important points , and which , if not fully understood , no act of legislation can be adequately framed ; and , whether or not the House shall grant the prayer of the petition , I contend that it will be equally necessary to constitute such a committee of investigation , for it is impossible that the laws , affecting the Roman Catholics , can be permitted to remain in their present state . The acts of 1791 and 1793 , are so replete with anomalies and errors , that a revision of them is now become a measure of necessity , rather than of choice . said , that he had been misrepresented or misunderstood , by the hon . baronet . He had said , only , that in consequence of the protestation , a difference took place between the vicars apostolic and the Committee , and that the latter were obliged to submit . He had said , also , that three of the vicars apostolic had withdrawn their names from the protestation in consequence of the oath , the form of which had been introduced into it . said , it appeared to him , after the very able speech of his hon . and learned countyman and friend ( Mr. Plunket , ) yesterday , that there was little for him or any one else to add on the subject . That speech , above all he had ever heard or read , afforded the most satisfactory and undeniable historical information on the subject , which probably had ever been given before in this country . He did not believe that ever a speech had been made in that House which so ably proved the right of the Catholics of Ireland to full emancipation . The hon . general , however , differed from his hon . and learned friend in some things . His hon . and learned friend was an advocate for Catholic emancipation , and in that he agreed with him ; but he was an advocate for it , granting full and ample securities to the Protestant religion , and in that the hon . general said he differed from his hon . and learned friend . He would ask his hon . and learned friend if he had ever made out , or been able to make out from others , what those securities should be . He himself had often put the question in Ireland , and in England , and could never yet hear in what those securities were to consist . Who was to draw the bond ? Who were to sign it ? And on whom were the penalties arising from a failure in performance of the conditions of it to fall ? He did not see by whom such securities 854 could be given ; and he was certain , they ought not to be asked . Nothing , he thought , should be asked of any set of men beyond their oaths . To a man the Catholics of Ireland were willing to take the Oath of Allegiance . That was a powerful oath , and , if they broke it , they would break any oath the legislature could put to them . His hon . and learned friend then stated