of the Reformation , for we have repealed the laws against recusancy , and legalized the religion ; having done this , it was a necessary consequence to say that we could not infer , from a religious tenet which we legalized , a political opinion inconsistent with the safety of the state ; otherwise we should have been unjustifiable in legalizing it ; we therefore substituted , instead of the renunciation of the religious doctrine , from which the political opinion had been formerly inferred , a direct denial , upon oath ; of the political 803 opinion itself . If then the Roman Catholic may lawfully exercise the religion , and if he will take the political oath , how can we consistently make the objection , either in a religious or political point of view , to his being admitted to the remaining privileges of citizenship ? If there is any thing inconsistent with the true principles of our religion , in permitting the Catholic to enjoy civil offices , the authors of the Reformation were deeply criminal in permitting him to enjoy them , while they denounced his religion ; and we have been doubly traitors , to our religion and to our constitution , in sanctioning , by law , the free exercise of that religion ; throwing away the religious test and substituting the political one in the place of it . If the political oath , either from its supposed insincerity , or from any other cause , is an insufficient substitute for the religious abjuration , how can we be justifiable in allowing it to give the Catholic admission to the high constitutional privileges which he now enjoys ? If it is a sufficient substitute , we prevaricate with our own consciences , in refusing him admission , on the strength of it , to the remaining privileges which he requires—in direct violation of the policy which substituted the political oath for the religious declaration we now say that we require his declaration that he does not hold the religious doctrine which implies the political . But he is ready to swear that he does not hold the political doctrine , and still you prefer his declaration that he does not hold the opinion , which furnishes the presumption , to his oath that he does not hold the opinion , which is the thing presumed . Is not this a perfect proof that the political apprehension is a pretext , and that it is bigotry , or something worse , which is the motive ? Is not this also a full attestation of your perfect reliance on the honour and sincerity of the Catholic , as well as of your own intolerance ? You will accept his word , as a proof that he has abjured his religious tenets , but you will not receive his oath as long as he abides by them . Is it he that is insincere in his oath ? Then why trust his declaration ? Has the oath a negative power ? It is not merely that his Oath is not binding , but , that which shall be full evidence , if he merely asserts it by implication , shall become utterly incredible if he swears to it directly . Why this is worse than transubstantiation ; it is as gross a rebellion against the evidence of demonstration , as the other is 804 against the testimony of sense . Again—the Oath of Supremacy extends to a renunciation , as well of the spiritual , as of the temporal , authority of the Pope ; and its object appears to have been two-fold ; first , to exclude the interference of the Pope , in the temporal concerns of the realm ; and , secondly , to secure the Protestant hierarchy , against the claims of the sect which had been evicted : as to the first , the Roman Catholic lenders an oath , utterly denying , the Pope 's right to exercise any kind of temporal jurisdiction in these kingdoms ; as to the second , he tenders an oath , abjuring