from bearing down his cause , but even in converting it into an argument , to make it triumphant . * If I had taken any fallacious view , or received any false impression upon that occasion , if the eloquence and power of my right hon . friend 's speech had fascinated , and , for a moment , misled my judgment , I should not be ashamed to avow my error , with sincerity and frankness ; nor to state , honestly and directly , that a deliberate review of the whole matter , now compelled me to trace back my steps , and to pursue a different course : but I have no such avowal to make , no such error to confess , no such account to settle , with the promoters of the Resolution . Those who did me the honour of attending to , and remembering , what I said on the 22d of June , will recal to their minds that , in addition to the topics already mentioned , and the stress which I laid upon every one of the three enumerated conditions , I said , that the temper and feeling of the members of the established church , in both countries , would be tried by carrying the question ; that it was fortunate so long an interval of time would be allowed , before any ulterior step could be taken , and that it would be put to the test , whether the apparent neutrality of the Protestants proceeded from unconcern , or whether it was the effect of a firm persuasion that the claims of the Roman Catholics would be resisted by a majority of their representatives . It was argued , at that time , by my right hon . friend , that , so long as parliament should turn a deaf ear to the complaints of the Roman Catholics , so long as the House should refuse to enquire into , or listen to their grievances , it might naturally be expected that they would feel disappointed and irritated , and , like persons goaded and oppressed , they would burst out into expressions of anger and violence . Hold out to them a fair prospect , it was said , of conciliation and concession , and their violence will cease ; reason will regain her just ascendancy , and all will be harmony and concord . Now in what manner is this prophecy fulfilled ? Was any gratitude shewn , or any * See vol . 23 , p. 633 . 789 joy expressed ? Were any thanks voted , any acknowledgments made to the mover and supporters of that Resolution ? So far from it , at the very next meeting of the Catholic board , after the news reached Dublin , on the 4th of July , circular letters were dispatched in all directions , formally announcing their `` most serious apprehensions that a religious persecution was about to begin in Ireland . '' This was one of their first proceedings : do those , which are recent , manifest a more moderate spirit ? Let the resolutions of all their meetings , in the various counties , cities , and towns , be examined ; the solemn address of their prelates on the 18th of November last ; let the tenor of all their Petitions , now upon our table , be fairly weighed and considered , with every reasonable allowance , and the most favourable interpretation ; and , can we collect , from their aggregate sentiments , any thing short of a positive demand of unqualified emancipation , as a matter , not of favour , but of right ? And , on the part of their clergy , is there any thing less than an absolute refusal to give any further security , than the oath , prescribed by the statute of 1793 , with which they assert that the legislature ought to rest perfectly satisfied ? These are their own words : `` As we are at present precluded from any intercourse with our supreme pastor , we