office of Vice-Chancellor should be charged upon the emoluments which the Lord Chancellor derived from the business in the Court of Chancery . That noble lord had stated , at the very commencement of the enquiry , that he wished for no profit which was not purchased by beneficial labour ; yet when the importance and dignity of the office were considered , and when the magnitude of the labour attendant on the execution of the duties of it were duly estimated , it would be found to be but reasonable that the Lord Chancellor should reap the fruits of his honest labour , and should live with becoming splendor . He should have the means of providing for his family , for it was to be remembered , that there was much risk and uncertainty in the time during which it might be his fortune to continue in office . The pension of 4,000l . to ex-chancellors was by no means sufficient of itself for this purpose , and it should be remembered that there were many distinguished noblemen , who owed the origin of their rank , and the wealth of their families , to the provision which their ancestors had been able to derive from their dignified labour , while they had filled the office of Lord Chancellor . It seemed to be reasonable that this office should be endowed more liberally than any other ; and that its income should not be looked upon with jealousy . It ought to be so considered , because it was liable to greater cares and to more political uncertainty than any other judicial situations which were held , during life , at least during good behaviour . Under these circumstances he hoped that the House would not think of making any encroachments 468 upon the revenues derived by the Lord Chancellor from his office . The measure , therefore , being charged with no public expence , calculated as it was to remedy two evils , and coming recommended as it did by the sanction of all the legal characters in the upper House , seemed to be of such a nature that all parties would allow it to go into a committee for further consideration . His lordship concluded by moving the order of the day for the second reading of the Bill . rose and observed , that the noble lord had endeavoured to render his measure agreeable to one portion at least of the House ; and to none more than himself , by stating that it would be attended by no public expence . Highly , however , as he prized this part of the scheme , he could not approve of it unless it had other distinct merits . In all matters of innovation , two things were to be considered ; first , whether the evil were of an alarming size ; secondly , whether the remedy was likely to be efficient , and answer its purpose . In the present case , he allowed , that a deplorable evil existed ; the grievance was of such a nature , that though justice was supposed , proverbially , to exalt her head , and flourish in this country , yet the delays of her administration had been such as to come little short of a denial . Yet he should do wrong to rest satisfied with a remedy that was not at once comprehensive and constitutional . If the Bill intended merely to provide a temporary remedy for a temporary pressure of business , it might , perhaps , with some modifications , be more generally agreeable ; but when it was proposed to introduce a permanent innovation into the administration of justice , the House should pause , unless it were demonstrated , that the remedy provided was the best possible remedy . It might be said , that a pressing grievance required a speedy remedy ; but in his mind , the time would be well spent , and the delay wisely protracted , which should be dedicated to the consideration of a measure more calculated to answer its purposes ,