He warmly remarked , that during the whole period to which he spoke , he had considered the system of the war in the peninsula inadequate to its object ; an opinion which he had uniformly declared , and in adherence to which he had resigned his office as secretary of state . He could not particularise objections without the permission of his sovereign or his representative ; but if he was allowed an opportunity , he should be ready to meet the noble lords , point by point , upon that subject , either in public or private , and before any tribunal to which he might be summoned . defended the conduct of the Admiralty with respect to the American and West India stations , observing , that on the Halifax station alone , long before the commencement of hostilities , the squadron was double the strength of the whole American navy . This he enumerated , as well as the force in the West Indian seas ; and stated the American navy to consist of five frigates , and a few sloops of war . It was impossible to guard against such casualties as were alluded to by noble lords opposite , ( the capture of the Guerriere frigate ) ; but care was taken to render such attempts an extreme risk on the part of the enemy . said , he did not think so badly of ministers as to charge them with neglecting to provide a naval force superior to the American navy , which only consisted of five frigates . His charge 50 was , that they did not send sufficient reinforcements of troops , and that our military force in Canada was , in consequence , inferior to that of the assailants . moved , that lord Walsingham be constituted chairman of all the committees of that House during the present session of parliament ; a motion , the propriety of which , he was confident every noble lord would acquiesce in . observed , that if the House could secure the services of the noble lord , they would be a blessing . shortly expressed his grateful sense of what had fallen from the noble lords . rose to move an Address in answer to the most gracious Speech of his royal highness the Prince Regent . In the liberty he then took of offering himself to the notice of the House , it was not his intention , nor would it be necessary , to trespass at any length upon their indulgence . With respect to the first part of the Speech , he felt confident that every person in that House , and in the country , lamented not less than himself the situation of the illustrious personage to whom it alluded . There was no one who could avoid feelings of the most lively regret when he reflected , that a life spent , as that of his Majesty had been , in the practice of every virtue that was honourable to our nature , that could adorn or dignify the man or the sovereign , and which had rendered him dear to the hearts of his subjects , should , towards the close , be deprived of that rest and of that repose which were due to his merits and to his virtues . The next point in his Royal Highness 's Speech to which he would allude , was one of sincere and heartfelt gratulation , the successful resistance that had been made in the Peninsula 51 by our gallant countrymen to the encroachments of France . Often as they had had occasion , within the last four years , to commemorate the achievements and applaud the distinguished conduct of the general , and the army employed in the protection of Spain , yet in no instance since the commencement of that struggle , was skill or valour so greatly displayed as in the decisive and glorious battle of Salamanca . The consequences of that victory were as sudden and important as ever followed from conquest . The siege of Cadiz was raised ; Madrid was evacuated