which we think necessary to obtain ; such act to be suspended in execution till the Catholics shall be content to give those securities . I can not help thinking this mode of legislating , de bene esse , is very novel , and very inconvenient . It may be a totally nugatory exercise of our legislative powers , and , if we can trust strong declarations , will certainly be so . If it should so turn out , it will certainly be no very dignified nor 1017 useful exercise of those powers . But if there is no reason to hope that good will be done , is there no reason to fear that much mischief will be done ? It can be no secret , that there are very large portions of the community , in both countries , who regard the attempt with the most painful anxiety , and who deprecate such concessions to the Catholics . And these persons , Sir , are not rabble ; they are not uninformed persons , without character or weight in the community . They compose some of its most serious and considerate , and respectable classes . In this condition of things , all that will be achieved , will be so much positive evil , without any counterbalance of good . Here will be an idle parade of legislative benevolence , producing nothing but extreme uneasiness and dissatisfaction among the Protestants , and increased ferments and resentments amongst the Catholics . For , if such proposals are regarded as insults and persecutions , I do not see how they are much recommended to the affections of the Catholics , by merely being put into the black-letter of an act of parliament . It really never occurred to me that an insult would be at all lessened in their feelings of it , for being offered to them by the legislature of their country . On such grounds as these ( omitting many others in the exhausted state of the question , and in my own exhausted state ) I shall certainly vote against going into a committee . If there are particular grievances , apply the remedy to each case , fairly and distinctly considered ; but do not open a wholesale shop of grievances . I have no doubt that such a shop would be plentifully fed , for the remainder of the session , with fresh importations from the Catholic board at Dublin , which , as far as I can judge from two volumes I have perused , is a very well stocked depot of such articles . But do not let the legislature let loose the angry passions of men , upon subjects most likely to excite , in times of difficulty and danger ; for such I conceive the times still to be , though otherwise described by the right hon . gentleman . The modern Hannibal , or rather Attila , still lives . We have scotched the snake , not killed it . We have to oppose , by every means , which human prudence can suggest , the most subtle and bloody tyrant which has ever infested the earth . Let us not waste any portion of our strength in aggravated contentions amongst ourselves . 1018 Sir , I can not sit down without expressing a regret , that I have yet heard nothing of the plans which we had reason to expect , from two honourable friends of mine , the noble Secretary of State , who sits near me , and my right hon . friend , on the bench below . I must do the eloquent mover the justice to acknowledge that he fairly stated his plan , though I can not agree with him in thinking it satisfactory . That plan was to embody , in his act for the Catholics , a declaration , couched in the strongest terms , of the firm and eternal establishment of the national church . We all remember the effect of declaratory acts in the case of America—a right maintained in words , given up in facts ,