there was a great increase of business in the Court of Chancery , and neither the Lord Chancellor nor the Master of the Rolls would be expected to do miracles . An immediate remedy was necessary , and any delay would be doing injustice to the public . remarked , that the precedency of the Vice-Chancellor was not proportioned to his salary , as it was proposed that he should rank after the Master of the Rolls , though his salary was superior to that of this last officer . suggested that , as it was not intended that the Vice-Chancellor should have a seat in the House of Commons , the safest course to pursue , would be to insert a clause in the Bill to that purpose 682 The statute of Anne , and that of George 2 , might be supposed at first sight to suffice . But in this last statute it was specified , that the disability should not be extended to offices held for life or during good behaviour . In the statute by which the commissioners of accounts were appointed they were excluded from sitting in that House by a special clause , and as the intention of the legislature was at present undoubted , he supposed there could be no objection , in order to obviate future doubts , to insert the clause he proposed . said , that there could be no objection to what the hon . and learned member proposed , had not the act of Anne been amply sufficient . The words were , that no one holding any newly created office of emolument , should be held qualified to sit in the House of Commons . professed not to have discovered any of those amendments in the Bill that would induce him now to vote for it , having voted against it on the second reading . It appeared to him to have come out of the Committee with all the objections that it had at first presented ; but he should reserve himself for an opportunity of farther discussing the principle of the Bill on the third reading . With respect to bankruptcies , he conceived what had been suggested by an hon . and learned gentleman to be an improvement , and if any such amendment was moved on the third reading , he should give it his support . He should not move , however , such an amendment himself , but should it not be moved , he thought the Bill ought to be rejected . As the evil complained of was of a temporary nature , the remedy also , he contended , ought to be temporary , and the Bill , therefore , limited to a certain duration . disclaimed having any intention of moving the amendment alluded to , but thought it would be desirable , if there was any disposition on the part of the framers of the Bill to meet it . referring to a clause in the Bill where it was stated that the Vice-Chancellor should determine all causes as the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper should direct , thought it of the greatest importance that this part of the Bill should be more defined or better understood . It was necessary to know how this authority was to be given , as much of the landed property of the kingdom , might be held 683 on such decisions as the Vice-Chancellor might give . He wished to know the extent and sort of jurisdiction that the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper were to exercise . said , that the mode of determining what causes were to be heard by the Vice-Chancellor would be by orders issued , from time to time , by the Chancellor , Keeper , or the commissioners holding the great seal . As to the indecency which was said to be apprehended from the subordinate condition in which the Vice-Chancellor would be placed with respect to the Chancellor , when it was said he might be interrupted by the Chancellor 's bell , what was the case at present when a judge