of delivering the peninsula . He again repeated , that the greatest possible efforts had been made for an active campaign ; and he trusted what he had said on this point would be received as a fair and candid solution of the doubts thrown out by the right hon . gentleman . Thus far he had rather opened the matters at issue between the right hon . gentleman and himself . He perfectly agreed with him , that the aid to Russia ought to be given in Spain ; and he was also ready to admit , that as the north opened prospects of greater success , insomuch ought they to make more strenuous efforts on the peninsula . With respect to the war in the north , the right hon . gentleman had laid what was necessary for him to advert to , into a narrower compass , as he had not made any charge in so far as Russia was concerned . He and all the world must feel , and none felt it more than the illustrious person at the head of that vast empire , who was so likely to ameliorate the destinies of the world , that it was not to be expected from this country to make larger sacrifices , or in other quarters , than those in which she was engaged . That great monarch did not call on us for pecuniary support . He said , `` you are fighting my cause and the cause of the world in Spain , and there it is that your efforts will be most available and efficacious . '' His imperial majesty felt this to be the common policy in the common cause , and instead of looking to us for aid in the north , he had looked to a far surer and nobler source—he had looked to the patriotism , the liberality , the unbounded liberality , the spirit , and the loyalty of his people , to uphold him in the great struggle for independence , in 84 which he is engaged , and to us he had looked for the effectual carrying on of the contest in Spain . Of Sweden , to which the right hon . gentleman had alluded , it was more difficult to speak . Without divulging any of those secrets which belong to the cabinet of this or of other countries , he might however state that Sweden as well as Russia had received injury from France , and both had felt it . Russia had taken the field to resist the aggressions of her adversary , and therefore there could be no impropriety in speaking openly of her measures ; but as Sweden had not yet taken a step so decided , he hoped the House would be of opinion that he had a duty to perform , which rendered it very difficult for him to make any very open or explicit statement on this point . Yet without exceeding discretion , he might say , that if the exertions of Sweden , necessarily smaller than those of Russia , had required the pecuniary aid of this country , to cause a diversion in the rear of the French armies , ministers would have been ready to have assisted her operations to that extent . He declined entering further into this matter at present . France had committed an unqualified aggression on the Swedish monarchy , which had as yet been only met by a somewhat qualified resistance . What were the motives for collecting the force upon her coasts , it would not be expected for him to explain ; but it would be seen with a feeling of hope and exultation , that between these great northern powers , for they were both great , out of their late contention , which had led to the dismemberment of the province of Finland from Sweden : —out of that contention a system had arisen , which happily had not prevented their being linked together in the bonds of the closest friendship and alliance . This fact appeared to be obvious from the very