the most ordinary nature , Mr. Russell stated that he had an opinion of his own upon them , but candidly admitted , that he was not instructed on the subject by the American Secretary of State , When he ( lord Castlereagh ) asked him , whether he had any projet of the understanding to which the government of the United States were disposed to come ? —he replied , that he had no such projet . Did all this wear the semblance of a disposition for fair discussion ? He felt himself therefore bound to say , that the British government was justified in viewing the conduct of the government of the United States with alarm ; and , without shutting the door to negociation , in taking care that the ancient and undoubted rights of this country should not be called into question , and that the maintenance of those rights should not be entrusted to any other power . Such would have been the determination of his Majesty 's present servants , had the subject been brought under their consideration for the 607 first time . But this was not the case ; they had important previous lights by which to guide their judgment . He conceived that he did his duty no less to America than to Great Britain—he conceived that he was performing the part of a peace-maker , when he candidly apprised Mr. Russell of the relative situation of the two countries . Imagining that he perceived in the conduct of Mr. Russell , in the several discussions that had taken place in the American legislature , and in the protest entered by the minority in that legislature , a disposition to believe that the facilities for settling the question on our part were greater than they actually were , he thought it his duty to impress on Mr. Russell 's mind , that , although the British government were ready to listen to any reasonable proposition from America , they deprecated the notion that it was not a question of great difficulty itself , or that it might be assumed that because the British government were disposed to concede , and anxious for the maintenance of a friendly intercourse with America , that therefore the slightest motion on the part of America would be equal to the accomplishment of peace . In fact in proportion to the number of times at which the question had been agitated , and to the disposition manifested by the British government to settle it , was the inference strengthened that it was a difficult question . In 1803 , during lord Sidmouth 's administration , the proposition of adopting some substitute for the impressment was discussed with such temper by the British government , that Mr. King wrote to his own government in the confident expectation that the affair would be arranged . Lord Liverpool and lord St. Vincent were favourable to the proposition ; but when it was submitted to the law officers , their opinions precluded the government from carrying their intentions into effect . The proposition was renewed in 1807 , under auspices which he ( Lord C. ) had strongly impressed on Mr. Russell 's mind , for it was renewed when America believed ( though it was unjust to imagine that any party in this country was inimical to America ) that a party peculiarly friendly to her was in power . The negotiation proceeded between lords Holland and Auckland and Messrs. Monroe and Pinckney ; and such were the hopes entertained of a favourable result , that the American commissioners were induced to lay no less than three 608 distinct projets before the British government . All these projets underwent separate deliberation . The result was , that notwithstanding the eager disposition of the British government , and the labour and good faith of lords Holland and Auckland , such were the difficulties that arose when the details came to be entered into , that the British government were obliged to declare to the commissioners that all their projets were inadmissible ; and that the treaty must proceed to a