the Fund had not been varied . But there is another circumstance still more striking in our present situation . When the Sinking Fund was established in 1786 , the total amount of debt was about 240 millions , and the redemption of such a sum appeared , if not utterly hopeless , at least placed at a very remote distance . But great as the difficulty then appeared , the firmness and perseverance of the nation , pursuing this important object with undeviating steadiness , have at length completely surmounted it ; and I have the pleasure to refer the Committee to accounts upon their table , which prove that a sum equal to the total capital of the debt existing in 1786 has been redeemed . I mean , Sir , that the sums purchased by the commissioners , or transferred to them , exceed the amount of the debt existing in 1786 ; for this is the only mode in which the redemption of the old debt can ever be ascertained , the new loans having been contracted in old funds , and no distinction kept up between the earlier and later creditors of the public . If any further circumstance could be wanting to prove that the people of this country have at the present time the fairest title to any relief which can be afforded , consistently with the exact observance of public faith , and due attention to permanent security , it will be found in the extraordinary exertions they have made to prevent the accumulation of public debt . Instead of shifting the burden from themselves , and throwing it upon posterity , they have nobly and manfully supported the load of increasing difficulties which the vicissitudes of this eventful contest have thrown upon them . To prevent the increase of public debt , they have actually paid upwards of 200 millions in war taxes , a sum which considerably exceeds the real value of the debt existing in 1786 . The public have therefore a right to claim the merit of having doubly redeemed the original debt ; first by its actual repayment , and secondly , by the anticipated payment of a still greater sum which would otherwise have been added to it . But whatever claims the public may now have on these grounds for relief , and with whatever immediate advantage it might be 1086 attended , it becomes us most anxiously to inquire what are the claims of public faith which we owe to the stockholders , and what the conditions on which the public debt has been contracted . The debt contracted previously to 1792 was raised without any condition of repayment whatever , the government being bound only to the punctual payment of the interest , and left to consult its own discretion or convenience with respect to the discharge of the principal . This debt however I contend is now wholly discharged ; and that which now exists has been contracted since the passing of the Act of 1792 , and subject to its provisions . Under these the stockholder has perhaps no strict right , as he has voluntarily subscribed his stock into the old funds , which bore no conditions of redemption , but he has undoubtedly a just expectation that the terms of redemption pointed out in that act will be adhered to . Those terms are , that provision shall be made for the repayment of the capital of all debts subsequently contracted , within 45 years from its creation ; either by the specific appropriation of one percent , upon such capital , or in any other mode which parliament may think fit . That this is the true interpretation of the Act , I affirm on the authority of the declarations and conduct of its illustrious author , Mr. Pitt ; and of the resolutions and acts of the legislature itself . Of Mr. Pitt 's sentiments , I can mention a very remarkable instance-It must be generally recollected by those gentlemen who eleven years ago were members of the House , that Mr. Pitt strongly supported the Sinking