exercise of the right itself was not merely a convenience to Great Britain , but belonged to her very conservation as a state ; and that the abandonment of it would not have been merely inconvenient , but would have proved vitally dangerous if not fatal to her security . As a nation , therefore , Great Britain was amply justified in insisting upon that , the relinquishment of which would have shaken the foundations of her power . We had an undoubted right to consider the question with other feelings , and with greater tenacity than America , towards whom it did not threaten the loss of freedom or safety , but merely the inconvenience of a small portion of her citizens , from the just exercise of the right of a belligerent during the continuance of the war . In another point of view also , the American government ought to have been assured that this object was pursued by Great Britain in her own defence , and not with any objects of inordinate ambition . He trusted that he should not be considered illiberal in declaring , that , in his opinion , the American government had prostituted its character , by taking a tone on this question unfounded in reason and good sense , and only calculated to produce prejudices in America , incompatible with the future harmony of the two countries . Let the subject be fairly examined , and he was sure that no rational or unprejudiced mind would say that it was possible the object was such to us as to induce the British government to do any thing unjustifiable for 601 its attainment . The government of the United States contended that Great Britain had used every species of oppression towards the American seamen , assuming most wrongfully that every individual taken by the British cruisers out of an American ship must necessarily be an American subject . That this was not the fact would appear upon a prima facie view of the case . The Americans assumed , that Great Britain had impressed 15 or 20,000 American citizens . He entreated the attention of the House to that which he was about to state . He would not pretend to come exactly to the truth , but he would approach so near to it , as to enable parliament , and to enable America herself , to judge whether the actual and immediate value of the object in question was such , and whether that object was so imperatively necessary to the maintenance of the maritime power of Great Britain , as to induce the British government to risk all the soreness and irritation that had taken place between the two countries , on that account , instead of getting rid of that bone of contention which prevented the cordial friendship and co-operation so desirable . It was impossible to believe that for such a paltry and miserable object as that which he was about to state , the British government could have shewn themselves insensible to the great interests of the state , and plunged the country into a war for its attainment . Having premised this , he would proceed to inform the House , that so far from our having 15 or 20,000 American seamen in our service , it did so happen that at two distinct and recent periods the Admiralty ascertained how many of the 145,000 seamen actually employed in the British service professed themselves entitled to be discharged as American citizens . And here he must observe , that it was impossible to put the question at issue on a point of view more favourable to the assertion of the American government , because every individual who had the slightest pretext for doing so would make a claim , the immediate result of which might to him seem likely to lead to liberty , and to the means of engaging in a service more lucrative than that of the British navy . What were the returns ? In January , 1811 , the whole number out of the 145,000 who claimed to be American subjects