other House , and the only discussion which he had heard in the profession consisted of a wish that the Attorney-General might be appointed to the new office , and that which took place in this House on Thursday last . He thought of course , they could not be too cautious how they proceeded on that delicate subject . He had been accused of writing a pamphlet on that question , but he could not well see how this could be made a matter of accusation against him . He had never denied the fact , and had even sent the production as a present to most of his acquaintances . He thought the subject of the highest importance , and felt it as his duty to state publicly the insuperable objections he saw to the measure . He was sorry his hon . and learned friend , the Solicitor General , had not read them ; his hon . and learned friend had expressed himself in favour of the measure ; but he had declared , at the same time , that he would not vote for the Bill such as it then was , but such as it would be when coming out of the committee . His hon . and learned friend had owned , besides , that he was but little acquainted with the practice of the Court of Chancery , so that he was pretty well convinced that his opinion on 542 that subject would not have with the House the same weight to which his well-earned professional reputation would entitle him on any legal subjects . The objections which had been urged against the Bill were not worthy of consideration . As to what had been said concerning the Master of the Roils not having a seat in that House , he thought it would be a great benefit to the public if no judicial officers had seats in that House—no masters in Chancery—and no Welsh judges.—A judge was generally the worse judge for being a member of parliament—the worse member of parliament for being a judge—nor were they ever to be found to take an active part in the rugged professional business of the bar . What in his view of the matter was to be feared , was that the Vice-Chancellorship might in a short time become a sinecure , and , that in that case , the way to it would be not through the rugged paths of the law , but through the pleasant avenue of that House . The hon . and learned gentleman then adverted to the necessity of ascertaining first , the measures which the House of Lords were likely to adopt to avail themselves of the more frequent assistance of the Lord Chancellor in hearing appeal causes . It would be necessary , if this Bill passed , to make some provision that there should be a fuller attendance in these cases . At present it was said that the Chancellor was often seen pacing up and down the House for three or four hours before there was an attendance . The House , indeed , had never met before two o'clock , till within the last three days . Within that period , the attendance had been most exemplary . It was true , that within these three days the noble lords had sat earlier than usual to dispatch their judicial business . On Saturday the sitting was announced for ten o'clock , but on their arrival at the House , the suitors and counsel were informed , that their lordships would not be ready before one o'clock . This morning they had sat at eleven o'clock , and the same hour was announced for tomorrow . But he was apprehensive that , from this short trial , their lordships might be disgusted with their laborious task , and conceived it to be indispensably necessary to ascertain whether they would give their attendance regularly before that was insisted on as an argument , or made the ground of an enactment . said that after the delay which had been granted by the noble lord