to suggest an alteration . I have looked principally , if not wholly to the security of the state , as far as assuring ourselves of the , loyalty of the persons selected to possess so great an influence upon the people committed to their charge , without interfering in the details of elections . A fact has been more than once 1222 stated , and if not explained I am given to understand it may be subject to injurious misconception : I had formerly observed that Dr. Bellew , the present bishop of Killala , unfortunately had a brother deeply engaged in the Rebellion of 1798 . I mentioned it to shew the advantage which might have been derived from an intercourse with government , that the electors might thereby become apprized of facts which might involve the disqualification of an individual , in other respects unexceptionable . No one can impute disloyalty to Dr. Bellew , but if the Roman Catholic see of Killala had been vacant at the moment his brother was approaching the town , in 1798 , at the head of an hostile force , such an intimation assuredly would have prevented an election in his favour . I have long known Dr. Bellew , and my favourable prepossessions remain unimpaired by the lapse of time . Dr. Hussey 's nomination to the see of Water-ford is an instance also in reference to which , I noticed that if the transactions of that prelate at the court of Madrid in 1786 had been known to the electors , Dr. Hussey could not have been placed in the station he afterwards filled . [ Here sir John Hippisley went into a detail of the nature of those transactions , with a view to illustrate the principle of the utility of a communication between the electors and his Majesty 's ministers , respecting the nomination to Catholic prelacies . ] But I must not overlook a part of this subject wherein it is necessary to answer the pointed call I am honoured with by the Speaker , now sitting in our committee . And here I would ask my right hon . friend , does he seriously think that the oaths as they now stand of the 14th , of the 31st , and 33d of his present Majesty , are clearly understood by those who administer or by those who take them ? Are they of such simple comprehension as to be considered fit for adoption in any bill he may bring forward on this subject r I fear they will not be so considered by the House . The history of the oath of 1793 I have before adverted to : the Catholics of Ireland made a declaration of their principles . An oath was proposed in 1793 by the earl of Buckinghamshire , then secretary of the government , and the learned gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) then in the House of Commons , exclaimed , `` the Catholics have made a solemn declaration of their principles , let the oath be drawn up in the words of their declaration . '' It was so drawn up by him- 1223 self , and in his candour he then observed , `` let them swear to it , they are honest men , and I will believe their declaration . `` In a review of these oaths I would ask , whether when the Catholic priest swears to the disclosure of all traitorous conspiracies , it is not generally understood that if treason be disclosed to him , even in confession , he is bound by his oath to reveal it ? I answer for the Catholic priest , that in his own honest conception of his duties he is not so bound—and moreover he is fortified by the established canonical discipline of the Church of England , which authorises the minister of the establishment , nay , commands him , to conceal `` all such crimes as are committed to his secrecy , in confession , under pain of ecclesiastical censures . '' It was upon this point , as I have before remarked