judge as ever sat on the bench ( Mr. Baron Thompson ) , one in whom it might well be said that all could behold the perfection of a judge . After a patient trial , which lasted three days , they had been convicted . On that occasion the assistance was had of all the persons eminent in the law ; and the learned Recorder of London , as was customary , had lain a minute report of the case before the sovereign authority . In the privy council every circumstance of so important a case was minutely canvassed ; and the anxiety of the royal mind on all occasions to render judgment in mercy was well known . Indeed , the anxiety of the royal mind to save the life of that unfortunate criminal on whom sentence of death had been passed could only be known to those who had witnessed its effects , and it was difficult to communicate even a faint idea of that anxiety . He had heard the late Recorder ( Adams ) , speak with great delight and enthusiasm of the excessive anxiety of his majesty to save the lives of criminals ; and for that purpose he would repeatedly question as to the law and the circumstances of the case , and all in favour of the criminal . But what was to be done when a desperate gang were brought before the tribunal of justice to answer to the violated laws of their country ? Was there no difference between the measure of their guilt—their capability to do injury to society , and that individual who might have committed a similar offence for the first time from absolute poverty , and without having been in concert with any one ? But it was said respecting the robbery on the Thames , that the jury had afterwards petitioned his royal highness the Prince Regent for a mitigation of the punishment—a proof of their notions of its unnecessary severity . Some of the criminals had families—others , wives—and others , fathers or mothers dependent on 571 them for bread . No man bad a higher veneration for the trial by jury than he had , and for those who composed the juries of this country . Few men had seen more of the proceedings in criminal courts than he had ; but after thirty years ' experience , he had not known six instances where , had he been of the jury , he should not have felt himself bound to determine precisely as the jury had determined . But after they had brought in their verdict , they were , like other men , accessible to pity . The doors of the jurymen might afterwards be crowded by the daughters , the sons , or the mothers of those who had been convicted , praying their interference . They would admit the justice of the conviction—they would acknowledge the offence of their relatives ; but they would add— '' you can not wish them to expiate their crimes with their lives—you can not desire that they should be hanged ; think , then , on our feelings for those who , we believe , may be saved if you will petition the Prince Regent . You will not refuse to sign this paper—life is valuable to the meanest being that crawls ! '' Thank God ! few Englishmen could withstand such an appeal as this ! The Petition was signed under those circumstances , and was forwarded to the fountain of mercy , where it would always have due effect if a fair case were made out . While assisting the judges at assize , it was once unfortunately his duty to pass sentence of death on six individuals , some of whom he could not leave for execution , and of course no such order was left . But such feeling towards the unhappy individuals could not be communicated to them . The consequence was , when he was about to leave the town the carriage wheels were beset ; and there were loud prayers , calling on him `` for