. It had been alleged that it would , but he should be able to satisfy the House that it would be no such expence ; and the question for the House was , whether , with these advantages to the suitor , with the removal of the evil complained of , and with no better plan proposed , the House should hesitate to send this plan to a committee to be examined more in detail , and to advise upon any better measure which should present itself . One half of the ex-pence of the office would be charged on the profits of the Lord Chancellor , in the business of the court ; the other half was to be taken from what was called the dead cash , or suitors ' fund , the annual revenue of which , at that time , was 9,000l . The revenue of that fund had , on various occasions been applied , under the authority of parliament , for analogous purposes , and could not certainly be devoted to any better use than the support of that officer whose appointment was in contemplation . The fund consisted of unclaimed monies in Chancery , which had been suffered to accumulate at interest . The salaries of the Masters in Chancery , and of superannuated masters and other officers , were-paid out of it ; and the income of 9,000l . per annum , to which he had alluded , was its present clear revenue unappropriated . Thus , as far as related to economy , there could be no objection to the Bill . It had been said , that there were other means by which the object of the Bill could be more effectually attained , than by the adoption of the measure which it proposed . And one of those means was , to take away the management of the bankruptcy business from the Lord Chancellor . Without 465 taking into consideration the fundamental principles , that this business should not be separated from the Lord Chancellor , and even allowing that it might with propriety-be taken away from him , still it would he necessary to have a Vice-Chancellor . For as to the particular jurisdiction of the bankruptcy business , none required greater attention on account of its difficulty and its intricacy . It was so particularly important in a commercial country , that it would be highly dangerous to trust the decision , on business of such weight , to any authority subordinate to that of the Lord Chancellor . To separate , therefore , this branch of business from the office of Chancellor , would be to remove that function , which , in his opinion , was most essential to it , and would have a tendency to separate the equity of Chancery , from the equity of the country . It had been objected that , in the distribution of the business in the Court of Chancery , the Bill enabled the Lord Chancellor to direct the whole at his pleasure ; that he might allow the Vice-Chancellor to decide upon matters of such difficulty , that no authority short of the Lord Chancellor himself , should have been allowed to make a decision ; or that he might only intrust to him causes of minor importance , and that such a power would degrade the character of the new magistrate . To this he would answer , that the possible abuse of a practical good ought not to be alledged as an argument against it , and that it ought on the contrary , to be presumed that the discretion thus vested in the first law officer of the country would be soundly exercised . He contended that the argument was untenable , because it went upon the abuse , and not the use of the measure proposed . It was needless to speak at large on the impropriety of supposing , that any man who should be vested in such an office as that of Lord Chancellor , ever could be guilty of such a breach of all the ties of duty