according to their own views and their incumbent duty , without being subjected , under the sanction of law , to any penalties or disabilities in consequence of their difference from the Established Church ; and that the petitioners , confiding in the wisdom and justice of the House , pray , that their cause may be taken into consideration , and the relief granted to them for which they supplicate . '' moved , `` That the Resolution of the House of the 22d of June , in the last session of parliament , relative to the Laws affecting his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Great Britain and Ireland , might be read . '' The said Resolution being read . said , he had taken the liberty of having this Resolution read , not only because it referred to a Petition which he 743 was about to present , but because it was a vote which must carry with it more than ordinary weight in the future discussion of this momentous question—a Resolution which passed that House at a time when much religious ferment existed throughout the country , and which was decided after the House had refused the Catholic Claims— ( Hear , hear ! ) —but it now stood an honourable memorial upon the records of that House , of the change which had taken place in the minds and sentiments of that House—a change so great , which after some years of long , repeated , and elaborate discussion , had at last obtained the sanction of the legislature : a change of sentiment which four of the most illustrious statesmen that ever graced the annals of the British senate , concurred in , namely , Mr. Burke , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Windham . The Petition he had now the honour to present , was from the same body of persons , for whom he had the honour of presenting a similar Petition last year—the Roman Catholics of England . They then took the liberty of enumerating their grievances , to which he should now shortly advert . The House must be aware that in one quarter of our dominions that principle of policy had been pursued which he should be happy to see extended to all ; in Canada there was no distinction on the ground of religion , all there participated equally in the rights and privileges of a British subject , and it must be recollected that in that great convulsion which severed America from the mother country , Canada alone stood firm . In Ireland there still remained a remnant of that unprosperous policy ; but the Catholics of England , who were the old stock of all the illustrious families of this country , who were always distinguished for their loyalty and attachment to their sovereign , still laboured under all the disabilities which had ever existed against them . They were excluded from holding any office under the crown ; they were excluded from holding any civil office in the country ; they were excluded from degrees in the universities ; and the respectable Roman Catholic country gentlemen were living in hospitality among their tenantry , but prohibited from acting in the magistracy . The Roman Catholic freeholder was prohibited from voting for members of parliament ; they might go into the army , but in order to procure rank the English Catholic must go to Ireland , and there he might obtain 744 the rank of colonel , but no more , and if he again returned to this country , his disability was revived—if the English Catholic went into the navy , by going to Ireland he might arrive at the command of the squadron now lying at Cork ; but if by any accident he touched on the shores of England , he was again liable to all the pains and penalties.—There were some persons who had a sort of superstitious reverence for this principle , and hugged themselves in it , as if it were the very talisman of the constitution . But the last parliament had thought differently