of that power . With respect to the proposition now made , it must rest upon the responsibility of ministers . He did not think enough had been laid before the House to shew the propriety of the grant , but he was willing to believe that ministers had in their possession information to warrant the proposition . If any hint had been given to ministers that such a grant would be acceptable to the Russian government , or the Russian nation , then he should not hesitate a moment in agreeing to it . Under this impression , he would not withhold his vote from the proposition . expressed a wish , that the Bill had been divided into two . To one part of it he was disposed to agree , namely , that which respected distress for rent ; it was true , it was a part of a faulty system , but it was certainly necessary to protect tenants from oppression in being called upon to do that which would be , under present circumstances , a violation of the original contract with the landlord ; for though a noble friend of his in calling for rents in specie , had laid down rules which were perfectly equitable , yet other landlords might not be actuated by the same equity . So far , therefore , he agreed in the measure ; but to the other part of the Bill , which went in fact to declare , that no person should part with gold , except for less than its value , nor take paper except for more than its value , he considered it as a system pregnant with incalculable mischief . He would not now enter into the question of depreciation ; but confine himself to the more immediate object of the Bill , and he contended that it was perfectly absurd to attempt by a legislative provision to give a currency to paper , which was not worth the value set upon it . Similar expedients had been the resort of all weak and tyrannical governments , and had successively failed . The natural consequence was , the driving all the gold out of the market , and thus precluding ' the means of returning to payments in specie . What good had been ef- 324 fected by resorting to this measure ? Had it tended to support the war in the peninsula ? It was a well known fact , on the contrary , that ministers had been unable to send a requisite supply in specie to lord Wellington , and that his lordship had only been enabled to procure a supply from the circumstance of there being two prices in Portugal , a gold price and a paper price . Had a similar legislative enactment to this prevailed in Portugal the supply could not have been obtained . Thus it would be seen that it was only upon the principle of two prices that our army was supplied in the peninsula , a principle which , in fact , prevailed in this country , but in ineffectually endeavouring to counteract which by this measure , ministers had precluded the means of adequately supplying our army there from hence . The same principle also of two prices prevailed in Canada , where 100,000l . in Bank notes I had been sent , and had been discounted , being taken at the rate of 14s . in the pound . Impressed with the idea of the futility of enacting what was in itself absurd , and in its consequences mischievous , as it could not prevent the two prices which it was its object to counteract , and as it operated by driving the gold out of the market to prevent a return to a sound and healthy circulation , he intended to have taken the sense of the House upon a motion for dividing the Bill into two ; but as the House was thinly attended , he should not put it to the vote . contended , that the most mischievous consequences would result from having two prices , and