it was not so , it was not such an appeal , it was an inflamed statement of all the topics of grievance that could be raked together with a view of effecting the object of her Royal Highness 's advisers . There were no additional restrictions imposed at this period that could have warranted this letter . The Princess Charlotte was still as before permitted to see her mother once a week , when she was in town ; but when she was removed to Windsor , it was found inconvenient , and injurious to her education , that a journey to London should occupy three days out of every six ; it was therefore determined , that her Royal Highness , during the period of her residence at Windsor , should visit London and her royal mother but once a fortnight ; but it never , that the noble lord had heard , was intended to continue this restriction beyond the residence at Windsor , and when the Princess Charlotte should have returned to town , all would have gone on as before . Was this , he would ask , a restriction of such injury and oppression as to call for this accusatory letter ? This was the whale of what had been magnified into a great infliction of punishment and inference 1150 of guilt , and he was sure the House would see it as he did , to be a matter in no ways sufficient to justify the Letter of her Royal Highness . In respect to the conduct of the Prince , he did all that lay in his power to secure sound advice . He called in all the heads of the law , and the church , to advise merely to one point , what restraints should be placed on the intercourse between the Princess and her daughter . There never was a stronger imputation cast on any one than was cast on the Prince by the legal advisers of the letter of the Princess—it was an appeal to the country against their prince , and an appeal to the child against her parent . But of all the paragraphs of `` he Letter , that which related to the canting paragraph about the confirmation , was the most reprehensible ; for if her Royal Highness had ever spoken to the bishop of Salisbury , the tutor of the Princess , on the subject , with a wish on her part to have the ceremony performed , he could have told her that it was his Majesty 's express wish it should not take place till the Princess had attained her I8th year . The country , he was sure , would feel that the Prince had discharged his duty ; and that his consultation with the council on the education of his child was a proof of his love of his people , and that he had shewn an anxious desire to exercise the prerogative of educating his daughter , with a just sense of its great importance . It was not by any means just to infer that any criminality was imputed to the Princess , for the separation alone was sufficient to justify the restraints , and they ought to be considered merely as matter of regulation arising out of the unfortunate circumstance of the separation . He would maintain that the hon . member had not laid any parliamentary grounds for his Amendment , not having shewn what course of proceedings he would adopt , if the Report was laid on the table , and therefore he should oppose his motion . being alluded to personally , felt himself called on to make a few observations : he did not know whether he was called on to defend himself against a charge for having been an adviser of the Princess , or for having given his advice , or for not being any longer her adviser . As to the first point , he had to say , that he was commanded , in 1806 , to attend her Royal Highness at Blackheath , to assist in defending