that it should be merely the instrument of the House , in putting upon record the requisite evidence . I have no objection to an open committee , provided it be not a committee of the whole House . The report of such a committee going forth to the people of England , I conceive to be a measure which the House could scarcely dispense with , when they looked around them and witnessed the gross misconception obtaining on every side with respect to the question before the House . Adverting to the tests necessary to be taken by Catholics , I own I feel a great disposition to adopt the example of the states of Holland , before adverted to , where the Catholic population is nearly at a par with that of the Protestants ; and not merely in this respect would I wish to imitate the example of that once sagacious government , their ecclesiastical regulations , for the exterior government of the different sects of religion , which were not dominant , being most wisely framed , and acted upon with a salutary policy . In a select committee , I am persuaded such facts would come out in evidence , as would naturally point to the remedies necessary to be applied , where danger was to be apprehended from foreign encroachment—indeed it required no stretch of genius to suggest those remedies—they were practical remedies , resorted to , under various modifications , in every other state . In reference to the Roman Catholic prelates , speaking of them as a body , I am persuaded the King has not a more loyal description of subjects . A noble lord , who , when a member of this House , brought in the tolerating Act of 1791 , expressed a partiality in favour of the English Church government of the Roman Catholics , op- 1227 posed to that in Ireland—but no man who will look into the constitution of those governments , can , I think , deliberately give his voice in favor of a delegation , purely dependant upon the will of the Pope , unprotected by the securities of canonical regulation . Such a government is humiliating to the Catholic , and eventually dangerous to the state . It eludes in a great degree an adequate power of regulation—for you can not properly recognize such a delegation—nor can there be strictly speaking any electors of an ecclesiastical delegate , bearing such a commission . [ Sir John Hippisley then went into further details of the objects of a select committee , and its probable beneficial effects upon the public mind , at present labouring under contrasted assertions , without the power of resorting to any authoritative documents to direct their judgment . ] —It can only be by such means that early prejudices can be reconciled to the measures now in contemplation even in the most limited degree—and who could have anticipated fifty years ago that we should now be sitting in deliberation on the claims now before the House ? As I shall have the privilege of offering my sentiments again in the course of the committee , I shall now sit down , declaring that I concur in the motion of my right hon . friend , as a preliminary measure leading to the necessary constitution of another investigation , commensurate to all the preliminary arrangements of a liberal legislative enactment , under those safeguards which the principles of the constitution have an unquestionable right to demand . said , that after the decided majority of the House for going into a committee , he should endeavour to confine himself to the question , on the footing upon which it stood . The Resolution of last session was for considering the question generally , with the view to two objects—the conciliation of the Catholics , and security to the Protestant establishment . It seemed to him , that the promoters of the question did not see their way . He objected to the mode of proceeding which had been adopted by the right hon . mover of the Resolution . He was