most mortal and implacable foreign enemy their country ever had , of the most detestable and execrable tyrant , whom the world ever saw . Whom have they to blame for this state of degradation and inferiority , of which they so loudly and pertinaciously complain ? Whom but themselves ? Why do they not dare to raise their eyes above this night of spiritual darkness and ignorance , in which they voluntarily suffer themselves to be involved ? Why do they not shake off this scandalous foreign yoke ? Why , at least , do they not agree among themselves ( I do not say to abjure the peculiar tenets and articles of their faith ) , but to abjure this foreign interference , in the appointment of their spiritual pastors , whom they might chuse and nominate among themselves , by capitular or provincial election , and who might be instituted and consecrated afterwards , by the hands of their metropolitans , or eldest bishops , in whom , they will not deny , that the apostolic succession continues to exist . For what , if it was not to aid them in shaking off the necessity of foreign interference in these respects , and to enable them to exercise the just and enlightened discipline of a domestic church , was the national college of Maynooth established ? Why is it now supported by a Protestant community at a great expence ? But it is said that citizens of the same state ought to be entitled to equal privileges . But in what sense can those be asserted to be citizens , who profess a divided allegiance ? No man can serve two masters . The Roman Catholics of this day consent to pay only a half allegiance , and are to be considered only as half subjects of our lord the King . The Pope has the other moiety of their allegiance ; and how can those , who will not agree to be citizens , on the footing of their fellow subjects , have a right to expect to enjoy the complete and perfect privileges of citizens ? I , for one , am decided , that , until I receive just and adequate satisfaction , on this essential point of foreign interference , no consideration shall induce me to agree to concede the Roman Catholic claims , to 833 the extent to Which they appear now to be carried ; for I am not speaking of minor and less important relaxations , which may be deemed expedient and proper , to get rid of existing anomalies . But I must also mention another point on which I am inclined to expect some satisfaction , with reference to the present situation of affairs ; I mean some authentic declaration of opinion , on the part of the Catholic bishops and clergy of Great Britain and Ireland , as to what they will consider as the canonical election of the new Pope , the successor , that is to be , of Plus 7 . I think we have a fair right to complain that , during the agitation of this important question , the Roman Catholic clergy have shewn themselves so little disposed to deal candidly and explicitly with us on this subject . Before I agree to go any further , I desire to be distinctly informed whether Buonaparté 's nominee is intended to be acknowledged as the true canonical Pope ? Whether he is to be entitled to their spiritual allegiance ? Whether he is to become the keeper of British and Irish Roman Catholic consciences ? In a recent publication , to which I have already adverted , * there is the following curious passage : `` The archbishop 's palace at Paris is repairing for the Pope ; and it is even intended to pay him some external honours . But we must not be deceived ; all this is only an infernal policy , and to throw dust in the eyes of Austria , Saxony , Ireland , Sicily , and all Catholic nations . The emperor seeing the Pope 's