main scope of it . * '' Here is the natural working of the religious conscience of the Catholic against the prudential and political conscience.—The measure proclaimed to be right and fit , but the vote directed against it , because it tended to the safety of the Protestant establishments of the country , which , as a disciple of the church of Rome , he was bound religiously to discountenance . * See new Parliamentary History of England , vol . 4 , p. 566 . 1014 Sir , what are the securities proposed ? 1st . The Veto , and 2d , the Domestic Nomination of Prelates . The Veto , after an apparent acceptance , has been rejected with abhorrence ; and the domestic nomination with increased abhorrence . I remember incurring some degree of ridicule in this House , some years ago , for intimating that such would be its fate ; for it always appeared to me more objectionable , if it is possible to extract any knowledge of Catholic principles from the ordinary sources of general information upon such subjects . It is certainly a greater violence to those principles to discard the Pope entirely , and to create an independent church , internally governed without him , than to admit his authority , controuled by some interference on the part of the civil sovereign . Take away the Pope , and you take away all the spiritual authority , which is merely derivative from him.—No bishops , —no priests , —no valid administration of sacraments . For all these offices and functions are emanations of that spiritual authority , which resides plenarily and fundamentally in him . To be sure , the last concordat with Buonaparté seems to imply some surrender of this sacred supremacy , for it expressly provides , `` that if the Pope does not confer the investiture within a certain time , the metropolitan shall do it . '' This amounts to little less than an abdication of the papacy , and only proves that the spirit and firmness of that venerable person ( for I wish to speak of him without disrespect ) have at last sunk under his necessity and distresses . However this may be , both these professed securities were rejected by the Irish church , with horror , as contaminating the ark of God . Sir , when I hear it said , ( as I hear it repeatedly said ) that these are the intemperate expressions of violent men , I look about in vain for any grave and public disclaimer of them—they appear to express the universal sentiment—the feelings of reverend prelates—no public body disclaims them—nobody protests against them . There is a profound silence on the other side , if any such side exists . If other sentiments are felt , why are they not expressed ? Why compel us to presume an unanimity in the opinion so vociferously proclaimed , that , to require the securities , is insult and injury , and persecution ? These particular securities being out of the question , ( supposing that their suffi- 1015 ciency was admitted ) what others are prepared ? I hear of none , and therefore am compelled to conclude , that if the thing is to take place , it must take place without any securities at all . It has been admitted by almost every gentleman , that , without reference to any other consideration , foreign influence , which is to be watched at all times , is to be guarded against ; peculiarly , when the Pope is liable to be considered either as the captive or as the protégé of Buonapartéor , indeed , as , in different respects both ; for he is his captive , as chained to a residence in France ; —liber non est qui non potest ire quo vult ; and yet he has been reinvested with some authority , some revenue , and is assured of particular protection , for the numerous wants of the church . It is impossible not to see that the Pontiff 's power is