and never afterwards recovered . I think it but a feeble security ; and if I rightly interpret the right hon . gentleman , to whose speeches I have had frequent occasions to advert , his expectations were not satisfied with it , for he was looking out for further securities . However , I must do justice , at least , to the candour and frankness of the original mover . I regret that I can not pay the same compliment to my hon . friends , from both of whom , and particularly from my right hon . friend , who obtained the resolution of parliament , last year , some elucidation of their further views might naturally have been expected , at the beginning of this debate . At present , they drive us , darkling , into this committee , for surely it is no better , to reserve their plans till a very late hour , —when no man worketh , —when it is impossible to devote any faculty of a fatigued mind to a fair consideration of them . I hope they will immediately recollect this ; in the mean time I have only to add , that my decided vote is against going into the proposed Committee . said , it was with great pain and distrust in his own individual judgment , that he felt himself , on the present occasion , compelled to differ from those with whom he usually acted ; but a sense of duty alone would influence his vote that night . He never felt less prone to suffer personal considerations to enter into a discussion of a great public question , conducted as it had been throughout with the utmost moderation and temper ; he hoped , therefore , that if he held himself bound to repel an accusation brought against him by a right hon . and learned gentleman , ( Mr. Plunket ) on a preceding evening , that right hon . gentleman 1019 would impute the answer to the sincere respect which he thought due to every thing which fell from so distinguished a character . It was charged to him as a fault , that holding the opinions which he held on this subject , he had consented to form part of an administration , whose understood principle , upon their accession to office , was a resistance of the Catholic claims . He must , say in answer to this charge , that so far from feeling it to be disadvantageous to the empire that the control of government should be withheld from this measure , he most decidedly thought that it ought to be above all others entirely free from party struggle . If it could not be carried by the cordial unbiassed wishes of all parties , —if it were not exempt from all influence except its own principle and the deliberate judgment of the represented Commons of England , —it could never be a blessing to the nation . The right hon . and learned gentleman ( whose talents excited the highest admiration , and whose convincing speech could uever be forgot ) might easily call to his recollection , whether it was a taste for office or a sense of duty which induced the present administration some time ago to remain in power . He might also recollect , that the present was not the first administration which had been divided on this very subject : that of which the right hon . gentleman formed so distinguished a part , it was well known was so constituted , that the only Catholic measure in which the persons in that cabinet could concur , was that Bill which they afterwards abandones ; consenting to remain in office , and holding themselves entitled to give individual opinions , instead of the united weight of government , on this very same proposition , which was now before the House . As to the measure itself , his opinion was decidedly in favour of it , as it had been last session . Though he had been called upon by his right