sitting of the last parliament , and the subject of our foreign relations , but there was no information with respect to the dispute with America ; and with respect to Spain , there was nothing which could in anywise enable them to form a judgment as to what was the cause of the late losses which the country had so much reason 91 to deplore . He found himself , therefore , bound to call for information on these subjects . If ever there was a time when enquiry and information were called for , it was the present , when topics of so great and vital importance came before them for discussion and decision . He would ask whether the House recollected the lamentable situation in which the executive government was placed ? Were they not informed that the recovery of his Majesty was hopeless ; and that the frequent paroxysms to which he was subject rendered his life so precarious , that the existence of the present parliament was likely to be of very short duration , unless the noble lord should think proper to propose , what he had heard was his intention , early in the present session , namely , an Act for the continuance of its sitting notwithstanding the demise of his Majesty ? Whether so bold an experiment was to be tried he knew not ; but if such an infraction of the constitution should ever be attempted , he would oppose it , if alive , to the utmost of his power . If , however , such a proposition was not intended to be made , the tenure of their existence was necessarily precarious , and it behoved them therefore to take the earliest opportunity of applying to the Prince Regent , for information on the state of affairs . He did not believe that even the noble lord wished to stifle all inquiry into the transactions of Spain , or the negociation with America : for even now the noble lord had said that a negociation was on foot with America . Why should not the House be made acquainted with the steps that had been taken with respect to that country . He trusted that this flimsy pretence would neither be offered or received as a ground for withholding that intelligence from parliament which he contended to be so indispensable to their taking a right view of the political interests of the country , externally and internally.—There was another topic on which the Speech had not touched , at which he for one could not help expressing his astonishment , the more especially when he called to mind the debates and resolutions which had taken place upon it in the last parliament . He alluded to what was commonly called the Catholic Question . He wished to know why the noble lord had not counselled the Prince Regent , who was known to have once entertained sentiments favourable to the Catholics , after the debates which had taken place in that House , and 92 the small majorities which had been obtained , to take notice of the claims ? Why he had not advised his Royal Highness to introduce into the Speech one small paragraph about Ireland , the omission of which could not but be a subject of mortification and indignation to the inhabitants of that country ? —There were other circumstances intimately connected with our continental connections , which , in his opinion , ought to have formed a prominent part of the Speech , instead of being as they were , studiously avoided . One of these was the depreciated state of the currency of the country . If he was not grossly misinformed , such was the absolute want of specie , that the officers of that gallant army which had achieved those glorious victories of which we so deservedly boasted , were even unable to provide themselves with any of the comforts of life—at least , that no subaltern was enabled to provide himself with any other means of subsistence or additional comfort of life beyond the rations which he obtained from