the Chancellor would , at some time or other , and , he presumed to think , at no great distance too , be withdrawn from all except his appellant duties ; and would not that lead to all the evils to which he had allud- 527 ed as likely to result in respect to all our other judicial situations ? Among the arguments used by the supporters of the Bill , there were none which excited in his mind more surprize as addressed to a deliberative assembly than that which maintained that gentlemen had no right to object to the present measure unless they had something better to propose in place of it . Surely no proposition could be more unreasonable in principle , or in its application to this particular case . On a subject of such a nature how few even of the members of that House could be supposed adequate to form an exact opinion of the evil , or bring their minds to an investigation of all its branches and bearings ; and , if there were not probably more than six gentlemen in the House who had maturely considered the subject , and were aware of the evil , how could they be supposed to have found a remedy ? But suppose that he , as a person who had applied his mind to its consideration , thought some system as an adequate remedy to the evil complained of , was to be found in a person of eminence already holding a judicial situation , how was be , an unauthorized individual , to come with it matured for the approbation of the House ? No man could come without authority with a matured plan for the consideration of the House ; but any man might come forward and state his opinion on such plan as was submitted for their consideration . It might be , that he had revolved a plan—it might be , that he conceived that one learned judge had more time than was necessary to the discharge of his peculiar duties , and might beneficially assist in the removal of the evils complained of in another court ; yet to suppose that he or any other person , under those circumstances , could bring forward a perfect plan for adoption , was to suppose what did not belong to the nature of the subject . Without assuming , therefore , more than belonged to the circumstances that attended the examination of the question before them , he should suggest to the House a remedy , which , he was satisfied , would be found fully equal to meet the evil in its broadest extent . There was an office created for no other purpose but to assist the Lord Chancellor , and when that judge wanted more assistance , was not their attention naturally directed to the office so created ? The office of the Master of the Rolls was such office , and the question was , could the 528 House , by a different distribution of the business , make him more effective for the end for which he was constituted ? As he had only 20 effectual juridical-days , and only 100 fractions of days at present occupied , so it followed that he had one half of his time unappropriated . But an hon . and learned friend of his had said , that though the Master of the Rolls had less of his time occupied in court , he had many other important duties to discharge ; for his part , he did not understand what was meant by the word attached to the office—he did not understand any duty to be attached to an office unless it entered into its constitution and specially belonged to it . Those duties described to be attached to the office of Master of the Rolls were Prize and Plantation Appeals . He however , contended , that the Master of the Rolls had no more to do with those causes than any other privy counsellor . He had his ( the Master of the Rolls ) own words