on earth could license men to lie , forswear , or perjure themselves , or to act against their country , under the pretence of serving the cause of religion ; and all pardons issued on such grounds , could have no validity , and would only add sacrilege and blasphemy to the above mentioned crimes . `` —The noble lord had said this was not the time at which the measure that might be resolved on , in favour of the Catholics , could be immediately carried into effect : that it was one , which ought not to be hurried , which could not he come to in a day . No one wished it to be hurried ; on the contrary , they were ready to give any time for the consideration of it which the public might think reasonable . Motions on this subject , it was formerly said , were useless ; but , he would ask , had the discussion of the claims done no good for the cause ? He had heard , indeed , that the sense of the country was against it , but he believed the contrary to be the fact , and that the great body of the property and information of the country was decidedly in favour of the Catholics ; and this he believed to be the effect of the frequent discussions which had taken place on the subject . The objection made to the declaration of the inviolability of the Protestant establishment in the proposed Bill , he thought futile and ridiculous . It might as well have been contended that because the security of the Protestant succession to the throne had been enlarged upon in the Bill of Rights , that that Act had settled the succession ; as it could never be maintained that those laws which it was proposed to name in the Bill to be brought in , could appear by that to have been enacted . Nothing could be rationally apprehended from admitting the Catholics to the privileges of the constitution . They would naturally be attached to that form of government which gave them emancipation . Was it feared that they would enter into a traitorous correspondence , or commit treasonable offences ? If they were to act thus , would they not be amenable to the common law ? Was it supposed that they would attempt to rise in a body to kill the 1040 Protestants ? If they were disposed to act thus in consequence of their being admitted to the constitution , would it not be in the power of those who gave them emancipation to reduce them to their present situation again ? This could not be doubted ; nor could it be doubted that the Protestants , who relieved them from the disabilities of which they complained , would guard against the succession of a Catholic to the throne.—He denied that going into a Committee , even if they did nothing , would exasperate the Protestants and disappoint the Catholics . Oh ! but it was said , they must give the Catholics every thing they asked , or they would not be satisfied . Had the Catholics said so ? was there no reason to believe they would be grateful if but a part of what they asked were granted ? But they would not be satisfied , it was said . If they meant by satisfied , that they would never ask any thing more , he would not promise this for them . And could it be any imputation on any class of subjects , that while any disqualifications remained , they should apply to parliament for relief ? By going into the Committee they would shew a spirit of conciliation which he thought would be likely to do more good than any thing that had been done for centuries . They had not taken their claims into consideration , and going into a Committee was a great advance in favour of the Catholic cause . The charges brought against the right hon . mover for not bringing forward his Bill ,