Catholics could 1246 desire . The measure , if perfected , would be a boon to one country , and a blessing to the other ; and he should do his humble endeavours to bring it to that state . If it should so happen that measures should be attempted to be connected with it which he considered of a dangerous nature to the constitution , rather than give his sanction to them , he would imitate the noble lord and withdraw his support ; though he did not consider this event as at all probable , but only reserved to himself the right , if in the future discussion any insuperable obstacle should arise , to withdraw from the course that he had hitherto pursued , satisfied that things should remain in their existing state , rather than that his sanction should be given to any thing dangerous to the establishments of the country . The discussion of that night had added much to his hopes and his expectations . He knew not what effect might have been produced on the minds of others ; but with him it had done more to strengthen his hopes , and do away his apprehensions , than any former debate , when so much more had been conceded on all sides than had ever been conceded before , so as to disarm irritation if it did not overcome objection . In debates on this question , and on other questions , it had been usual for the one party to charge the other with pursuing wild and unattainable objects . But to-night a singular objection was made , that all the objectionable parts of the measure had been done away . It was certainly a new objection that the measure had lost all its convenient extravagance . This absence of fault had been imputed to the plan as culpable , though he could not but think it highly fortunate . There was , however , one right hon . gentleman who was still consistent ( Dr. Duigenan ) one who never flinched from his duty , and who now remained in a dignified and respectable solitude , like a mighty pillar , standing erect amidst the ruins from which every other person had fled . To night , with the exception of the voice of that right hon . and learned gent. , which those who formerly concurred with him in opinion seemed anxious to drown , lest it might reproach them with its abandonment , with that sole exception there was a complete dereliction of any attempt to assert the old arguments that had been urged on the subject . Not one individual rose up in support of the existing system . The charge on the one side was that their ad- 1247 versaries ceased to be bigotted , and , on the other , that they ceased to be obstinate . Discussion on this question , therefore , had had the effect which temperate discussion ought always to have—that of approximating parties . Extremes which seemed irreconcilable were now so nearly approached that the one side could almost hold out their hands and reach the held out bands of their antagonist . Those who seemed before to be at an immeasurable distance from each other , had by mutual compromise approached into view ; and union and peace were placed within their grasp . Every one who spoke that night must feel himself bound not to let the subject go without proposing what he thought right . They might not succeed in accomplishing what all desired ; but if they did not succeed in perfecting the system which the right hon . gentleman had in contemplation , they had at least the arguments respecting the danger of foreign influence , and the admission of one right hon . and distinguished member ( the Speaker ) that it could not remain as it was , but must become subject to legislative interference . They had the admission that things must not remain as at present ; they had the admission that the army must not remain as it was , but