capable of performing more than the stockholder had a right to look to , or the public to expect . But in considering the case of the stockholder it was impossible for him to overlook that great and numerous body of the stockholders to whom a respite of four years from increasing taxation would be more valuable than to almost any other class in the community ; they comprised that body of annuitants who drew a limited income from the funds , which formed their sole subsistence . They had not , like most other classes of men , the means of increasing their income by their industry , or of giving an additional value to their properly . On such persons every addition of taxation fell with unmitigated severity , and to such the relief to be obtained from the proposed system would be most seasonable and salutary . He trusted and believed that it would be so received and 1104 felt , and that the blessings of thousands of widows and orphans would be poured down , not upon him for suggesting the plan , but upon parliament for sanctioning it . Some conversation then took place across the table as to the repetition now of the arguments employed on the question of the Sinking Fund in 1802 . The Chancellor of the Exchequer admitted that the stockholder , after a lapse of thirty years , would be benefited , but until that period arrived his condition would be worse after the adoption of this plan than before it . lamented that he should not live to enjoy any of the fruits of this noble scheme , since the advantages were postponed to so remote a period . The right hon . gentleman might be content with this distant view of the promised land , but for his part , he had rather experience some immediate benefits . referred to the inconvenience that might result from paying off the whole of the national debt : it would be little better than a national bankruptcy ; and illustrated it by referring to the case of the elector of Saxony , who had been petitioned by a vast number of persons to continue to them the public security for money they could not otherwise dispose of . The Chairman then reported progress , and it was ordered that the Report be taken into further consideration on the 15th . presented a petition from the Catholics of the county of Galway , praying the repeal of disabilities . His lordship took that opportunity ( as he might not be present at the discussion of the question ) to declare his opinion that the removal of these disabilities was not only the wisest and most politic , but also the only safe course that could be adopted . presented petitions from certain Christians at Sheffield and its neighbourhood , and from the Protestant Dissenters there , praying for the repeal of all disabilities on account of religious opinions . He also presented a petition in favour of the Catholic Claims , from the portmen of Ipswich , and one to the same 1105 effect from the inhabitants of Berwick-upon-Tweed . With respect to the latter , his lordship observed , that a petition from the corporation , against the Catholic claims , had been presented , which had been agreed to at a meeting , by a majority of those present ; but he was instructed to state , that the present petition was signed by 80 of the burgesses , forming , in fact , a majority of the corporation . presented a petition from the Protestant dissenting ministers of the three denominations in London and its vicinity , praying for the repeal of all disabilities , on account of religious opinions . His lordship observed , that the petitioners were the successors of those persons who had so materially contributed to the restoration of Charles the 2nd , and of those , who , at a later period , had consented to acts , which involved the sacrifice of their own privileges , with the most disinterested view of supporting