. gentleman or himself , could be justified in delivering a decided opinion . rose and said : Sir ; anticipating that I shall probably vote in a minority , on this occasion , I am anxious , as briefly as possible , to state the grounds upon which I shall give my vote : it may be owing to my ignorance of the forms of the House , but really , Sir , I do think , in consequence of the concluding part of the noble lord 's speech , many members are placed in an aukward predicament . Is the going into the committee a mere matter of form ? Is it intended , in that committee , substantially , and , one by one , to consider the details of this great measure ; a measure depending in its policy , in its safety , in 1029 its practicability , avowedly on details ? If this committee is to be mere matter of form , or rather to be considered a necessary step preliminary to entertaining any bill on the subject of so important a constitutional change , I am no longer surprised that those who argue for full and unqualified concession , without any reserve or restriction whatever , should now vote for the first formal preliminary . They will do right , and act consistently . But I am certain that many , who have delivered their sentiments , in the course of this debate , on both sides , have been equally unapprised with myself , of the precise , nature of this committee ; for to those who argued what were considered as minor matters of detail , it was constantly answered , 'All this is fit subject for the committee ; ' and , indeed , many who expressed their intention to vote for this committee , distinctly stated their grounds for such vote to be these , that full opportunity would be given , in the committee , for the most ample discussion . This expectation , however , it now seems , will be disappointed and the discussion is to be reserved for the Bill itself . Now , to those who agree with me , that great difficulties are involved in the consideration of this question ; but who , seeing these difficulties , much in the same light with myself , still see their way out of them , —to such persons I wish particularly to address myself . I object to this first step , because I anticipate no result but mischief , confusion , and dangerous irritation . For what has the House come to after three nights ' serious debate ? Nothing , as I conceive , but an acknowledgment , that the difficulties , upon investigation , are increased instead of diminished . The right hon . gentleman who opened the debate , has not very explicitly described his plan . He stated that the disabilities of the Roman Catholics ought to be done away , but , at the same time , that care must be taken to preserve inviolate our present establishments . How this was to be done , the right non . gentleman did not explain . Then followed a right hon . and learned gentleman , to whose speech so much reference has been justly made , for its candour , moderation , manliness , and eloquence ; and he , conceiving that the mover 's views had not been clearly understood , stated , that the safeguards , in his contemplation , were Domestic Nomination , salaries to the clergy , and some arrangements about education . He distinctly 1030 objected to the Veto , as having been already rejected , and not worth contending for . This called up an hon . baronet , whose industry , information , and zeal , in favour of those claims , entitle him to the warmest thanks of the Roman Catholics , and to every attention from this House ; and he stated , that Domestic Nomination could not be listened to ; the Veto must be adopted , and