of history or poetry could never equal , which imagination herself could not decorate with a splendor beyond the colouring of truth , and which ranked him among the most renowned generals of this or any other age , he had a right to infer that that army bad received strong and efficient reinforcements since the battle of Salamanca . Now , where was lord Wellington 's reinforcements during the same period ? Scattered every where : some in port at home , some on the ocean , and some landed at too great a distance to be of any use . Fifteen hundred men reached him on the 24th , four days after he had begun his retreat . Where were the others ? One regiment advanced as far as Benevento , and were forced to retreat again to the frontiers . Two regiments were landed at Corunna , and were re-embarked for Lisbon , where they arrived just in time , probably , to reach lord Wellington at the commencement of the next campaign , certainly not much sooner . Such was the state of the war in the peninsula—such the manner in which it had been conducted—and he would ask their lordships whether , if the same exertions had been used by the ministers in this country as were employed by the enemy , might not lord Wellington have been able to prosecute to their full extent his operations against Burgos ? He would now , however , call their attention for a few moments to the Sicilian expedition , as it had been denominated . He had stated that the plan of that expedition had been concerted with lord Wellington when he was before Badajoz . In consequence of the improved fortune of our affairs in Italy , it was thought that a part of our force might be spared to co-operate with our armies in Spain : and , if it had arrived at the proper season on the southeast coast of that country , at the time when lord Wellington fully expected it , Suchet would have been utterly unable to detach a corps to reinforce Joseph 's army : Joseph must rather have hastened to assist Suchet . Such a timely arrival would 29 have been a real service : but like all the rest of the system , it was imperfect exactly at that moment when it was most required to be perfect ; something was done , but not all ; and what was done was of no use . The first division arrived in the course of June , but it was so small that it could effect nothing . Suchet , meanwhile , wrote to Joseph that he could not proceed with his whole corps , but that he sent him a reinforcement , and which reinforcement , it afterwards proved , had the effect of subverting every great object of the campaign . Suchet had nothing to apprehend from the Sicilian expedition in the force to which it at that period amounted . Some time afterwards , however—about the end of July—arrived the remainder . They appeared on the coast of Catalonia , and he was very much afraid , though he was far from intending to impute blame to any of the commanders concerned in that expedition , that all they did was to excite the Catalonians to a demonstration of attachment to the British and Spanish cause , which led , in the result , to dreadful executions among them . It had left also , on the minds of the Catalonians , sentiments of suspicion , alienation , and hatred , which it would be difficult , he apprehended , to eradicate . It was thought advisable , that this expedition should operate either at Barcelona or Tarragona , or some part intermediate : but at last they arrived where no human being could have anticipated their presence , and then became utterly extinct as to any efficient purpose to the prosecution of the war . He had been told there were various ways of accounting for this indecision : at one time it was