to the spirit and practice of the constitution . The right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) would agree to some temporary and contingent provisions and conditions suitable to the acceptance and conformity of the Catholics . Surely , Sir , so vague , —so indefinite a system , could not be attended with any results satisfactory either to the claims of the Roman Catholics , or to the views of the Protestants most favourable to those claims . What could be the security they would hold out ? What ground could the claimants have for their permanence ? They might remain altogether , if unaccepted , a dead letter ; and if accepted , they might be repealed by any new parliament . Upon due consideration of the whole of this important question , I am convinced , that the proposition under just regulations may , so far from being dangerous to the church and state , give great additional security to the constitution , and impart new strength to the British empire . Under this impression , I shall give my vote for going into the committee : yet I must say , that parliament will , notwithstanding , be unprepared immediately to proceed to the final adjustment of all the necessary regulations and guards for the preservation of our happy establishment , whether civilly or religiously considered . There unquestionably does appear to me , at the present moment , an almost insurmountable obstacle , in the state to which the Pope is reduced , and in the thraldom to which he is degraded by a perfidious and inveterate enemy ; yet I will not presume to maintain , that this obstacle , great as it is , may not be overcome by precautions and provisions , which it will become the duty of the committee and the House to ascertain and to adopt . I can not but consider it prudent and wise in the House to take the whole of the case under their grave consideration ; their interference must be felt with gratitude , and the consequences may be productive of the most salutary benefits not to the Catholics only , but to the general interests of the empire . Upon these principles I feel it my duty to go into the committee , 1028 where all the doubts and difficulties connected with the subject may be fairly met and discussed , and where investigation will , in all probability , produce results equally calculated to give satisfaction to the Catholics , and security to the constitution in church and state . assured the House , that if he were convinced any real benefits were likely to arise from going into the proposed committee , no man could be more disposed to assent to that measure than himself . He fell it due , however , to his own feelings and conviction , to observe , as the noble lord had mentioned the authority of Mr. Pitt , as having undergone no change of mind with respect to the question before the House , that if the noble lord meant to say , that Mr. Pitt was of opinion relief should be extended to the Catholics of Ireland , he agreed with the noble lord ; but if the noble lord meant to say that Mr. Pitt 's mind had undergone no change whatever on the subject , he should beg leave to differ totally with the noble lord ; for he was convinced that if Mr. Pitt were at that moment in the House , he would vote against the motion . contended , that Mr. Pitt had been uniformly consistent in supporting the expediency of the Catholic claims ; and in advocating that sentiment , exclusively of his own individul experience of that great statesman 's opinions , he begged leave to appeal to the causes which had influenced his going out of office . With regard to the particular line of conduct which Mr. Pitt might adopt , were he then present , he would leave it to the House to decide , whether either the right hon