they think right , either to perfect this great work in the sense of its author , or to add to , or limit , the original design . For my own part , I consider myself as technically pledged by my vote of this night no further than merely to the entering into a committee . But I can have no difficulty in declaring that I go into that committee prepared to agree to a recognition of the general principle which I have just stated , that it is expedient to remove Catholic disabilities so far as that can be done consistently 1063 with Protestant security ; —I should rather say , perhaps , for the correct expression of my own particular views , to remove them for the express purpose of making the whole fabric of our establishments more secure . But I do not consider myself as in any degree pledged to particular details . After the general principle shall have been affirmed , there will , no doubt , be many shades of difference to reconcile , even among persons who approach the nearest to each other in opinion . The right hon . mover and myself , for instance , set out with a general concurrence as to the great object , but with some difference of views as to the means of its accomplishment ; he , actuated ( I may say so , without offence ) by prejudices of the best and most honourable kind , prejudices arising from personal acquaintance and long established reciprocal regard , in favour of those whose cause he has so strenuously and so perseveringly pleaded ; I am favourable ( no man more so , not the right hon . gentleman himself ) to the final settlement of this important question , but not feeling nor pretending to feel for the claims of the Catholics , with the partiality of a partisan . Anxious , indeed , I am , most sincerely anxious to admit them to the franchises of the constitution , to see them take their place among their fellow-subjects without distinction , without disfavour , but thus anxious , I fairly own , not for the sake of their peculiar interests , but for the benefit of the whole community . Such differences as these are not irreconcilable where there is a cordial agreement on the fundamental point . We may differ , we may by possibility even divide against each other on points of minor detail , upon an office more or less to be excepted , upon a condition more or less to be imposed ; but such accidental difference , even if pushed to the extent of a division , would not affect our general fundamental concurrence in principle ; and will not afford ( let them be assured ) any chance of triumph to those common adversaries of the question , who ground their expectation of success on the dissension of its advocates . My hon . friend opposite to me ( Mr. Bankes ) has called upon me to state , at once and in particular detail , all my views and opinions , my limits of concession , and my notions of security , on the present stage of the proceeding . With all due deference to my hon . friend , I do not 1064 think that this is the time , nor , to speak fairly , do I think that he is the person to call upon me for such a disclosure . Had my hon . friend declared his own vote to be suspended until he should hear my plan , there might be some temptation held out to me to do what would be , in other respects , imprudent and ill-limed , for the chance of obtaining his individual but powerful support . But my hon . friend has already declared his vote to be perfectly decided ; and has moreover given the House to understand that he is pretty well aware of the nature of my plans . On what possible ground then does he call upon me to state them