expressions of his , yet as he stood in a very prominent situation , and had not unfrequently delivered 613 his opinions on American affairs , the allusions made to him by the noble lord appeared to be so direct , that he felt himself now bound to speak , lest he should be subjected to a charge of inconsistency . The House must remember , for they had often heard him speak on the subject , what his sentiments were on the Orders in Council . From the commencemencement of that system to its conclusion , he had ventured to foretel , that if persevered in , it would produce hostilities between the two countries . And , when his Majesty 's ministers , in compliance with the wishes of that House and of the country , thought fit to revoke those Orders , he had expressed his conviction , however adverse he had been to them , and however pleased he was at their revocation , that the measure was too tardy to prevent the mischief and avoid the breaking out of war . He had also observed , that if it did not prevent hostilities , and if America manifested an angry and acrimonious spirit towards this country , or persevered in unreasonable demands , he would be as ready to oppose any unjustifiable encroachments attempted by her , as the firmest friend to those Orders in Council could possibly be . The noble lord had travelled much farther back into the history of the Orders in Council than he wished to go . There was now no question before the House , founded on them . They had been revoked , but they had not produced peace ; we were at present in a state of war ; and , from every thing he could collect , on a subject wholly distinct from , and unconnected with , the Orders in Council . The noble lord said , that , under all the circumstances of the case , he thought his Majesty 's ministers were fairly entitled to the approbation of the House ; but , whether that might be the fact or not , he conceived the House was bound , at present , to support the crown in the prosecution of the war ; and he confessed , for his own part , that though he might animadvert on some of the observavations in the Address moved , and on some of the expressions used by the noble lord , he felt no disposition in his mind to vote against the general proposition . In the first place , the war was not of our making ; the crown had not declared that war ; the American government had declared it . And , therefore , there must be a strong case made out , for the power which sought war to induce them not to support their government in the situation in 614 which it had been placed , or refuse their best co-operation in aiding it to repel aggression . The papers which had been laid before the House , contained a variety of letters arising out of the negociaron which had recently taken place between the two countries . The most important subject which they comprised was the question of impressment ; for , as to the Orders in Council , in a commercial or political point of view , they had been given up and were now entirely out of the case ; they were given up , and constituted no ground of the war at present carried on between America and this country . From these papers , three particular stages of negociation were apparent , to which he thought the attention of the House ought to be directed ; and on each of which he would offer a few observations and deliver an opinion in the perfect spirit of candour and fairness . The first stage was , the overture made by Mr. Russell to the noble lord for an armistice , with the understanding , that , `` during its continuance , there was to be a