and an anxious watchfulness to guard the interests of the unprotected and absent . Nor are the liberal hospitalities and a splendour of life , corresponding with the munificence of parliament , and suitable to the high station of the first and most distinguished commoner of the realm , wholly without their grace or value . These appear to be the most prominent qualities to be sought in the person , whom the House shall select for its choice . If in presuming to propose a person for that choice , it had been necessary to be guided by my own uninstructed discernment and opinion , I should have known myself sufficiently to have shrunk from the task , and to have left its execution to some other member , whose superior weight and consideration might better entitle his recommendation to the concurrence of the House . 5 That this great nation sending to parliament the representatives of the Commons of the United Kingdom , chosen , by the happy practice of the constitution , from the most eminent and enlightened of every class of society , should furnish several persons competently qualified for the discharge of this high office , many and arduous as its duties appear to be , it would be improper and unjust to question ; but I can not avoid congratulating myself , and I venture to congratulate the House , that upon the present occasion it is unnecessary to select upon the mere hope and future promise of competent qualification , but that the House may fix its choice upon the secure basis of tried excellence and unerring experience . Those members , who are now present for the first time , may have supposed , while I have been endeavouring to describe the rare qualities which should unite in the person to be designated for the Chair of the House , that I have been tracing the outlines of a picture , which could exist only in imagination ; but those , who have sat in former parliaments , will have recognized a portrait , however faintly and imperfectly drawn , of that highly gifted person , who ill the four last parliaments , filled the Chair of this House , in a manner that procured to him the unequivocal test of universal admiration , esteem and confidence . It is unnecessary to propose the name of Mr. ABBOT ; and it is no less superfluous to refer back to those qualities , which in earlier life marked him out as an upright and enlightened member of parliament , firmly attached to our invaluable constitution , and zealously engaged in promoting the interests and welfare of the country , and which originally recommended him to the choice of the House . It is not without being unfeignedly conscious of considerable presumption , that an individual with so little pretension has now ventured to address the House upon this its first meeting , and upon so interesting and important a subject . An apology is unquestionably due ; but I must throw myself upon the candour and indulgence of the House , frankly acknowledging that I could not resist the gratification which would be afforded me , by an opportunity of publicly testifying and expressing ( though in terms very inadequate to my own feelings , and very insufficient to satisfy those of the House ) the strong sentiments of esteem and regard , of veneration and respect , to which the 6 eminent person already mentioned is so I justly entitled . I could not withstand the pleasure and satisfaction of proposing , and I anticipate with perfect confidence the unanimous concurrence of the House in the motion which I now make , `` That the right hon . CHARLES ABBOT do take the Chair of this House as Speaker . '' , esq . addressing himself likewise to the Deputy to the Clerk of the House ( who standing up , pointed to him , and then sat down ) spake to the effect following : Mr. Ley ; in rising to second the motion of my right hon . and learned