, no doubt , would be desirous of delivering their sentiments upon the subject . There were many objections he entertained against this measure , which he would not enter into at present , but which would probably be stated upon the third reading ; and he trusted the noble and learned lord would so far accede to a full consideration of his intended measure , as to postpone its final consideration till after the holidays . In the mean time he should make the motion of which he had given notice , and against which , he believed , there could be no objection . did not rise to oppose the motion of the noble lord , but he could assure the House , that no information could be derived from the Report alluded to , capable of altering their opinions upon the measure which he had the honour to propose . Their lordships would recollect that this subject had been under their consideration for nearly three years ; that a committee had been appointed , who were unanimously of opinion that the evil com- 183 plained of required immediate remedy ; and that the same committee , composed of persons of all others most competent to suggest a remedy , had recommended the measure now proposed . With respect to the motion of the noble lord , it only went to the production of a Report which had little connection with the causes and grounds of the present measure . The Report was made by a committee appointed to enquire into the causes of delay in the proceedings of the Court of Chancery , and chiefly arose , he believed , out of a disposition to ascertain whether the causes in that court had increased . The causes in that court had certainly increased , and , from the increase of causes in all the courts below , the Lord Chancellor was precluded from deriving that assistance from the judges , which was given to my lord Hardwicke and others . But the increase of causes in the Court of Chancery did not apply to the increase of Appeals and Writs of Error in the House of Lords . The arrear of these Appeals and Writs of Error was enormous ; it now amounted to more than 270 , which would require from 12 to 13 years to decide , according to the mode in which these causes had been hitherto decided , without taking into calculation the accumulating arrear which would take place in the interval . This delay in the decision of Appeals was a growing evil , and one of enormous magnitude and great grievance to the suitor.—The noble and learned lord next proceeded to notice the hardships of many individual cases , where the parties were put to the most serious loss and the greatest inconvenience . In one instance , the rents and profits now depending , in consequence of delay , amounted to 30,000l . and , in others , his lordship shewed what injurious effects might result from a further delay on the death of the parties . The measure proposed by the present Bill had been discussed in the last session , and neither the noble lord , nor any other peer , had then suggested any alteration in lieu of the present ; When the Bill miscarried in the other House , he had promised to bring it forward this session ; and , in now proposing it to their lordships ' consideration , he had kept his word and discharged his duty . It was intended that a Vice Chancellor should attend to the business of Chancery , while the noble and learned lord on the woolsack sat from ten till three o'clock , for three days in the week , deciding cases now before the House . How- 184 ever early this Bill might pass , a considerable part of the session was likely to elapse before it could be carried into effect . He was , therefore , inclined to oppose any measure whatever likely to produce delay , but at the same time he could