and of honour—that he could ever so far abuse the power with which he was entrusted . Much had been said about the multiplicity of appeals which would be caused by the adoption of the measure before the House , and the creation of an intermediate jurisdiction . But it was too much the interest of the suitors to have their causes quickly decided , to be supposed they would venture on the tedious repetition of their suits by making appeals against the decision of any judge , particularly of such an officer as the Vice-Chan- 466 cellor , and it might be added , that the Lord Chancellor would have the power to put at once before himself such causes as were most likely to be made matter of appeal . At any rate , the objection did not apply with greater force here than it did to the courts of the Master of the Rolls , and the puisne judges acting under a commission : and surely the power of distributing business was such an additional instrument of discharging the great functions of the office , as counterbalanced the evils arising from the presumed increase of appeals . It had been urged , that the measure would transform the Lord Chancellor from the first law authority in the kingdom , to a mere state magistrate , and this was said on the suspicion , that he would intrust the decision of matters of importance to the Vice-Chancellor . Never was there an opinion more unfounded , nay ( without disrespect he said it ) , never more absurd , than to suppose a Chancellor would abdicate his judicial character ; the honour and responsibility of the situation were sufficient security against such an event . If the principle of arguing on suspicion were carried to any length , there was no reason why lord Ellenborough should not withdraw from the execution of the duties of his situation , and intrust the functions of his office to his assistants . Certainly lord Ellenborough was only bound to the performance of the duties of his office , by the ties similar to those which bound the Lord Chancellor , and he knew of no law which prevented his withdrawing himself entirely from the court ; yet would any man alarm his mind with the possibility of such an event ? Was it not a suspicion equally chimerical , to suppose that the Lord Chancellor would walk about the streets doing nothing , and leave his business to be transacted by his Vice-Chancellor : nor was it less unlikely that he would absent himself from parliamentary causes . It would be wrong in the House to legislate on such principles . In Ireland business was so arranged that the Master of the Rolls afforded the same assistance to the Lord Chancellor which was here proposed to be given by the Vice-Chancellor , and this arrangement was made , in consequence of a Bill which he had brought into that House . When that Bill creating such regulation was first proposed , objections had been made to it , similar to those now started to the Bill before the House . The object which both the Bills had in view was similar , namely , to 467 provide an auxiliary instrument to the Lord Chancellor , and it was then said , as now , that the Chancellor ( lord Clare ) would become a mere state-officer . The best answer to this objection was furnished by the conduct of the four distinguished persons who had since that period filled that high situation . Not one of the eminent characters had ever withdrawn one moment of their time from their judicial business for political purposes , or ever used the assistance of the Master of the Rolls except as an auxiliary . Experience proved that the object had been attained in the case of the former Bill , so that it was but rational to conclude that the object should be effectually accomplished by the Bill then under the consideration of the House.—Some persons had said that the whole expences of the