the Speaker , were called to that council , till he read the Pilot Newspaper of that evening , containing what was said to be the Report alluded to in the Letter of the Princess of Wales , and signed by 22 members of the council . The House , in his opinion , could not be satisfied without further explanation ; and it was the duty of ministers , in the first instance , to have moved for an authentic copy of the Report that was agreed to * . It was also right that the * The following is a Copy of the said Report : replied , that he would not consent to be put on his defence for any petition , or to give any explanations , if no individual thought proper to submit a motion upon it . It was his duty as a privy counsellor not to disclose the secrets of the council without the permission of the crown—nothing should induce him to swerve from his course of duty ; but at the same time he would say , that he had given no advice which he was not willing to avow and to defend . If the hon . member had read the Report , he would find it was not open to the construction put upon it . The question for the consideration of the council was not one of charge , but one relating to regulations under which her Royal Highness was to be allowed to see her daughter . then read the Report , and said the public were ignorant of all the circumstances which had induced the would still persevere in refusing to answer any questions arising was not calling in question the intentions but the acts of ministers—their intentions he did not know . asked whether it was the said , that whenever any intention of that nature was entertained by the Prince Regent 's ministers , due notice would be given of it , thought it the bounden duty of ministers to take up the business , which was of the greatest importance in every point of view , and not of so trivial a nature as the noble lord affected to consider it . declared , that whenever the gallery was cleared , he should persist in moving an adjournment and he now again moved that the House should adjourn . expressed his regret that the trusted that the hon . member would exercise the power which said , in explanation , that the said , that he had shewn his disapprobation of the question of adjournment by voting against it , as he should do again if driven to that necessity . explained his motive in moving an adjournment on a former occasion not to be a wish to have an audience hear his speech . trusted that the House would never be called upon to deliberate on the right of moving the question of adjournment . The mode , however , in which that right had now been exercised , was observed , that any gentleman who involved the House in this unpleasant dilemma , took the responsibility upon himself . The hon . mover ( Mr. C. Johnstone ) had withdrawn his motion expressly rose to inquire whether if he withdrew his motion for an adjournment , the motion for clearing the gallery would be also withdrawn ? said , that the hon . member had better move at once that the standing order should be rescinded . thought the enforcement of the standing order , in this instance , unseasonable , though he considered that order essential to the independence of the House . It had happened to him to have the gallery cleared in consequence of something that fell from him in debate , but he had not thought it necessary to declare—immediately to declare , that he would speak no more . He would therefore recommend the same line to the hon . gentleman , and either to renew his motion at once , or to move that the Report which he had read should be laid on the table