future . There would be no difference of principle ; and the point in dispute would be settled only on grounds of reciprocal convenience . But I acknowledge that my construction of the act of Anne was altogether different ( Hear , hear ! ) . I understood that by it this country professed to give that only which it is competent to bestow , without interfering in any degree with the rights or claims of other powers ; that it imparted to foreigners on certain conditions certain municipal privileges ; but leaves untouched and unimpaired their native allegiance . ( Hear , hear ! ) The operation of this Act , as I understood it , before the hon . gentleman 's commentary , was not to hold out to foreign seamen , that at the same time that they may become entitled to possess or to inherit property , and to participate in all the blessings of the British constitution , all the ties which bind them to their native country are loosened : not to assert that by any service to a foreign state he can relieve himself from that indelible allegiance which he owes to the government under which he was born . The enactments of this statute are a testimony of national gratitude to brave men of whatever country who may lend their aid in fighting the battles of Great Britain : but not an invitation 636 to them to abandon the cause of their own country when it may want their aid ; not an encouragement to them to deny or to undervalue the sacred and indestructible duty which they owe to their own sovereign , and to their native soil . ( Hear , hear ! ) Such being the real intention of the Act , what similitude , what analogy can be drawn between it and the pretensions of America ? In the papers upon the table of the House it is asserted by our enemies , that British seamen once enrolled in the American service become the seamen of the United States of America , and the government of that country declares that it must protect them against the claims of their undoubted sovereign , even when he on their allegiance demands their service in war ; in the present war for instance , which he is unwillingly compelled to wage . Taking the converse of the hon . gentleman 's proposition , then , I should say that if the American government would adopt such a provision as that quoted by the hon . gentleman from the Act of queen Anne , in that case , if all differences were not instantly and altogether removed , at least the question in dispute would be greatly and advantageously narrowed . But , coupled with the inordinate and unheard-of rights of citizenship which the United States pretend to confer , to the annihilation of the claims of nativity and allegiance , the practical abuses of which we have also a right to complain , in seducing or harbouring our seamen , even independently of the principles and pretensions by which they are defended , would be of themselves matter of serious grievance . Were these principles and pretensions once fairly given up indeed , the road would be opened to the discussion of the practice . It would be open to consider whether any adequate security could be provided by diplomatic arrangement , and municipal regulation , against a grievance which it is impossible that we should tolerate ; such as should supercede the necessity of that summary and effectual method of doing ourselves justice ; which we can not relinquish , till some satisfactory substitute is found for it : but the exercise of which , it must be admitted , may be liable to some abuse or irregularity . Now , on a fair perusal of the documents I find nothing which proves any disposition in the English ministry , to shut the door against a consideration of that important question . The fact is , that different modes of entering upon the subject 637 have been suggested , but