our ancient and fundamental laws , in the preamble to a modern act of parliament . If , then , these are our fundamental laws , it seems to be clear and indisputable that the onus probandi rests upon those , who would propose to us to alter or rescind them . We have a right to be satisfied on a matter so important . It is enough for us to say , here are our laws , and on these we rely . We are surrounded by gloomy clouds and the thick darkness of the present time ; we are wandering in the most dreadful obscurity , both moral and political , in which the world was ever involved ; we can not see our way ; we must wait for the dawn ; our only hope of safety consists in clinging to our venerable , and long-tried institutions . I for one , Mr. Speaker , must declare , that , after the most attentive ( and I hope unprejudiced ) consideration of this subject for several years , I am not satisfied that this fundamental alteration in our constitution , in church and state , can be safely attempted at the present moment . 822 It is obvious , that , if these restraining or disabling statutes are altered or laid aside , with regard to the Roman Catholics , the same must be done for Protestant dissenters of all descriptions , by inevitable consequence ; and it will be for the House to consider , whether they are prepared to repeal , at once , the Test and Corporation Acts . I am not , however , one of those who think that these restraining statutes may not ever he laid aside ; it is sufficient for me to express my opinion that they ought not to be laid aside now . Circumstances may arise hereafter , which may render such a measure expedient and desirable ; circumstances , similar to those , which have occurred heretofore ; I mean in 1790 and 1791 . At that period , which was about the time of my first entering this House , I felt the strongest desire to see such a measure carried through , with reference , as well to Ireland , as to Great Britain ; and I have ever since been amazed at the failure of so salutary an arrangement . I have ever since been unable to account for the reason , why so favourable an opportunity was omitted , as then presented itself , when the Braschi Pope ( Pius 6 , ) was seated in the Papal chair , whose attachment to the British nation was well known ; and whose territories , about the time when some of these plans were in contemplation , ( 1793–94 ) were actually protected by a British fleet , as his person was , by a regiment of British dragoons . It is inconceivable why something effectual was not then accomplished ; but it would appear as if the government of that day , had `` reckoned without their host ; '' that is , had neglected to secure the co-operation of the Pope ; without whose assistance , I am afraid , that nothing final or satisfactory to the Roman Catholics , can ever be brought about . I think some such arrangement might have been made , at the period to which I allude ; I will not even despair of similar favourable circumstances recurring again . Suppose that , in the midst of the extraordinary and varying events to which we have been witnesses ; suppose that , among the tens of thousands of victims who perished in the bloody field of Borodino , or in that dreadful retreat from Moscow , amidst the horrid severities of a Russian winter , it had pleased Providence to put an end to the career of our mortal and inveterate enemy , the most execrable tyrant that ever afflicted the human race , is it too 823 much to imagine , that the lapse of a few months , perhaps , might have placed