occasion he had taken the liberty of stating , that the principle of the resolution was proposed in spite of individual knowledge and public notoriety , and that it was adopted by the House of Commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at a moment when it was perfectly known , that in one part of that united kingdom at least , guineas were publicly sold at a premium . He had at that time foretold the inevitable consequence of passing such a resolution in the teeth of the fact ; and accordingly it so happened , that that which in May was declared to be the operation of public opinion , was in July made to be the operation of the law ; the pains and penalties of which were called in , to overcome the obstinacy Of those who were not to be persuaded into conviction . He had at that time told the right hon . gentleman , that in all cases in which an attempt was made to force public opinion by the authority of the legislature , recurrence must ultimately be had to legal means , land to the secular arm of power . He heartily wished that the question were now as open as it was before the adoption of the resolution to which he had alluded . The proposed 239 measure might then be arrested . But he conceived that all the steps which had been since taken , were the natural and unavoidable successors of the original error . The Bill before the House was divided into two heads ; the first , very justly securing to the public creditor , who was paid in paper , the power of making , in his turn , payment in paper operative on all who had demands on him . The other head related more immediately to the original resolution ; it prohibited the purchase and sale of guineas at a price above their nominal value . Now , he confessed , that he did not think the latter part of the measure necessary or justifiable , otherwise than as it went to bear out the legislature in their original resolution ; for he could not conceive nor had he ever heard described the inconvenience of allowing guineas , which , being no longer in circulation , were only pieces of bullion , to find their level in the market like any other commodities , and not to be driven into hoards or out of the country . As to penal laws for preventing the exportation of any coin , when that coin could be disposed of abroad at a higher value than that at which it would pass at home , it was a subject on which all authorities agreed . It was the concurrent opinion of all writers on political economy—of all statesmen—of ail financiers , that let such laws be as sanguinary as possible—let them be written in blood , they would be ineffective . The great Colbert had declared , that if a wall of brass were built round a country , the precious metals would find some think through which to escape , if it were the interest of any of the community that they should do so . Respecting the propriety of this part of the Bill , therefore , he entertained considerable doubts : with regard to the unfortunate necessity of the other part of the Bill , he had no doubt . But he wished particularly to guard himself from the supposition that he would vote in any stage of the Bill on the ground taken by the right hon . gentleman and another hon . member , namely , that the country must reconcile itself to the present onerous state of things , and must be content to build its future prosperity upon it , abandoning all hope of setting right that most important of subjects—the situation of our internal currency ; and that , because the inconvenience to which we were exposed was partly natural and partly aggravated by the last parliament , we must be satisfied to consider it as