he was apprehensive those delays would prove fatal to the concession itself , which perhaps could no longer avert the threatened hostilities . He believed others had expressed the same opinion , but he was certain that he had . Some gentlemen had even gone further , and had said , that America , wearied by long refusals , would insist on her own terms ; in which case he had declared that he would resist any pretensions contrary to the acknowledged rights and to the prosperity of England ; that opinion he did not wish to retract ; but before he expressed any opinion on the subject , he wished to know what had really passed in our negociations with America . He did not wish to praise or censure ministers without proofs . He had disapproved of their former conduct ; it was with gladness he had heard them profess their conciliatory dispositions , and he would not now pass condemnation upon them without evidence . The noble lord opposite , adverting to the situation 108 of affairs in the peninsula , had asserted , that surely ministers could not be censured if the exertions they had made had kept pace with the resources of the country ; he was one of those who had repeatedly asserted , that Spain could not be saved by British but by Spanish troops . He had always thought , that the mode in which we assisted the Spaniards was injudicious , and he was still of the same opinion ; if he was wrong , if the system adopted by ministers was preferable to his suggestions , how could they stand justified in having carried on so ill , a better system , that no lasting advantage had been derived from it ? How stood government in the present instance ? A most brilliant victory had been obtained by the marquis of Wellington ; a victory owing entirely to his own genius , for , from what he had learned from good authority , there never was a victory which depended less upon chance , and the probabilities of which had been submitted to stricter calculations . Yet what was the result ? The gallant chief had been obliged to evacuate Madrid , which he had wrested from the foe ; he had been forced to raise the siege of Burgos , for want of sufficient means , pursued by that very army which had yielded the palm of victory to his superior genius . The noble lord had stated that Russia had demanded neither money nor military assistance from this country ; and this he believed , for he saw no recommendation in the Speech to provide for assistance of that nature . Russia had not demanded of us to make any exertion in her behalf in the north ; no , but in Spain , as exertions made by us there would be more beneficial to her and to Europe . Had , then , the noble lord and his colleagues done in Spain all that the resources of England allowed them to do , and still were our prospects in the peninsula no brighter than they have represented them to be ? If so , it was useless to carry further an unprofitable contest ; it was useless to waste the blood and the treasures of England for an object unattainable ; and it became proved , that the power of England was not competent to drive the French out of the peninsula . But , on the other hand , the noble lord had asserted that the power of England was fully adequate to the task ; if so , ministers alone were to blame if the French were not driven out of the peninsula . If to comply with the earnest wishes of Russia they wanted additional means , they 109 were highly blameable in not asking them before the end of the last session of the last parliament . He did not wish , however , to condemn ministers without proofs , nor would he attach the foul blame to them until he was convinced