introduced your laws ; it emigrated under the faith of your charters—charters recognized by many acts of the legislature ; and , under such faith and such laws , it has grown to strength , and power , and wealth . They are children of your children : they have the right of blood and the right of law to claim for the continuance of that liberty and the protection of that religion , which your ancestors granted to them , and on the faith of which grants they emigrated from their native land . They are not bigots , as has been weakly insinuated ; they are a wise and religious people , frugal and obedient to the law ; they are a people who serve God and honour the King . ' The grave and sober language of their petitions will , of course , have its just weight with the House . They tell you they feel alarmed at the unqualified demands of the Catholics . The recollection of former times is fresh in their mind ; but if it were not so , or even if they wished to forget former aggressions , surely the speech of an hon . general ( Mathew ) this night , is sufficient to revive these jealousies , not only in the people who have thus petitioned , but even in those members of this House whom they have sent to protect their interests . For one , I feel indeed greatly depressed in spirit , and in sincere hope of mutual forbearance , when the advocate of the Catholic question laments the issue of the battle of the Boyne in this House , and brands the government of king William with an act of gross violation of the articles of Limerick . Will not such language call up the recollection of the causes , which produced that memorable battle ? Will not the Protestants of Ulster recollect the parliament , which king James assembled in Dublin , immediately before that battle , consisting of above two hundred Catholics and only six Protestants , passing a law to repeal the act of settlement under which the Protestants of Ulster had , for half a century , held their lands and property ? Will they not recollect that parliament vesting , by one sweeping clause , all they had in the world in that unfortunate monarch , to be by him 864 distributed among his Catholic followers . But they did not stop here ; for by a second act they gravely attainted , of high treason , about 2,500 Protestant gentlemen ; some on evidence , as they said , and others on common form . Thus stood the Protestant colony at that period , deprived of their property , and attainted of treason , because they were Protestants . Thus acted the Catholic parliament in the zenith of its powers , when the great deliverer of the rights and liberties of the Protestants effected his object by that battle , which the hon . general deplores the issue of ; and thus these Protestants , so relieved by the Prince of Orange , are branded , as it were , by the name of Orange-men—a name which they glory in ; —gratitude binds them to their deliverer ; in their hearts is engraven that gratitude ; and to deprive them of that feeling , you must tear the heart from , for while it beats in , their breasts , their gratitude will live ; and while wine is to be obtained in their land , they will offer their daily libations to the immortal memory of their glorious deliverer . ' Imprudent , therefore , in the extreme , seems to me that language ; if it really be the sentiment of the Catholic body , which I trust it is not , difficult indeed will be our task to satisfy their mind ; and dangerous will be the experiment . The Protestants ask securities against the recurrence of such dangers . They know and feel great danger from the restless ambition of the Catholic religion , when