through the medium of the militia , he could assure the House that the difference was inconsiderable , notwithstanding the double bounties . He had made out an estimate from authentic documents ; and he could demonstrate , that in no instance did the difference exceed between 4 and 5l . per man , and that after the first volunteering from the militia the expence was nearly equal . The hon . gentleman who just sat down had expressed an opinion of the unnecessary ex-pence of keeping up the volunteer force of the country . Of the incalculable service rendered by that meritorious body of men he could not express himself in terms of adequate panegyric . Perhaps he might agree in some of his hon . friend 's observations respecting them . The subject had been for some time under the consideration of his noble relation ; and he hoped the House would give him credit for there having been sufficient reasons why any new arrangement respecting them had not as yet been submitted to its consideration . As to the local militia , a part of our defensive force still more valuable , he ex-pressed in strong terms his surprise that his hon . friend should have even suggested the propriety of abstaining from calling them out this year , when they consisted almost entirely of raw recruits—before they had even received their clothing—and before officers and men knew any thing of each other . In case of any internal disturbance , without being previously brought to act together , they would be little better , if called out to suppress it , than a mere rabble . He implored the House not to apply too rigidly the principles of economy to this valuable branch of our defensive force , which was as yet in its infancy ; and to bear in mind that , in the vicissitudes of human affairs , of which we had even recently such striking proofs , we might have occasion bitterly to regret , that in a moment of internal repose and freedom from external danger , we had 1173 neglected to foster and improve that branch of our defensive force , in which the public spirit of the country had so entirely committed itself , and on which so much dependence was to be placed in case of any such necessity . To think this impossible was the height of folly , and he was sure that , instead of legislating on so dangerous a principle , the Committee would feel the necessity of fostering this valuable branch of national defence while yet in its infant state . said , that the hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Huskisson ) had made it unnecessary for him to trouble the Committee at much length . With respect to one or two points , however , he wished to offer some observations . There was only an increase of 973 men in the household troops , and this was attended by an annual increase of 38,000l . He then remarked upon the want of judgment as well as the want of economy , in sending the horse guards to the continent at an extra expence of 2,000l . for new dressing and equipping them , without their being even fit for service on their arrival at the place of destination . These men , he said , had been raised to support the splendour and dignity of the crown , and were by no means intended for foreign service . Their equipments before they left this country , cost a great sum , and they would now become a constant expence , and so unfit were they for the species of service to which they were devoted , that no less than sixty of their horses died on the passage , which , with the delays that had taken place in their progress , rendered them nearly useless . These delays might have been avoided , by sending the regiment that had been brought from Ireland to take their places , directly from Cork to the peninsula , instead of bringing them to