postpone the consideration of the petition , that more time might be given for the mutual exchange of the lists in question . replied , that farther delay must necessarily be injurious to himself . The time for trying the petition had been fixed by the House , and of course , he had made all his arrangements to meet it . was of opinion that it would be highly improper to depart from the explicit resolution of an act of parliament . observed , that it might perhaps be proper to put the House in possession of a decision of the last parliament , which seemed to bear strongly on the present question . It was a regulation of the House , that the sitting member and the petitioner should deliver in mutual lists of contested rotes , within a convenient time previous to trying the petition : and of that convenient time the House were to be judges . In the case of the Sussex election petition , decided in the last parliament , he recollected that the sitting member abandoned the defence of his seat , which was taken up by the freeholders in his interest . The trying of the petition was to take place on the 22nd of March , and on the 16th March an application was made by the petitioner , for an exchange of lists : but the House de- 844 cided , that the interval between the 16th and 22d was not that convenient time for preparing the lists which the regulation contemplated . On this ground they refused the application . said , the complainant knowing the nature of the complaint which he proposed to bring , had the advantage in the readiness of making out his list over the person to whom he was opposing himself , therefore he conceived that reasonable time should be given to make out the lists of voters , especially those who lived so very remote as Pembrokeshire . Three days notice was a period infinitely too short to procure the necessary information , and the motion was , therefore , improper . contended that in the case of Irish contested elections , there was often a mutual exchange of lists , even after the Committee was struck . thought that anomaly easily accounted for , because the disputed votes were investigated by a commission , sent over to Ireland for the express purpose . urged , that justice would not be done , unless this exchange of lists took place . In the course of the election there had been a description of votes exhibited , than which nothing could be worse . said , he must here beg to interrupt the noble lord , who must of course be aware , that such remarks ought to be abstained from , as tending to prejudice the minds of gentlemen , who might eventually sit in the Committee , on these very votes . also acquainted the House , that the said Select Committee had come to the following Resolutions : 1 . `` That it appears to this Committee , that at the last election for the town and borough of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis , the right hon . Thomas Wallace , John Broadhurst and Henry Trail , esqrs . did by treating act in violation of the statute of the 7th of William 3 , cap . 4 , whereby they are incapacitated to serve in parliament upon such election . 2 . `` That the right of voting in the said town and borough appears to be , among others , in persons seised of freeholds within the said borough ; that gross abuses have of late been practised within the said borough by persons claiming and exercising a right to vote upon nominal reserved rents , arising out of freeholds split and divided into the most minute fractional parts , under wills either real or fictitious ; and that it further appears to the Committee , that such evils can only be effectually remedied by the interposition of the legislature . '' Mr. Alderman Atkins then moved that the