of those commissions on other points , and what benefit would the German officers derive from this Order ? This advantage only did they derive from the Order , that , at the period when their commissions should cease , their rank having been the common permanent rank of the army , their names would still be 257 printed in the Army List , as an honourable remembrance of the services they had done the country , and they would continue to bear the rank to which their merits so unquestionably entitled them . Now , if this permanent rank did not violate the law or the constitution , by giving to those officers a greater hold on the service than they before possessed , could the noble lord contend that it interfered with the rights of British officers ? As to the complaint , that they sometimes commanded native officers , it should be recollected that the act under which they served authorised the formation of articles of war for their government ; and one of these gave to the senior officer of a detachment , the command of the whole , for the benefit of the service , and as was usual in the army in general . Those who were acquainted with the practice of the army were perfectly aware that the officers of the German Legion had uniformly taken precedence according to the date of their commission , just as if they held permanent rank . From all this it appeared , that the Order did not interfere with the regular army , or with the act of parliament . The officers of the Legion had always been put in brevet as permanent , so that , in point of fact , the Order , so far from enabling them to shoulder out British officers , gave them no advantage with regard to precedence , or promotion , which they did not possess when they first embarked in the service . But , it would be said , if this Order did not give any advantage , for what purpose was it issued ? —and on this point the noble lord was very satirical , observing with great severity on the ignorance of those connected with the War-office , whom he seemed to think unacquainted with their own language . But he would tell the noble lord , that the Order which was issued by the Commander-in-chief , was intended , and was so understood by the officers themselves , to pay a well-merited compliment to a very deserving body of men , who had signalized themselves not only in one action but throughout the whole campaign . Some hon . gentlemen might think it a boon not worth having , but he was sure that those who best knew their pure and honourable feelings , were convinced that it was most gratifying to them . What they acquired was honour , the end and aim of a soldier ; that for which he fought and died . To the German Legion such a 258 reward was not , and could not be deemed a trifle ; it was in truth most gratifying to their feelings and welcome to their ambition . Those who were acquainted from previous unhappy experience with the sentiments of the noble lord on the subject of the employment of foreigners for our own and the defence of our allies , would be aware that to carry this motion was not so much his object , as at the commencement of a new parliament to make a sort of declaration that his opinions were unaltered , and that he intended to continue the same road he had pursued during the last parliament . If he thought that their employment was improper , all he wished was , that those who entertained a different sentiment should be admitted to have as much love for , and as correct views of the constitution as their opponents.—He knew that many had an objection to employing foreign soldiers on constitutional principles . He thought , however , that those who considered the circumstances of the times