to hear that the Irish bishops of the establishment , having since made over a portion of their revenues , for the decent maintenance of their Catholic brethren , are ready to make further proposals , and to agree to an alternate enjoyment , subject always to his Majesty 's choice , of dignities and emoluments . '' Is this no language of hostility to the present establishments of the country If such views and expectations are now avowed , what are we to look for when they are advanced further to the consummation of their wishes ? If these things are done in the green leaf , what will be done in the dry ? Sir , I can not but think that sentiments of this unfriendly kind are most heartily entertained in Ireland ; and for this reason , that the Catholic religion is truly more Catholic in that country than in any other Catholic country , and this again , for an obvious reason . In most Catholic countries the doctrines of the church of Rome come softened and ameliorated , through the strainers , if I may so call them , of the civil government . The civil government is a sort of middle term ; and the people , having a confidence in the religion of their government , which is in communion with the Church of Rome , range themselves on the side of their civil government , whenever it comes into hostilities with the pontiff . Before the Reformation , this country did so , universally , in the conflicts , which led to the statutes of provisors , præmunires , and others of that kind so in France , the li- 1010 berties of the Gailican Church against the Pope , have always been popular in that country . So in the matters of concordats , even in Spain itself . But in Ireland there is no such middle term . The Pope is the direct head of the Irish Church ; in close and immediate contact with it , without any communication through the state , which , being Protestant , has none of the confidence of the people , in any transactions it may have with the Pope . They regard , with extreme jealousy , every attempt of their civil government to oppose his authority . His dogmas , therefore , naturally direct the opinions of the Catholic Church of Ireland , in a much more unqualified way than those of other national churches . The question then comes , what are the opinions of the pontiff upon this matter of Protestant establishments ? Sir , upon this point I shall not travel back to ancient , and , as they are represented , antiquated authorities ; I will use no other than the declarations of the present Pope , delivered in the most solemn manner , and upon the most serious occasions , within these four or five years . I find , in the interesting account given of the transactions of the Pope , under the usurpations of Buonaparté declarations of the Pope , given in pastoral instruction to this effect : `` The system of indifferentism which does not in truth suppose any religion , is that which is most injurious and opposite to the Catholic religion , which , because it is divine , is necessarily sole and unique , and for that reason can not make an alliance with any other , just as Christ can not ally himself with Belial , light with darkness , truth with error , or true piety with impiety . '' Pastoral Instructor , 22d May , 1808.—So again , `` We reject that all religions should be free and publicly exercised , as contrary to the canons and councils , the Catholic religion , the tranquillity of life , and the good of the state . '' Page 45.—So again , `` The protection , much boasted of , for different worships , is only a pretext and a colour to authorise the secular power to meddle in things spiritual , since , in shewing respect for