often the right hon . gentleman had recommended the most strenuous efforts , in order to raise the supplies within the year , he had expected to be called upon to support him in the unpopular measure of raising new taxes ; but instead of that , he found himself called upon to support the right hon . gentleman in letting loose 20 millions , for the support of the current expences , out of the fund accumulated to discharge the arrears of anterior expenditure . It appeared to him that the right hon . gentleman intended to do away altogether the Act of 1802 , by which the Sinking Fund was consolidated ; that right hon . gentleman would do him the justice to acknowledge that he had opposed that Act , foreseeing that the wants of the country might one day or other make it inconvenient . That moment had now come ; but we were not thereby authorised to wrest from the creditor of the state , from those men who had purchased stock since that Consolidation Act , the additional security which it gave them . According to Mr. Pitt 's plan of the Sinking Fund , every stockholder could know as well as the minister himself , the time at which the funds he held in his hands would become redeemable , and he knew also that the Sinking Fund was not to be touched until its revenue exceeded the sum of four millions . The Consolidation Act of 1802 , gave additional advantages to the lenders , inasmuch as by it they knew that the Sinking Fund could not be touched , until , by the accumulation of interest , the whole of the debt should be extinguished . Purchases in the stocks had been made in consequence of those favourable terms , and to break them now would appear to him bordering on a breach of public faith . Another disadvantage which appeared to him to attend that plan , was the want of stability in the system , for the one per cent , applicable to the redemption of Exchequer Bills , and the additional per cent , on the new loans , specifically applicable likewise to their gradual discharge , were to be provided for by a yearly grant . He considered that anticipation of a probable vote of the House of Commons , as too precarious and slender to form the 1097 basis of public credit . Besides , that percentage not being raised by taxes , would be considered in no other light but as an increase of the loans , and thus we should be undoing with one hand what we attempted to do with the other . He would not , however , make any objection to the plan at present , and would only say one word more as to the Sinking Fund . The right hon . gentleman had stated that the amount of that fund was to that of the National Debt as one to forty-four ; and that , of course , even with the supplies he intended to draw from that source , the public creditor would still be in a better situation , than after the passing of the Sinking Fund Consolidation Act , for , in 1802 , that proportion was as one to seventy-seven . But the right hon . gentleman had forgotten to advert to the price of stocks , which must be taken into consideration , as greatly altering the proportion , and which were considerably higher at the former period than at present . He would not now discuss the question , but reserve it for future consideration . That the right hon . gentleman meant honestly and fairly , he had no doubt ; but he could not help thinking that his financial reputation , which he truly represented to be as dear to him as his life , was in considerable jeopardy . He hoped , however , that he would have a good deliverance ; for no man , he thought , could stand in a more awkward situation at the bar of