having made any such statement , and said , he had particularly guarded himself against such a construction . ] —He begged the noble lord 's pardon if he had misunderstood him , but he could not upon all occasions comprehend the course of his arguments . It often fell to his lot to be totally incapable of collecting the meaning of the noble lord ; and now , amidst his many tropes and figures , and words about circumstances and details , he felt that there was in many instances no distinct idea conveyed to his mind . He yet did imagine that some excuse was indirectly intended for the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers . He was not very much disposed on any occasion , when a vote of Thanks was proposed for services performed by the British army , whether those services had been attended with success or defeat , to give such a vote any opposition . Far was he from wishing invidiously to detract from the merits of men who had devoted their exertions to the service of their country , or to withhold from them any recompence which it was in the power of the Mouse to bestow . But when he heard it stated that the victory gained over the French forces in Spain was more important in its consequences than any which had been gained in former time '' , and that the victory of Salamanca was equal to that of the duke of Marlborough at the battle of Blenheim , in which the enemy lost 20,000 men , had their general , marshal Tallard , taken , and 30 or 40 squadrons driven into the Rhine , and other great battles , which had completely changed the aspect of the whole affairs of Europe—though not desirous of undervaluing the merits of the great general whose achievements were meant to be extolled , and whose character and ability no man could more sincerely admire than he did ; yet he could not suffer such delusions to go forth uncontradieted , the more especially , when he considered that they were calculated to plunge the country , under the direction of the same persons , still deeper in a destructive and ruinous war . He contended that , after these boasted and overpraised victories , we were still as far from our object as 164 ever . Until he had heard it from the noble lord that evening , he had never understood that it was totally out of the contemplation of government to expel the French out of Spain . What the noble lord called success , he called defeat ; for he never could have imagined that an expenditure of one million a month had taken place in the military department of this country for the last eleven months , for no other purpose than raising the siege of Cadiz . As to the Andalusias , they must fall again , as a matter of course , into the hands of France . Under all the circumstances of the contest , it appeared to him , even upon the ministers ' own shewing , that we were unable to find sufficient means to support the campaign ; and that after lord Wellington 's retreat , he had only the two fortresses of Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz , left to him as the fruits of his campaign in Spain . What ! were we to be satisfied after all the splendid victories which had been gained in the course of the present campaign—after the exhausted state to which the French troops had been reduced by their incursion into Russia , and more particularly after the glorious , important , and unparalleled victory of Salamanca , so highly advantageous in its consequences to the general affairs of the peninsula , were we to be satisfied by a retreat ? Were we not to take advantage of all those gratifying and cheering circumstances ? Were we to suffer the French troops to recover from the effects of their discomfiture and exhaustion , and to wait until the tide of good fortune which had