his outline , he had called for no pledge which would prevent any one from engrafting any amendment thought necessary and proper on the ulterior measure , and the more he heard this question discussed , the more conscientiously was he convinced , not only of its expediency , but of its actual necessity . The motion before them only acknowledged the principle , but bound them to no detail , and , in concurring with these propositions he considered himself as only doing that to which he stood pledged by the opinions he had formerly declared . It had been stated by a right hon . gentleman ( the Speaker ) that this resolution embraced a general sweep of repealing all the statutes of restrictions , without providing any securities . If he thought so , he would vote against it ; but as it must be accompanied in its future progress with modifications and restrictions , he was not anxious to look out for points of difference in its earliest stages , and would therefore support it in principle , till of necessity they came to points , where diversity of opinion prevailed . The noble lord then referred to the proposition made by sir J. C. Hippisley , which he considered to be objectionable , as it would bring a code of laws they all looked on with re- 1245 gret , into an invidious point of view ; it would also lead to the examination of doctors Milner , O'Connor , & c. and afford them a reasonable prospect of a religious controversy up stairs . The only point on which it could be useful would be inquiring into , and determining the state of the influence allowed to the Roman see in other countries of Europe , Catholic as well as Protestant ; but this subject was already completely elucidated by the hon . baronet 's pamphlets upon it . He did not believe there was any reasonable man in the country who was not persuaded that the see of Rome had very properly been a constant subject of jealousy in every court of Europe . We had lost sight of that jealousy : and it was to be regretted , that in this country , except the horrible and obsolete Acts of Elizabeth , there was no steady system which operated as a guard against that power . When we were on the point of removing the last remains of the penal laws , which we looked back to with regret and horror , it was proper that some regulations should be enforced for the purpose of securing the church and state from all attempts to which they might be exposed . Our law had been much neglected on this head , and must be revised in whatever decision the legislature came to on the important question now agitating . The noble lord concluded by saying , he should give his cordial vote for the Resolution , which appeared to leave every gentleman 's judgment unshackled , and to be a fair and candid proposal in the present stage of the business . He did not , however , hold himself precluded in any future stage from opposing the Bill , if it should become his painful duty so to do . , like the noble lord , would confine himself to the question immediately before the House , and avoid the temptation to wander into the general discussion which had already appeared so wearisome . He thought the speech of the noble lord , his declaration of support and limitation of the contingency on which his opposition might afterwards be determined , were stated with perfect candour . The noble lord had , in very strong terms , held forth the advantage which such a measure would , if carried , produce to the country . If the noble lord had gone a little further and promised to lend his own powerful aid to the measure , if it might turn out what in his opinion it ought to be , it would have been as much as the warmest friends of the