the division of labour made the labourer more inexpert . But would not the advisers of the crown advise the appointment of the fittest person for the office ? It had been said , that the separation of the bankruptcy causes would not afford a sufficient relief to the Lord Chancellor . Did not the bankruptcy causes constitute one-fourth of the Chancery business ? The Chancellor who should be left with three-fourths of the present business , and should be unable to execute it , was very unfit to hold that situation . An hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) , had been at once the accuser and exculpator of the Master of the Rolls . He knew not why that hon . and learned gentleman had thought fit to become the accuser of that exalted character , or whether it was by his permission that he had become his defender . Did the hon . and learned gentleman think that it was a fortunate defence for the Master of the Rolls , that he had withdrawn himself from the decision of causes at the Cockpit , because an opponent of his , at a county election , had received some support from ministers ? He thought the hon . and learned gentleman ought to consider some time before he appeared again in the character of a defender . He could see no objection to the separation of bankruptcy causes from the great seal . The taking away part of the Chancellor 's emoluments was no objection , for the Chancellor ought to be liberally paid , and consequently compensated for 690 any loss . This was no part of the ordinary Chancery business ; but superinduced a few years ago , because the legislature did not know what to do with it . said , if an anomaly were to be allowed to exist , as in the case of bankruptcy causes , it ought not to exist in a subordinate officer , but in a person clothed with the highest dignity . presented a Petition against the Roman Catholic Claims . observed , that it was impossible for the House to receive this Petition but as that of one person , for the names of the others were contained on a separate piece of paper , which was tacked to the Petition . The Petition was accordingly so received . presented a Petition from the corporation of Penzance , in Cornwall , against the Claims of the Roman Catholics . inquired how the Petition was signed ? said , the corporate seal was affixed to the Petition . presented a Petition of the same description , from the noblemen , gentlemen , and Protestant inhabitants of the county of Wexford . said , their lordships could not receive this Petition in its present state ; for , though it had , a great number of names subscribed , and there were several sheets , yet it appeared that the whole of them had been signed by one person . presented two Petitions against the Roman Catholic Claims ; one from the inhabitants of the parish of St. Olive , in Hart-street , in the city of London ; and the other from French Protestants in London . These Petitions were read , and ordered to lie on the table . presented a Petition from the inhabitants of the ward of Billingsgate , against the Roman Catholic Claims . moved that the 691 whole of this Petition be read.—The Petition was accordingly read by the clerk . asked if the noble duke intended any objection to the Petition . answered , that it was not with any intent to object to this Petition being received , but amongst the number of Petitions which had come before them on this subject , there was great difference in the language of the petitioners , and he must confess the name of the place from whence this came had caught his ear , and it made him desirous of hearing the whole of it . He recollected , at the time he had a seat in the other House