543 he did not think that the objections to the measure would have been pressed at this time . It was not true that the subject had not been brought under the consideration of the House . Papers had been laid before them on the subject as long ago as June or July , 1811 ; and if no attention had been paid to it , it was not the fault of those who brought the measure forward . The project which had been produced tonight , for the first time , of exonerating the Chancellor by throwing the burden on the Master of the Rolls , had , however , met with the immediate approbation and adoption of the learned gentleman who required so much time to consider . The hon . gentleman had made use of arguments against the exercise of the judicial functions of the House of Lords , which were equally applicable to the expedient which he was himself disposed to countenance . It was very obvious that no step could be taken to impose on the Master of the Rolls the very laborious duty which it had been suggested he might undertake without the concurrence of that officer , and the hon . gentleman seemed not to be aware when he was objecting to innovation on the one hand , that he was on the other advocating a very violent innovation , namely , a complete change in the judicial functions of a magistrate , whose duties were so important as those of the Master of the Rolls . Could this proposal be carried into effect without the consent of the Master of the Rolls himself ? It evidently could not . Was it then no novelty to call upon a great law officer for his concurrence in a legislative measure , which would be rendered nugatory without it ? What security was there that the Master of the Rolls would regularly attend to this increase of business , unless compelled by a superior authority ; and if he were made amenable to the Chancellor , the same objection would occur as had been insisted on against the appointment of a Vice-Chancellor . It had been said that the evil was temporary . It would therefore require the application of an immediate remedy , and this remedy was to be supplied by the increased exertions of the Master of the Rolls , whose health had made it necessary for him to decline several of the duties in which he was already engaged . Several experiments had been proposed with respect to alterations in different courts of judicature . Among others , to remove the Chief Baron for a certain part of the year to the Cockpit . 544 And it had been argued in this subject , that the three remaining judges in the court of Exchequer would be as good as four , entirely forgetting the rank and weight of the Chief Baron , and the loss of authority to the court , which would follow from his withdrawing himself to hear prize and plantation appeals elsewhere . It had been stated , that in 1806 , when the Master of the Rolls declined attending at the Cockpit , the business went on as before . This was only true of the ordinary routine business , for important causes were uniformly held back . Another objection had been stated , that the decision of bankrupt causes was comparatively a novelty , an excrescence from the office of Chancellor . Now the only proof of this was , that the quantity of business of that kind had greatly encreased of late . But as long as any questions of that kind existed , though in a much less proportion , they had always been referred to the Court of Chancery , and therefore referring the increased number of causes of bankrupts to the same Court was no innovation , no excrescence . The subject was , no doubt , argued according to the most correct syllogistical form by the logicians on the other side of the House . If the business was to be transacted