; and yet , the plan which was adverted to , and which his hon . and learned friend seemed ready to support , would increase his duties three fold . The hon . and learned member then went on to state the necessity of the attendance of the Master of the Rolls in the Privy Council . With regard to an expression he had made use of on a former night respecting the duties attached to this office , the hearing of Prize and Plantation Appeals , he had meant simply that they were attached to it by custom and by choice , not by necessity . He concluded by expressing his opinion , that it would be highly improper to intrust the business of bankrupt petitions , which was of a more delicate and important nature than any other in Chancery , to a subordinate officer . in explanation , said , that in the observation he had made , as to persons being members of parliament , as well as judges , he certainly had no intention to insinuate that his hon . and learned friend did not discharge his judicial duties with great propriety , because he was a member of that House . He had on the contrary , no hesitation in saying , that his hon . and learned friend 's duties could not be better or more correctly performed by any person than they were by him . He merely meant what had fallen from him as a general proposition , without intending to allude to any individual . Of this he was sure , that the present Lord Chancellor had 548 stipulated with some gentlemen , before he admitted them to be Masters in Chancery , that they should not become members of parliament . said , that was done merely for the convenience of business ; and he was entirely ignorant of the proposition standing on any constitutional objection to the propriety of the Masters in Chancery holding seats in parliament . was of opinion that the Chancellor would derive a great relief from the business of bankrupt petitions being withdrawn from him . He had been himself recently an assignee in a commission of bankruptcy , in the course of the proceedings consequent on which the Chancellor had to hear six petitions immediately , and live others remotely connected with the commission . The House would estimate the amount of labour that might be spared him not only in the hearings but in the perusal of the multifarious documents on which he was to frame his decisions . observed , that , eighteen years ago , when he became a Master of Chancery , not one of the ten gentlemen who composed that body had a seat in parliament ; and , of those who had been admitted by the present Chancellor , a very small portion were members of that House ; it was consequently but just to infer , that , in appointing them , no political object was attended to . proposed to fill up the blank left for the Vice-Chancellor 's salary , with the sum of 5,000l . per annum ; one moiety thereof to be paid by the Lord Chancellor ; and , for the payment of the other moiety , the sum of 60,000l . taken from the dead fund in Chancery , to be vested , which would rather more than cover it . thought , if the Chancellor were to pay any part of the salary , he ought to pay the whole , as he gave up the principle by contributing any portion . He would therefore oppose the clause . was proceeding to explain the manner in which the payments would be made , when observed , that his objection did not go to the method in which the payment was to be made , but to the payment altogether . said , that , of the various sums paid into Chancery , a part must remain unclaimed ; and they were not acting on any new principle , in taking a portion of this dead cash , to