of a war with America , the first operation would be the destruction of her navy . What the fact had turned out to be , he was almost ashamed to mention . If any one were asked , what had been the success of our navy in this war , he would unfortunately find some difficulty in giving an answer . Yet , if ever there was a contest where we ought to have been well prepared , where we had every advantage in regard to naval means , it was this contest with America , —a contest commencing at a time when our navy was almost liberated from every other occupation—when there could have been no difficulty , surely , in sending out a force capable of coping with the American squadron—a navy so inferior , so inexperienced , and so perfectly known in all its parts . But after the experience of a year , we were at last tardily preparing fleets , when we might on the first declaration 583 of war have so well taught the Americans of the disadvantages under which they must labour in the prosecution of hostilities . On that head he had much to regret , but he admitted that this was not necessarily connected with the present proposition . He agreed that our own government was well justified in calling for a distinct statement of any proposition which America had to propose for discussion , and that therefore the proposal made by Mr. Monroe was not satisfactory . He could , not , then , refuse his assent to the present Address : but at the same time he hoped the government would evince every disposition , without sacrificing the honour of the country , which he was disposed to rate as highly as any man , to come to some amicable arrangement in regard to the practice of impressing our seamen from American ships , without abandoning the principle . defended the conduct of the Admiralty , contending , that an amply sufficient force was on the American station at the time of the breaking out of the war , and that at that time no additional force could have been spared from other services . Would the noble lords have had the American ports blockaded before a declaration of war ? A sufficient force was stationed there for all the purposes of protection , and when the intelligence of the war arrived , every exertion was made to send a reinforcement , since which a large reinforcement had been sent . If it was meant to be urged that our force should prevent any squadron from sailing from an enemy 's port , it was evidently asking what was in itself impossible . The utmost that could be done was , to render it a matter of extreme difficulty for an enemy 's squadron to get out of port . Once out they might do us a temporary mischief ; but the utmost that could be done , was to protect our convoys with such a force as to render the attacking them nearly a hopeless task . He was satisfied whenever the detail was entered into , that it was capable of the best proof that the force on the American station , at the time of the breaking out of the war , was amply sufficient for all the purposes required of it ; and he most positively asserted , that at that period no additional force could be spared from other quarters . The only quarter to which he could imagine the noble marquis to allude was the Baltic , and from thence , unquestionably , at that time no force could be spared . 584 He , therefore , maintained that every exertion had been made by the Admiralty of which the force of the country was capable . said , he most cordially and sincerely concurred in the objects of the Address , which he thought Wisely and judiciously drawn up ; first , that the war was a most just war ; secondly , that the objects of the war were of