servants were gone , for fear she should be suspected of holding any conversation with them . Upon this letter being read , the hon . member observed , that he fully concurred in the sentiments it expressed upon the subject of the commission , and he insisted that the charge against the Princess before that tribunal , by sir John and lady Douglas , was nothing short of treason ; that if the Commissioners had power to acquit her Royal Highness of the crime charged , they had equally the power to convict her ; what was the state of that country in which such a thing were even possible ? He declared , that in his opinion the noble lords had no authority to give a judgment on the occasion—they had no right to pronounce an acquittal , for they had no right to find a verdict of guilty—as a question of law , the matter was left as the Commissioners found it . Besides , he inquired what became of sir John and lady Douglas ? If he was rightly informed , they still persisted in the same story , but if all they maintained were so notoriously false , why were they not prosecuted ? The hon . member went on to remark , that he understood no proceedings of the late privy council , except the Report , had been transmitted to the Princess of Wales . This was the case in 1806 , but he submitted that copies of all those examinations should be given to her . As to the minor charges , he should be silent about them—it was the duty of ministers to transmit to the Princess of Wales the fresh informations they had taken.—He recommended the case to be tried by the whole privy council , and that the present ministers should not be of the number ; —after the discussion that the Princess had provoked , if she should then be injured , she would have herself alone to blame . The hon . member concluded by moving the following Resolutions : Resolved , I . `` That from disputes touching the succession to the throne , bitter public animosities , tumultuous contentions , long and bloody civil wars , have , at various periods of the history of this kingdom , arisen , causing great misery to the good people thereof , grief and affliction to the royal family , and , in some cases , exclusion of the rightful heir . `` That , therefore , loyalty and affection towards the sovereign , and adjust regard to the happiness of the people , call upon 1134 every subject of this realm , and upon this House more especially , to neglect nothing within their power to prevent the recurrence of similar calamities from a similar cause . `` That it has been stated to this House , by a member thereof , who has offered to prove the same by witnesses , at the bar of this House , that , in the year 1806 , a Commission was signed under his Majesty 's royal sign manual , authorizing and directing the then Lord Chancellor ( Erskine ) , earl Spencer ( the then Secretary of State for the Home Department ) , lord Grenville ( the then First Lord of the Treasury ) , and the then and present Lord Chief Justice ( Ellenborough ) , to inquire into the truths of certain written declarations , communicated to his Majesty by his royal highness the Prince of Wales , touching the conduct of her royal highness the Princess of Wales . `` That the said Commissioners , in pursuance of the said authority and direction , did enter into an examination of several witnesses , and that they delivered to his Majesty a Report of such examination , and also of their judgment on the several parts alledged against her Royal Highness ; which Report , signed by the four Commissioners aforesaid , and dated on the 14th of July , 1806 , was accompanied with copies of declarations , examinations , depositions , and other