political protection . The Catholics , having given pledges of their allegiance , desire not to be bound in fetters , from which their fellow-subjects are free ; they desire not to be taxed without their own consent ; they desire not to be tried by persons who are exclusively partizans—not only partizans , but who are actually covenanted against them . To the enquiry , 'What is your wish ? ' they reply , 'We wish for our liberties . We do not demand this or that office , but we desire to possess our just civil qualifications . ' Do you understand them ? Is this ambition ? If it is ambition , then was Magna Charts ambition—then was the Declaration of Rights ambition . Protection , not power , is the request of the Catholics . The Catholic petitioners ask for protection ; it is the Protestants who ask for power . The Protestants ask for the ascendancy of their sect—the Catholics ask for the ascendancy of the law . Let me repeat , that I wish to treat the Protestants with all possible respect . It is natural that they should be tenacious of their peculiar privileges . But , unquestionably , they desire , by their petitions , to keep all the patronage of Ireland in their hands , —to maintain a continued ascendancy—to govern the other sects in the country ; while the Catholics only desire , in their petitions , that the whole should be governed by an equal law.—The Protestant 751 petitioners assert , that the Catholics want power , in order to make laws for the Protestant church . No , they only desire , as I have before stated , not to be taxed without their own consent—not to be tried by partizans , nor juries called by partizans . Their prayer is , that the Protestant church should be governed , not by Catholics , but by Protestants ; for the Catholics know , and the Protestants know , that under any circumstances , and after any concessions , the majority in this House must be Protestants , and that , by that majority , the laws for the Protestant church must be made . But the members of the Protestant church , who have petitioned us , desire to make laws exclusively for the Catholic church . They wish to controul the conscience of the Catholic , as well as to bind him in other respects . They are willing to receive the tithes of the Catholic labour , but they desire to exclude the Catholic from a participation in the blessings of the constitution . Their argument is this , 'the persons who regulate the Protestant Church should be of that Church . ' Why , then , all the Scotch members of this House ought to be sent away . All who do not profess to bold the doctrines of the church of England ought to be sent away . The tendency of the argument of these gentlemen is , that we ought to have a church government . But ours is not a church government , it is a representative government : it includes all classes , all religions , all descriptions of persons , except the Catholic and the churchman . The principle on which these gentlemen insist will prove fatal . If you confine the enjoyments of the constitution to the limits of the church of England , you will endanger the empire ; if you extend it to all religious persuasions , you will place the empire in a state of security . The parliament is justly called imperial . It is not a partizan . The Catholics of Ireland make a part of the third estate . Is it not so ? Is not the great body of electors in Ireland Catholic ? Does it not follow that a part , and that no inconsiderable portion , of the third estate is already Catholic ? And can we , for a moment , suppose that this is incompatible with the genuine principles of the British constitution ? But the fact is