had a situation in the Mint , and who was , of course , interested in the increase of coinage . He had stated , many years ago , `` That when bullion was above the Mint price , there were but two ways of affording a coinage to the public ; the one by debasing the standard ; and the other , by purchasing bullion at the advanced price of the market , and converting it into coin with loss . But this would not answer the desired purpose ; for that coin being below the market value of bullion , would be melted as soon as issued , sold again as bullion at an advanced price , and so on in an endless rotation , until the bullion market found its level again . '' The right hon . gentleman argued , that such being the case at present , it must strike every one that it was impossible for government to coin ; and if no coin was issued , how could the Bank resume its payments in specie ? He was as ready as any man to ascribe lord King 's conduct , which had rendered the present measure necessary , to the purest motives ; but it was not less mischievous on that account . It had been the boast of gentlemen on the other side , that no landlords had followed the noble lord 's example , but he felt confident that many would have done it , had not a check been seasonably put to the practice . The right hon . gentleman then adverted to the situation in which , but for a Bill of this nature , the public creditor would be reduced . He would receive his dividend in Bank-notes , at the rate of 20 shillings ; but when he should go to market with these notes , he would soon find that they were current only for 15 shillings , or perhaps less , for the value of Bank-notes would be of course regulated by the fluctuating price of gold The right hon . 286 gentleman could not possibly conceive that any system could be devised more pregnant with injustice to the public creditor , and with more confusion to the state . If on the one hand it was argued , that the public creditor had a right to ask his dividend in coin , why , by the very same reason , and in consequence of it , the collectors of taxes had a right to insist on being paid in guineas ; and who could foretel the end of that double price in the transactions in life , which was at all times so much deprecated , that under king William no less than two Bills were passed to ascertain the precise value of the guinea ? The present high price of bullion , which had created so much discussion , could not , in his opinion , be attributed to any other cause whatever , but . to the balance of trade being against us in the present state of the world ; for it was evident , that when a country imported more goods than it was allowed to export , the balance must be paid in bullion . But . instead of reverting to that plain and Obvious cause , this temporary evil had been attributed by some to the excessive issue of Bank-notes , and that idea had been productive of the most mischievous consequences . The right hon . gentleman then adverted to the statements contained in the Appendix to the Report of the Bullion Committee . By the tables contained in that Appendix of the Price of Gold , compared with the issue of Bank-notes , and with the price of coin , it was evident that the amount of the paper circulation had no effect whatever on the price of either of those commodities . The right hon . gentleman did not expect , indeed , that the Bill before the House could have the effect of preventing the exportation of coin , as long as bullion should