committed by his vote in support of his noble friend 's motion upon the general question as to the policy of employing foreign troops . deprecated the employment of foreign officers in the manner in which he understood they had in some instances been employed , and wished to ask the noble Secretary at War a question . If he understood the noble lord rightly , he had stated , that the German officers , while they enjoyed simply a temporary rank , were only empowered to command the corps to which they belonged . But had not baron Linsingen been in the command of a district in this country , and had he not , in consequence , had English militia regiments under his orders ? The noble lord might allow that this was improper before the issuing of the Order in question ; but did the issuing of that Order render it proper ? For his part , he thought such a power would be improper under any circumstances ; and here he wished to guard himself against the imputation of vulgar prejudices , being supposed to consider the original employment of the persons composing the German Legion as wrong . They came to this country under peculiar circumstances , and although he could not agree with the noble lord in looking at them as subjects of the king of England , which they were not nor ever had been , but must regard 262 them as subjects of the elector of Hanover ; yet still they were so connected with the head of the British government , that it was by no means improper to receive them in England , when the circumstances to which he had alluded drove them from their own home . He would not refuse any favour to them which it was constitutional to grant ; but he would refuse to place them in situations which none but British subjects ought to be allowed to fill . But he must protest against the appointment of any foreigner whatever to such commands as he had adverted to . He had no objection to their being employed in commands abroad , but he did not like to see them in command in this country , except in their particular corps . In this distinction he conceived himself founded on the true principles of the constitution . said , the noble lord had completely misconceived him . Although temporary rank in the British army in general did not give command in other corps , yet by a particular article in the articles of war , arising out of the act by which they were originally embodied , the officers of the German Legion were rendered as competent to such command , as if they had possessed permanent rank . It appeared , therefore , that the recent Order did not , as the noble lord imagined , give to the officers of the German Legion a power which they did not before possess . With regard to the general alluded to , the truth was , that he never did command a district ; there was , however , nothing in the law of the land to prevent it . repeated his persuasion , that baron Linsingen had for some time actually commanded the eastern district , in the absence of lord Chatham . observed , that upon lord Chatham 's retirement from the command of the district alluded to , another British officer was immediately appointed to succeed him . Baron Linsingen had commanded merely the depot of the German Legion . could not possibly consent to give a silent vote when the merits of his fellow-soldiers were under discussion . He bore testimony to the gallantry of the German Legion , whose services he had witnessed on various occasions in the peninsula . Indeed , so highly did lord Wellington , the illustrious general who commands our armies on the peninsula , and whose conduct was the theme of universal applause , so highly 263 did he think of the fidelity and valour of that body , that he did not hesitate to confide