—In principle ! Sir , I deny it . How are principles to be ascertained but 755 by actions ? If they are enemies to the state , let us go into the committee ; and let those who allege that the Catholics are enemies to the state , support their allegations by evidence . If they plead the canons of the council of Lateran , of Constance , of Trent , I will produce authority of a much higher description ; I will adduce the testimony of the parliament of the united empire . I will quote the thanks of that parliament unanimously voted to armies , of which a large component part was Catholic , for the most important service rendered to the state . Sir , the opponents of the Catholics go on to assert , that they are enemies to liberty . What ! the authors of Magna Charta enemies to liberty ! And have the Catholics shewn no other attachment to liberty ? I say that the very Declaration of Rights , which , on the motion of the right hon . gentleman opposite , was read by the clerk , sufficiently shews the attachment of the Catholic to liberty : for what does that declaration ? It does not enact new laws , but it re-affirms those which the declarers found already established ; and by whom were they established ? Who were their authors ? The Catholics—those alleged enemies of the church—those alleged enemies of the state—those alleged enemies of liberty ! Why did the legislature , at the period of the Revolution , go no further than to declare the law ? Because the Roman Catholics had not only been friendly to liberty , but had established the principles of liberty by statute , that the wisdom of the reformers could not exceed their distinct enactments . Sir , what is the amount , of the charge now preferred against the Catholics ? That they are governed and swayed by all those canons which , they contend , have been grossly misinterpreted ; but which , however interpreted , they have forsworn . They are accused of maintaining the deposing power of the Pope—of cherishing regicidal principles , and of asserting the right of perjury . On these assumptions , and in this enlightened age , the Catholic is not only not admitted to the constitution , but formally excluded from it . Sir , I defy those who are hostile to Catholic concession to support their positions by any thing but by these canons—nugntory , contemptible , obsolete , and denied by the Catholics themselves . What were the answers made by the Universities of Salamanca , Paris , Alcala , 756 Louvain , Douay , and St. Omers , to the questions put to them ? `` 1 . Has the Pope , or cardinals , or any body of men , or any individual of the church of Rome , any civil authority , power , jurisdiction , or pre-eminence whatsoever , within the realm of England ? `` 2 . Can the Pope , or cardinals , or any body of men , or any individual of the church of Rome , absolve or dispense with his Majesty's-subjects from their oath of allegiance , upon any pretext whatsoever ? `` 3 . Is there any principle in the tenets of the Catholic faith , by which Catholics may break faith with Protestants , or other persons differing from them in religious opinions , in any transaction , either of a public or a private nature ? '' They were asked whether the Pope had a deposing power , and whether it was a tenet of the Catholic religion to hold no faith with heretics ? Sir , on the best authorities , I can assert that those learned bodies were disposed not to deny , but to ridicule , the opinions imputed to them—not to reject , but to scorn them . They , however , answered , that the pope had no such deposing power , and that , as to the supposition that the Catholics would