, with how much greater force would it be urged , when the expectations of the Catholics have been raised to a higher pitch , and consequently when a refusal would rouse sensations doubly bitter ! I am not now addressing myself to those honourable gentlemen , who are willing to go all lengths ; who think every thing should be conceded , without security , to the Catholic claimants . To such persons , indeed , every such argument would be an inducement to go into the Committee , in order that expectation might be raised , amongst the Catholics , to the highest pitch ; because they know that , in this case , their wishes would be more nearly accomplished , that arguments , at present urged , on the plea of expediency , might then assume the dictatorial tone of stern necessity . They might then say , `` Thus far have you gone , recede now at your peril . '' To such persons therefore , it is naturally seen , that I do not address myself . I raise my voice , humble as it is , to caution those who have not determined to allow unlimited concessions , or those who have not made up their minds on any concession whatever , against running blindly into a measure , the consequences of which they have , perhaps , not fully considered . In avoiding Scylla they should take care lest they be hurried into Charybdis . In endeavouring to conciliate the Catholics they should at least beware of forging a weapon , which might be turned against themselves , the moment they endeavour to stop , thinking concession had gone far enough . They should at least ascertain that the Catholics would be fully satisfied , with the grant proposed , before they commence conceding ; for is it to be supposed that men , whose disaffection is , at this moment , said to be apprehended by their 980 friends , if some measure is not brought forward in their favour , would fail to urge their claims , in the same powerful manner , whenever they choose to demand the completion of their wishes ? If , therefore , danger is to be apprehended , whenever a claim is refused from this quarter ( and all those even who are moderate friends of the Catholics , agree that a stand must be made somewhere ) the House will do well to meet it boldly , in the outset . They should stem the torrent near its source , lest , by the prolongation of its course , it should increase in rapidity , in size and in power . Perhaps it may be urged , that , going into a committee , is , in itself , conceding nothing ; that , in fact , it is only considering whether concession should be made or not . But it should be remembered that this step is one , for which the Catholics and their supporters have long been effectually contending . It is the first stone of the building ; it is an outwork of the fortification , the taking of which , although it may not ensure the overthrow , at least endangers the security of the citadel . If those , who have not made up their minds for unlimited concession , or if those , who have not determined on any concession to the Catholics , should now vote for going into a committee , the one , in the vague idea of producing a reciprocity of concession , on the part of the Catholics , the other hoping to conciliate them by a more can did examination of their claims , the former may find , too late , that partial concessions are only the stepping-stone to further exactions—the latter , that the encouragement of expectation , when it is not finally realized , instead of conciliation , produces an increase of animosity . I trust , therefore , that the former will not rush into a committee , with so little prospect of arriving at a