witness ; and , therefore , one check ought to be put to the propagation of ambiguous reports . It appears that her Royal Highness , finding the intercourse between her and the young Princess was restricted more and more , addressed a letter to the Prince Regent , which was twice returned unopened . At length , it seems , it was read to his Royal Highness , and the cold answer returned was , that ministers had received no commands on the subject . That letter at last found its way into the public prints ; and then his Royal Highness , not as the head of his family , but as Prince Regent , by the advice of ministers , summoned a privy council to consult what he should do : and the extraordinary advice of this privy council to his Royal Highness was , not to refer to the present conduct of the Princess of Wales , but to the evidence of 1806 , and for such conduct she was to be punished , and not for any thing done by her in 1807 , 1808 , 1809 , or any subsequent year . 'Then ' ( exclaimed Mr. W. ) under what circumstances stand their famous proceedings of 1806 , for which alone her Royal Highness is to be punished ? All the witnesses against her perjured and blasted ! Yet at this moment sir John Douglas is in the service of one of the royal family . All the witnesses declared infamous , the evidence is declared unworthy of credit , when applied to the principal charge , and yet the same evidence is to be considered good when applied to levity of manners . It was considered as not sufficient to deprive her Royal Highness of the honours of her rank , of access to the King , of society with the Princesses , yet it is now to be raked up again to remove her from her child ? It is so admitted by the noble lord , and yet he and lord Eldon mix up this old hash of evidence as the only testimony that could be found to affect the Princess of Wales . But , was not this famous evidence of 1806 laid before the Prince 's legal advisers , Mr. Adam , Mr. Garrow , and Mr. Jekyll ? I should be 1146 glad to know how the last insidious paragraph of that opinion came before the public ? Whether it was not so made public from authority ? Again ; had not the cabinet of 1807 , all the evidence given in 1806 , before it , and the legal opinion of the Prince 's lawyers I just referred to into the bargain , when their verdict of unqualified acquittal was given ? From this verdict they now seem to shrink , because the evidence is stale and forgotten . ' Mr. Whitbread then read the Minute of Council of 1807 ; it was signed by lords Castlereagh and Eldon , and doubted the legality of the commission that sat upon the council in 1806 . Yet , ( added the hon . gentleman ) those noble lords who in 1807 doubt the legality of the proceedings of 1806 , now go back to those same proceedings of 1806 , as their only guide ' [ He then read that part of the minute of 1807 , that not only entirely acquits the Princess of Wales of every charge of criminality brought against her by the Douglasses , but exculpates her likewise from every hint of unguarded levity attributed to her by the Commissioners in 1806 . ] 'Do then ' said Mr. Whitbread , 'Do lord Castlereagh or lord Eldon , mean to escape from their words ? ' There never was a verdict of Not Guilty like this . The Princess of Wales threatened a publication of her case drawn up by Mr. Perceval , lord Eldon , and sir Thomas Plumer , if she was not received at court ; this they advised her to do . But the publication was delayed till lord