they could not conscientiously accept . An hon . general had alleged that such must be the case with respect to any regulations : this was not the language held in 1793 : such a reflection would then have been thought a reproach . What ! shall the Catholics of Ireland declare , that they can not consent to adhere to such a constitution of things , as has prevailed in all Catholic countries in Europe ? Such a pretence would be quite idle : they must see , that in this , as well as in other countries , there could be nothing inconsistent or unreasonable in the proposed scheme of regulation . Such an argument was , therefore , highly injudicious ; and he would defend the Catholics against the imputation that such were their sentiments : if they were , they were much altered since he had the opportunity of knowing them in 1793 . He wished to speak of the Catholic faith in the only part in which it appeared to him to touch upon this subject . In adverting to the tenets of an establishment , great forbearance should be exercised ; every church had on its records , tenets , of which it in time became ashamed ; these , though obsolete , were suffered to remain , because it was frequently a difficult and unpleasant employment to wipe away the errors of our ancestors . The Pastoral of the Pope , which had been so much reprobated , was issued at a time when he was completely stripped of power , and must be considered as an angry effusion uttered in self-defence . He did not pretend to be blind to the danger of the power of the Papal see : it might be rendered formidable as a political instrument , and his opinions might become strong engines of attack to serve particular purposes . He well saw , that not all the might of the emperor of France was able to depress or destroy the influence of the Pope ; and not long 1022 since he had an opportunity of seeing the effects of this influence . In the expedition of general Moore , a courier was intercepted , who was conveying to Buonaparté the weekly dispatch of Fouché , the minister of police . In this document was explained the state of the public mind ; and it was predicted , that Buonaparté would succeed in Spain , if he did not attempt to do violence to the Pope , and through him to the universal Catholic feeling throughout Europe . Attention was paid to this advice , and it was not till after the defeat of Austria that the Pope was humiliated : and now , when difficulties pressed on the ruler of France , the Pope was released . He did not , therefore , deny that the influence of the Pope was great , —that , wielded in conjunction with the resources of the French empire , it might be formidable . The Pope , therefore , became a proper object of constitutional jealousy ; but he did not the less feel , on this account , the necessity of entering into this great question , and providing the best remedies against all possible danger . He would not consent to stir a step , unless he was convinced that every step would be secure : but he was convinced that if the Catholics should be suffered to embark in one common cause with common privileges , the nation was strong enough not to suffer by this allowed union in a common interest . Whatever might be the sentiments of the Pope , the conduct of the Catholics had been most friendly to the British constitution ; and he conjured them now to consider , that , in the proposed regulations , no other principles , no other modes of action would be adopted , than what were common to all Catholic states in Europe . Even in Spain , the government had been so jealous of Papal interference , that by an act of state , they