did at present . He might be allowed to decide causes there in the absence of the Lord Chancellor in the House of Lords , and sit in the Court of Chancery while the chief officer of that Court was engaged in hearing appeals . Were there not , too , matters of course which occupied a great portion of the valuable time of the Lord Chancellor , that might be discharged adequately by existing officers of the Court ? There were no doubt cases in bankruptcies of a very complicated and difficult nature ; but it 472 was not precisely the fact , as was stated , that bankruptcy causes in general required all the talents of the learned lord . If a new officer were appointed , he should be appointed to some great branch of what belonged to the Chancellor , by which the Chancellor would be really relieved . There were many persons practising in the courts of law and equity fully adequate to the determination of such matters , and fully equal to grapple with and discharge those duties . He could not understand what the noble lord meant , by saying there was an intention of adding a fifth judge to the Court of Exchequer . It might add to the wisdom , but could not add to the number of decisions of the Court.—In appointing a person to a situation which was to be not superior to that of Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King 's Bench , but superior to the office of Chief Justice of the Common Pleas , and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer , he would not begin by degrading him . But the present Bill did not make him a deputy , but a drudge . He was obliged to sit when he was ordered to do so , and was not permitted to do any thing of his own will . They were alarmed , lest he should break the trammels with which they have surrounded him . This unfortunate man could make no order , no decree , without the leave of the Chancellor , —could not revise , or over-rule any thing done by the Chancellor , without special authority , —and was to obey such orders as the Chancellor had already made , or should hereafter make . He was to receive little emolument from his master , the Chancellor , who appeared to have given little , and to have retained much—Here the hon . gentleman proceeded to quote certain passages of the Bill , by which the Vice-Chancellor was discharged from officiating , unless specially authorized by the Lord Chancellor , and by which he was to proceed at such times and in such manner and form us the learned lord should think fit . He was also to be paid like a drudge who did all the work and got very little pay from his master . He thought that the person who filled the office of Lord Chancellor ought to be liberally , nobly , and honourably paid , not only to enable him to support his exalted situation in splendour , but to secure such a provision for his children , as would enable them to appear as the children of a peer . He did not say that the Lord Chancellor was at present too 473 liberally paid . But the portion which was allotted to the Vice-Chancellor from the emoluments of the Lord Chancellor was altogether so small and niggardly , that it would be better to take nothing from him at all , and that a suitable provision should be made from some other source . Before he concluded , he wished to suggest whether the taking away intermediate appeals from the Master of the Rolls might not be a measure that would be attended with beneficial consequences ? There was one argument , too , against the offices of Chancellor and Speaker of the House of Lords being vested in the same person , which was deserving of notice , n all appeals to the House of Lords from the Lord