to create one to attend at the Cockpit ; because when a new judicial office was erected , should it not be endeavoured to avoid breaking in on the present judicial establishment ? He did not know how it happened that out of so many privy counsellor 's who had filled the great offices of state , and many of whom were in the receipt of large sums of public money , there could not be found any to attend the judicial business of the council . He was ignorant of any reason that could be assigned , why such of them as from education , professional habits and experience , might render important assistance , did not give their presence and aid to the adjudication in the Cockpit . The Chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster , for instance , was an officer who was frequently an eminent lawyer , as was the case at present . Yet neither this officer , nor any of the 120 other privy counsellor 's ( except the Master of the Rolls ) performed the duty in question . He could not see why the Master of the Rolls should be taken from his usual occupations to transact this 539 business instead of assisting the Lord Chancellor , when out of this number of privy counsellor 's so many might be found competent to supply the deficiency . Four or five days only were necessary for Plantation causes , and a few more in time of war for Prize Appeals . It was , besides , an error to suppose that trifling causes only were decided before the Master of the Rolls , many of them were of the most complicated nature , requiring the most mature deliberation , and , in fact , took very often twice as much time as causes before the Chancellor . It was true that the case had been different in the time of former Chancellors . Twice as many causes were usually heard in the Rolls during the time of the present Master , as during that of any of his predecessors , so that the present Chancellor had less to do than formerly . The fact was , that the duties of the Master of the Rolls had been greatly changed and multiplied in the time of the present Chancellor . A vast deal had been transferred from the latter to the former , and in that proportion the latter had been relieved . He was sorry that an hon . and learned gentleman , whose mind was so well formed to struggle with the objections urged against this measure , had left them almost entirely untouched . He drew a strong conclusion from the silence of that hon . gentleman ( Mr. Horne ) . As to the argument which had been used , that the eyes of the public would be on the Court of Chancery , and that thus the evil arising from the absence of the Chancellor on political business , would be prevented by public jealousy , nothing could be more futile . Who composed the public here alluded to , or who was to make the grievance public ? Was it to be supposed that the counsel , or solicitors of the court , would complain of the absence of the Chancellor during four days instead of three ? during five days instead of four ? It must be obvious that the evil must grow to a monstrous magnitude before any such complaint would be made . The main objection was , that the evil would be irremediable . Why should not the Bill be made a temporary one ? Why should the officer be appointed for life ? When the Chancellor was estranged from his court , and the evils consequent on this estrangement became manifest , this Vice-Chancellor could only be got rid of by turning the office into a sinecure . A much readier and safer way to relieve the Lord Chancellor from the pressure of business , of 540 which he complained , would be , as he had observed before , to separate from