drag down the vengeance of these occasional laws upon inoffensive , though mistaken subjects , in opposition to the lenient inclination of the civil magistrate , and to the destruction of every principle of toleration and religious liberty. '' — ( Vol . 4 , p. 57 ) De Lolme , also , in observing upon the Catholic religion in the time of James 2 , says , it was a mode of faith which repeated acts had proscribed . `` Proscribed , not because , it tended to establish in England the doctrines of transubstantation and purgatory , doctrines in themselves of no political moment , but because the unlimited power of the sovereign had always been made one of its principal tenets. '' — ( P . 55 . ) And Justice Blackstone , in summing up what actually took place in consequence of the Revolution , says , `` formerly the descent was absolute , and the crown went to the next heir without restriction , but now , upon the new settlement , the inheritance is conditional. '' — ( Vol . 1 , p . 217 . ) He further says , `` the Bill of Rights , the Act of Settlement , with its conditions , the Act for uniting England with Scotland , and some others , have asserted our liberties , in more clear and emphatical terms ; have regulated the succession of the crown by parliament , as the exigencies of reli- 1001 gious and civil freedom required , have confirmed and exemplified the doctrine of resistance , when the executive magistrate endeavours to subvert the constitution. '' — ( Vol . 4 , p . 44 . ) These opinions of such great constitutional authorities , fully expose the errors , which have been so loudly and so industriously promulgated , in respect to the nature of those laws , which exclude the Catholics from office , and from the legislature . They all agree in shewing that the political , and not the religious principles , were the grounds of that exclusion , and that it never was the intention of our ancestors , who were the authors of the exclusion , to continue them after the danger ceased , against which it was calculated to provide . But the Bill of Rights is a complete denial of all that is asserted by the opponents of the Catholics , in respect to what was done concerning them at the Revolution . It is only necessary to read it to discover their refutation . There are contained in this Act , thirteen heads of complaint against king James , and thirteen clauses , declaratory of the rights and liberties of the people of England ; but among them there is nothing whatever relative to the Catholics . The enactment concerning the oath of supremacy , has no other object than that of making such an alteration in the then existing oath , as would enable the Presbyterians to take it , which they could not do , according to their religion , so long as it declared the king of England to be supreme head of the church . By the new oath , they were only required to deny that a foreign power was the head of it . The only part , in fact , of this law , which relates to the Catholics , is that clause , which excludes a Catholic from silting on the throne . This is the only enactment of exclusion , and to say that this exclusion amounts to a general exclusion of the Catholics from political power , is to rest the case on a mere inference . But if we are to make inferences from the Bill of Rights , it will be much more correct to say that the authors of it would have inserted a positive exclusion of the Catholics from office , and from the legislature , if they had considered it essential and fundamental for the preservation of the constitution . It is worthy of remark , in order more fully to illustrate the futility of