and they have a political existence , established by repeated acts of the legislature acknowledging in every line the justice and necessity of conferring it upon them . The question of prudence therefore is , not whether you will have the Catholics discontented and powerless , but whether you will add something to their power , in order to lessen their discontent . Now , Sir , in order to settle this question it may be well to enquire , oh the one hand , what is the actual amount of discontent existing among the Catholics , and on the other , what is the degree of power that still remains to be conceded to them . The discontent is great , active , and growing ; and can not be allayed except by concession ; the probable accession of political power is small . I say the probable accession , for it is with probabilities , and not with bare possibilities and extreme cases that we are concerned . It would consist of a few Roman Catholic members in the other House , a few more in this , and they not more under Catholic influence than the present members may fairly be supposed to be , who are returned by the votes of Catholic freeholders ; and what common sense and humanity seem to require , a few Roman Catholic sheriffs , and other officers of justice . This , together with a few general officers , would be the whole immediate accession of power . In the course of a certain number of years , as the jealousy against them diminished , as they acquired more property , and more knowledge , they would increase also in political influence , they would fill more seats in parliament , rise to the command of armies , and perhaps become ministers of state . But then against this probable increase of power on the one hand , must be set the equally probable increase of a liberal and tolerating spirit on the other . More Catholics would acquire power , but they would be less intensely Catholic in any offensive sense of the word . The 931 blood of the Martyrs , it has often been remarked , was the seed of the church . And if persecution , or disqualification , ( which is a branch of persecution , and differs from it only in degree ) fails of inducing men to abandon their faith entirely , it is sure to make them cling to it more pertinaciously . It is never indifferent . The Catholics certainly are not persecuted , but the disabilities under which they still labour , are quite sufficient to irritate them , and to keep alive in their minds a spirit of obstinate adherence to the peculiar , and , if you will , mischievous doctrines of their own sect . It is not their common religion , it is their common grievance , that binds them so closely to each other , separates them from their fellow subjects , and invests them with all those qualities that render them an object of alarm . An admission to equal honors , that enlarged intercourse with society which the pursuit of these honours necessarily induces , the contagion of liberal opinion : all these things will rapidly wear away those asperities , and dissipate those prejudices , by which the Catholics are now disadvantageously distinguished from their fellow subjects . All those temptations of office , and power , and dignity , which , it is found by experience , absolutely fail of inducing men formally to renounce the creed which is held by their friends and kinsmen , which has been handed down to them by their forefathers , and which they have perhaps already taught to their children , are all-powerful in leading them tacitly to abandon , or at least to refrain from insisting upon those parts of it that are calculated to disgust or alarm the rest of the world . You would have Catholics invested with dignities , and enjoying power—yes—but what sort of Catholics ? Bigotted fanatical Catholics—No