imperious , nothing could oppose it , but the consent of the crown was necessary to an act of parliament . The resolution of the two Houses was nothing—of itself it possessed no power against the conscience of the King . It had been said , that the oath had already been broken , but it was not in essentials ; the alterations which had been made amounted to no breach of that oath ; but the measures now proposed would amount to a revolution ; the repeal of the Corporation and Test Acts would overturn the authority of both church and state . The first article of the new constitution of Spain was , that the Roman Catholic should be the established religion of the country , and that no other should be tolerated . Here was Catholic liberality . Though we were fighting their battles for them , and wasting our blood and treasure in supporting them against the tyrant of Europe , they would not even tolerate us as Protestants . He also noticed a suggestion thrown out on a former debate , that even if the one hundred Irish members were Catholics , there would be no danger in the fact . That they would be so , he thought very probable , and appealed to the House for the dangers that must ensue from such a body , acting together with one end in view . The rudder was small , but it guided the ship ; and no minister could withstand such a combination as this might be , of men elected , not by the property , but by the beggary of Ireland , and under the influence of their Catholic , priests . A hundred Catholics in that House would govern parliament . Suppose these hundred members made a bargain with the minister to vote with him on every occasion , must they not have every thing their own way ? —Elections in Ireland , he repeated , were not made by the property , but by the beggary of the country , and three fourths of the present members were returned by the direction of Popish priests . They would , if this bill passed , come over like a swarm of bees , and he would be a great minister who could withstand them . First , they would have all Ireland to themselves ; it could not be doubted whether they would continue long united with this country , when the dissolution of the Union was the first object in all their declarations . having stated his general 1244 opinions on a former night , now rose to speak solely to the motion of the right hon . gentleman . The committee was reduced to a difficulty of great extremity . They were , in fact , called upon to grant almost every thing , or to grant nothing to the claims of the Catholics . Yet he was free to say , that while much might be granted , there was also something to be withheld . He could not but consider the question in every possible point of view but as one which appeared to him a measure of expedience , and in reality a measure of necessity . Gentlemen , he was sure , must feel , that if they were to stop where they were , they had either gone too far , or not far enough . It would be a subject of great regret , if , after the resolution of last parliament , and the adoption of that pledge by that House , the matter should be terminated abruptly , without their being able , after all this discussion , to collect any practical result . For these reasons he was in favour of the motion . At the same time he had no scruple in stating his regret that the right hon . mover had not opened his views to a larger extent than he had done , and given him some prospect of agreeing with him hereafter . But if the right hon . gentleman had not come up to