Catholic claims , with those which , from his own avowal , at a former period , he was supposed to entertain . Sir , the right hon . gentleman is surprised that those who have succeeded him , in office , and whom he is pleased to call 901 his halves , should differ so much from each other upon this subject ; but greatly as my right hon . friend ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) and I may differ upon it , we are not more at variance with each other than the right hon . gentleman is with himself . I suspect that we are more apt representatives of the right hon . gentleman than he seems to be aware of , and that not only have I succeeded the right honourable gentleman in one of his official capacities , as my right hon . friend has succeeded him in the other , but the different opinions , which the right hon . gentleman has expressed at different periods , have been also divided between us ; those which the right hon . gentleman held , when in office , having fallen to my share , and those , which he has since espoused , to the share of my right hon . friend . In personal unity we can not represent him , but in discordance of sentiment we are competent to the task . Sir , the right hon . gentleman says , that we are not to judge of his political opinions by his conduct when in office ; that , at that time , the cabinet was united , and that he was in a subordinate capacity ; not acting upon his own judgment , but executing the commands of others ; he adds , too , that documents would be found , if the offices were ransacked , which would prove that the opinions which he now expresses , could be reconciled with those which he then held . Sir , if this be so , and if the right hon . gentleman did differ from those with whom he was acting , what forbearance has he shewn in this House ! He was taunted with arrogating to himself the whole of the government of Ireland ; the official acts of that government were imputed , by some of his adversaries , to his impetuosity and indiscretion , yet he submitted with cheerfulness to every imputation of bigotry and intolerance , and not a word escaped him , from which it could be inferred that there was not the most cordial concurrence of sentiment , on every branch of the Catholic question , between himself and the other members of the government . I may admire the right hon . gentlemen for their example of forbearance and discretion , but I can not help thinking that it would have been better for him , if he did differ with those whose instructions he was called upon to execute , to have resigned his office , rather than have sacrificed his opinions . Sir , I was desirous , I own , of following the right hon . baronet ( Sir J. Newport ) in the debate , but yielded precedence to the 902 right hon . gentleman , because , from the former expression of his opinions , on this subject , I concluded that he rose to answer the right hon . baronet . Sir , I find myself mistaken , and , with regard to the right hon . gentleman 's own speech , I confess my inability to answer it , but will refer him , for an answer , to a speech of the right hon . gentleman himself . Unless I am much mistaken , Sir , there was a speech of the right hon . gentleman , delivered last session of parliament , in which he stated , that he had hitherto declined delivering his opinion upon the Catholic claims , as distinct from the conduct of the Catholic committee ; but , being called upon , he had no difficulty in confessing , that he did