, when a number of petitions were coming before them , and one was presented by the alderman of the ward of Billingsgate , a facetious member desired it to be read , in order to know if the sentiments bore any resemblance to the language of the alderman who , he observed , always spoke that of his particular constituents . But , notwithstanding the violence which had been expressed in other Petitions , and the coarseness which might have been in this , he must admit that the language was mild and decent ; and , though it might have been supplied to the petitioners , on this occasion he would give them credit , that it proceeded from themselves . In respect to his wishing the Petition to be read , it was only consistent with the desire of the noble viscount himself , who , on a former evening , had expressed his opinion , that all these Petitions might be read . referred to what passed on a former evening , and said it was merely through the expression of a noble lord , he had thought it right to move that the whole of the Petition be read . He did not perceive the necessity of the remarks which had been made upon this and other Petitions . With respect to the present , the language was mild and respectful , and it had been so described by the noble duke ; and it was certainly more than was necessary or to be expected , that petitioners should always express themselves with classical purity . He deprecated that scrutiny which had been used towards these petitions ; for he must repeat , he never in the course of thirty years , during which he had a seat in this and the other House of Parliament , recollected so much scrutiny and severity applied to petitions , which must operate as a discouragement to those who were still inclined to address their lordships upon this subject too well remembered a period somewhat before the noble viscount came into active life , when it was pretended that the sense of the country was expressed by the numerous petitions which were presented , one of which was signed by forty thousand persons . Party at that period ran high , but there was no man who would now say that was the sense and opinion of the people . He recollected the dreadful effects of such dissention respecting religion . He need not mention how the flame burst forth ; and it was fortunate that this metropolis was not laid in ashes . It was on these grounds he felt a reluctance to hear the language used on the present occasion ; and he felt himself bound as a peer to prevent , as much as possible , that spirit which , like the former religious volcano of London , might break out in those parts from whence some of these petitions came , and make destruction in the country . There was also another ground on which he felt inclined to be a little scrupulous in the receipt of these petitions , for though the noble viscount must have more information than he had on the subject , yet he well knew , in some places , that influence had been used on the present occasion . again stated what he had urged last night , that these Petitions arose out of the declarations which had represented the Protestants of this country to be favourable to the Catholic Claims . He concurred with the noble duke that the time he had referred to produced most horrible effects . It was a disgrace to those who had acted on the occasion , but there was no comparison between the mild and considerate manner in which the Protestants now treated this subject , and that which was used at the period to which the noble duke had referred . said , he had to present a Petition from more than 60,000 inhabitants of this metropolis , against what was called Catholic Emancipation . The persons who had signed