true spirit of constitutional feeling , listen seriously to the appeal . A little reflection would make his hon . and learned 546 friend sensible of the injustice of such an assertion ; and , indeed , it only needed to be said , that he himself practised in that court in order to make every other person who was acquainted with his character sensible of it . Now , with respect to the question before the House , it had been argued that it was the object of ministers to create a magistrate , who , under the cloke of magistracy , should be really a purely political character , and such being their design , a person would be installed in the new office who , from a want of professional ability and practice , would be totally incompetent to perform the duties of the Chancellor in his absence , a phantom , a shadow , who would bring into disgrace the very office , the duties of which he would affect to perform , and who would occasionally have to decide in a court of appeal a cause which he could scarcely decide in the court from which the appeal would lie , without creating a necessity for it . He thought that these views imputed to ministers were at once absurd and unjust ; but supposing they were disposed to act on such views , could they expect that their election of an individual to fill the office , if improper , would go unquestioned , or that there were not many individuals there who , in the spirit of the constitution , would call the attention of the House to the circumstance . The hon . and learned gentleman had expressed an opinion , that it would be better if Welsh Judges and Masters in Chancery were not permitted to have seats in parliament ; as , to use his own phrase , they were worse judges for being members of parliament , and worse members of parliament for being judges . He could feel no other sensations than those of pleasure , in being thus placed in company with the Master of the Rolls ; but the memory of that gentleman 's parliamentary career had not so entirely faded from their recollection , his great talents , his well known integrity , were not so completely forgotten , as to induce a presumption that his hon . and learned friend 's proposition would meet with much approbation . He could not see why persons who held judicial situations were improper to be admitted to seats in the Commons House of Parliament . He thought that the reasoning , if true , ought to be carried farther , and that not only judges , but lawyers who might wish to become judges , ought to be equally excluded . And , with all the absence of ambition which distinguished his 547 hon . and learned friend , he did not think he would stand up and say , that great professional characters , at present members of that House , should not be made judges . It , however , the sarcasm was personal and aimed at himself , he could only say , that his hon . and learned friend had the experience of two years , as to the manner in which the business of the situation which he ( Mr. Stephen ) held , was performed—and ! he could tell whether his parliamentary duties prevented him from properly attending to the office which he filled . If any neglect were apparent in that office , he called on his hon . and learned friend to pronounce that sentence which his conduct deserved . He was very much astonished that his hon . and learned friend should support a proposition which had for its object to increase the labours of the Master of the Rolls : that right hon . gentleman , it was well known , in consequence of ill health , and the increasing duties of his situation , had found it absolutely necessary to abridge his attendance in that House