to do with the Chancery business , might easily be separated from the duties of the Lord Chancellor , and be entrusted to some other tribunal . Any common law judge was adequate to discharge this part of the duty . From the time of Henry 8 , to that of James 1 , it had been under the superintendance of privy counsellors . At the present day it occupied a fourth , some said even a third of the time of the Chancellor : and if it were not for this , they 475 would have no occasion to be now discussing the merits of the Bill in question . The hours so taken up might be most advantageously employed in what a noble and learned lord ( Redesdale ) had justly termed the `` proper '' business of the Court of Chancery as a court of equity . If any difficulty existed with respect to persons competent to this office , he thought it might easily be removed . He agreed that the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall were already sufficiently occupied ; but there were the Welsh judges , of any one of whom it might be fairly said , that he was helping the other to do nothing . There were eight of them—four of whom , he thought , might well be spared to conduct the bankruptcy business , while the other four were amply sufficient to discharge , without inconveniency , all the judicial functions in that country . It might be urged that the Lord Chancellor derived a large portion of his emoluments from the bankrupt cases . It was so ; but this was a precarious and most undignified source of revenue , and he was persuaded that parliament would compensate that great law officer for any injury that he might sustain , in consequence of a new arrangement , and the country would not think him overpaid for his important services , by a salary of 16 or 18,000l . Such a sum was indeed necessary , in order to enable him to maintain that salutary splendour demanded by his exalted station . The measure lie had proposed , he recommended not as the best possible measure , but as one infinitely preferable to the present . He was convinced that there were various modes by which the existing evil might be fully met . Parliament were not compelled to take the nostrum prescribed to them , or submit to the continuance of the disease . He had no faith whatever in the proposed specific : but if the only alternative was , to adopt the Bill before the House , or to allow the continuance of the present delays , much as he lamented the latter , as deeply injurious to the interests of individuals , and nationally disgraceful , he would not consent to purchase an exemption from them at the price demanded . Let the House contemplate the situation of the officer to be created by the Bill . Instead of being an independent judge , he would be subject to the will , pleasure , humour , and caprice of another : he would have his daily task set him . There was not a sheriff or a coroner in the island , who would not oc- 476 cupy a prouder station than this Chancellor 's drudge , with his train-bearer , and all his paraphernalia . He would be a new character in the constitution—a vassal judge ! a judge , whose duties would be prescribed to him by another ! These were harsh sounds in Great Britain in the 19th century ; and besides , what a precedent would thus be afforded ! If any arrear of business should , at a future period , accumulate in the Court of King 's Bench , on what pretence could parliament refuse to the great legal luminary of that court his judicial satellite ? —By acceding to the Bill on the table , the House would give to a subject a power which had been withheld from the sovereign , and would declare , that