temperate and guarded concession of civil privileges to our Catholic fellow subjects ; but I do not think the worse of them for feeling and exhibiting even exaggerated and groundless alarm , upon any thing affecting , in their conscientious opinion , the safety or well-being of the church . It is their duty to take such an alarm on the slightest indication of danger . Nothing can be more idle than to imagine that any class or description of men will see what they conceive their rights or interests invaded , or even approached , without feeling sensibly , —I might say sensitively , —the approximation of the innovating hand . Not a canal or a turnpike bill passes this House without experiencing , in its progress , the impediment of conflicting interests ; and to reconcile such interests in great things and in small is one main function of this House . The constitution itself , practically perfect as it is , is one great system of checks and balances , apparently and theoretically counteracting , in effect controlling , each other . To maintain the peculiar privileges of that class to which we especially belong , is the natural impulse of passion , as well as , perhaps , the safest rule of duty . And shall we cast blame on those who are the guardians of the temple—the sworn depositaries of that vestal fire which enlightens and purifies , and consecrates the civil constitution of the state—if they manifest a more than ordinary jealousy , and rise up with more , perhaps , than a necessary zeal , 1056 against the very shadow of a danger—if they watch with trembling anxiety over a charge so precious and so holy ? I acquit the clergy , then , as a body , of the blame which has been thrown upon them : but I could wish , at the same time , that they would consider with how good an effect they might set an example of mildness and charity in the controversy , in which , I am ready to admit , they may not be able to abstain altogether from engaging . They stand upon the vantage ground , and in proportion as they approach the nearest to the true and evangelical system of religion , they may , with the least hazard of sacrificing any part of its true interests , be forbearing towards those who are in error : Tuque prior , tu parce , genus qui ducis Olympo . ' It is not in exception , or derogation to this general apology for the clergy , that I mention a tract which has been put into my hands this morning , in answer to a letter published by a respectable Roman Catholic gentleman , whose name and high professional character ( Mr. Butler ) are probably known to many gentlemen who hear me . His answerer is , I have no doubt , a gentleman of equal respectability ; and , evidently , upon the face of his work , a scholar of no inconsiderable attainments , and a divine of the purest principles . I refer to his work , and to Mr. Butler 's , as perhaps the two least exceptionable , on their respective sides , to shew how liable even the best men are to be run away with by the zeal of controversy , and to be betrayed into modes of reasoning , and into harshnesses of expression which , in calmer moments , they can hardly fail to regret . The answerer begins , by charging Mr. Butler with `` a material suppressio veri , which , '' says the reverend writer , `` is , as Mr. Butler knows , almost as bad as a suggestio falsi . '' Now here are pretty strong terms , and such as any gentleman will probably allow ought not to be used , unless they can be borne out by pretty strong facts . `` Mr. Butler ( says his antagonist ) begins , by stating to you the resolution of the late House of Commons , passed