private feelings . There must , in consequence of the in creased labour , be an increase of emolument , not adequate , indeed , to the encroachment made on the ease of this most excellent and valuable judge ; but he was certain that highly respectable character would submit to the additional labour , feeling , as he must do , that the good of the country called for it . The encroachment on the ease of his honour , too , he was certain , would not be for more than two years , as then the arrear would have been made up ; and he would have the satisfaction of having so eminently served the country , while the alteration would , in the result , be a relief to himself , rather than a burden . Having thus stated his opinion , both of the present measure , and of the remedy which he himself would propose to substitute in place of it , for the evil which he could not deny existed , he should not now press his negative to the present Bill . He was satisfied that there was not , and could not be in this House any struggle for or against a particular measure like the present ; but that the object of all was equally directed to the providing of the best possible remedy for a public evil . If his hints , or those which had been more ably urged on a former night , by some of his hon . and learned friends near him , required investigation , as to the facts or calculations , he hoped gentlemen would take time to satisfy themselves as to their being strictly accurate ; and that they would pause before they irretrievably committed themselves , by adopting a measure like the present.—The hon . and learned gentleman concluded by moving as an amendment to the original motion , `` That the House do resolve itself into a Committee on the said Bill on this day fortnight . '' said , that it could not be considered as a compliment in him to observe , that any proposition which came from a member of such eminence and weight as the hon . and learned gentleman 532 on all subjects , but more particularly on one connected with his profession , must be entitled to consideration . In urging , therefore , the committal of the Bill , after the distinct and perspicuous statement with which the hon . and learned gentleman had favoured the House , he begged leave to assure him that he was not influenced by any un can did motive , or by any disrespect to his suggestions , which were worthy of every consideration ; but he thought it due to the dignity of their own proceedings . If by postponing the discussion , or in any subsequent stage of the Bill , the hon . and learned gentleman should succeed in convincing the House , the mode would then be , to negative one Bill and substitute another ; but until the present Bill was completed in its details , and amended in its form by passing through a committee , it was not fair to put it in competition with another scheme , and make it optional to decide between it and a plan which could not be digested sufficiently . The hon . gentleman might hereafter , if he felt so inclined , bring forward his ideas in the shape of a substantive proposition , and it would then be for the House to determine , but in the meantime it would be only right to mature the original measure by suffering it to go through the Committee . At the same time , he thought it right to state , that as far as he was able to follow the ingenious statement of the hon . and learned gentleman , he did not apprehend that the remedy he proposed was adequate to meet the evils which he acknowledged to exist . In the proposition offered by the hon . and learned gentleman ,