return . He would tell the House how to get rid of the impress service at once . Govern Ireland by conciliation and affection . Begin by forming registers of births , by the foundation of parish schools , and the formation of depots for male children , one of whom would be willingly granted out of each family , and in this way , and by the bestowing of moderate bounties , twice as many men would in a few years be produced , as would be required for our navy , and for our army also , without the assistance of Germans , Prussians , or Hanoverians . Not one man in twenty of those who were formerly procured for the army in Ireland could now be persuaded to enlist , and the reason was obvious . They were now beginning to be more enlightened , and of course felt more heavily their degraded state . 856 A great deal had been said by an hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) , as to the intemperance of the Catholic board This , for the sake of argument , he should admit ; and also , if the hon . gentleman chose it , that those same persons were likely to become factious demagogues . And supposing that to be so , what , he would ask , was the best remedy to apply ? Why , to take from them the tools by which alone they could do mischief make every one of those five millions of persons happy and they would be content : let them continue aggrieved and they would continue discontented . He denied , however , that the hon . gentleman was correct in his statement as to the conduct of the Catholic board . They might have been violent , but they had never been unconstitutional . Of this he could give the best possible proof . The Attorney-General and the minions of the Castle had been constantly watching over them like vultures , ready to pounce on them , had the smallest pretence for so doing presented itself , but they could find none . In his opinion they had not gone far enough . Had they not petitioned that House year after year , in the most respectful terms ; constantly asking as a boon what they might have demanded as a right ? The hon . gentleman seemed happy in finding that there were gentlemen in that House ready to go the length of asserting the right of the Catholics to what they now claimed . He was one of those who cheered the hon . gentleman on that occasion , and he should now prove the existence of such right ; in the first place , stating that he had recommended it to the Catholics of the county of Tipperary to ask what the applied for as a right , but that he could only get them to ask it as a boon . To prove that the Catholics had a right to what they now asked , he begged to remind gentlemen that king James did not abdicate his Irish throne at the same time that he abdicated his English throne . After the battle of the Boyne , the Irish army retired to Limerick , where the treaty of Limerick was concluded between them and lord Athlone , on the part of king William , in the year 1691 , by whom it was afterwards ratified . By this treaty it was stipulated that the Catholics and the people of Ireland should possess every advantage and privilege ever possessed by any of his Majesty 's loyal subjects ; and , shameful to tell , that sacred treaty was 857 broken through by an act passed by the English parliament in the 4th year of the same king 's reign , an act which at this moment remained a record of most disgraceful perjury , to which , till it was removed , the government of this country must continue , to be parties . This was his opinion as to the rights of