to-morrow in the House , thus redeeming the pledge to which the hon . gentleman had adverted . He had , indeed , expressed a most violent animosity to ministers , and recommended that no effort should be spared to bring about their downfal ; to which , he had added , he would himself contribute with every possible energy . He was obliged to contradict that the hon . gentleman had stated with respect to his having dissuaded his auditors from petitioning the throne . He had never done so , and he was glad that the present opportunity was offered him of making that assertion , because he had heard that the hon . gentleman had , in the morning , made the same charge against him in private which he had now done in public , and that in the presence of a person for whom he had the greatest possible esteem ; and , moreover , that the charge had been coupled with another , purporting , that he had spoken unfavourably of that person . That he had never done so , he solemnly protested , nor ever cherished a sinister feeling towards the person in question , but , on the contrary , felt entirely grateful for the kindness he had experienced from him . He had most strenuously advised him not to have any thing to do with the present ministers , and this , he must be satisfied , was a service he would not have performed towards any one to whom he did not wish well . As to what he had said to the Catholics , with respect to their rights , he was always of opinion , that to what they were now seeking , they had a right by virtue of the treaty of Limerick ; and he had not only on the recent occasion , but on all others , counselled them to demand instead of petition , for the restitution of their rights ; and he regretted much , that he had always found his entreaties to that effect unavailing . would not allege that 730 the hon . general had expressly enjoined the Catholics to forbear petitioning the throne ; but he had advised them not to petition the legislature , and in his apprehension the throne was a component part of the legislature . then required to know , if the hon . gentleman had any reason to doubt the originality of the signatures affixed to the Petition ? And , having received an answer in the negative , He next required to know , if the hon . general had any reason to doubt whether they were original ? To which question general Mathew having replied that he had none but public report , the Petition was ordered to lie on the table . On presenting the Petition from the Protestant noblemen , & c. of Kilkenny , said , he had in his hand a Petition from the Protestants of one of the most Catholic counties in Ireland , signed by men who were not merely theoretically conversant with the nature of the claims now preferred by the Catholics , but who , living among the Catholics , and thereby attaining a thorough understanding of their feelings and disposition , were thoroughly qualified to form a judgment as to the expediency or inexpediency of complying with their demands . At the meeting from which this Petition had emanated , colonel Gore was in the chair , a gentleman who had formerly expressed his inclination to promote the interest of the Catholics ; but whose change of opinion , not showing any undue versatility in him , which it certainly did not , should impress the advocates of the Catholics with a strong sense of the necessity of moderation in their endeavours to serve them . denied that the Petition could be considered as what it purported to be—a Petition from the Protestant inhabitants of Kilkenny . He would mention a fact , which would at once show the House the impropriety of considering it as such . At the place where the