to the Russian army to know that the marquis of Wellington had at Salamanca completely routed the French army ? To be told , that if they stood to the enemy like Englishmen , they would achieve as great a triumph , and as great a triumph they did achieve ? For , though from various circumstances it was found impossible to follow up that victory , still it was a victory , than which a prouder triumph never was obtained by the forces of any country.—In that action , that distinguished general prince Bagration , whose loss we had since to deplore , with 30,000 men , repelled the whole military power of France directed to one point . But it was not at Borodino only that lord Wellington had served the cause of Russia by the influence of his actions , and where the moral effects of his victory were found—they pervaded the whole Russian empire . Russia had been assisted by his military 159 councils . The principle on which Russia had acted on the opening of the campaign was that which was recommended by the marquis of Wellington . He had said , if Russia adopted that system she was safe . It was on that principle that he had formerly defended Portugal ; so that Russia might be supposed to have derived equal benefit from his councils and example . At the moment the French had taken Moscow , it was some consolation to our allies to know that lord Wellington , by pursuing a plan similar to that on which they were acting , hid taken Madrid ; and what was more , that he had forced the enemy to give up that which , for more than two years , they bad anxiously carried on—the siege of Cadiz . It was immediately subsequent to their receiving intelligence of this , that Murat met with that defeat which sealed the necessity of Buonaparté 's retreat from Moscow . The effects , then , of the battle of Salamanca were to be traced not only in Spain , but in Russia ; and not only in Russia , but through all the world ; its ramifications were felt to excite those who suffered under the tyrant of France to rise to resistance . There was yet one other extraordinary and most important result seen proceeding from the battle of Salamanca , in the conquest it gave lord Wellington over Spain herself ; for he would put it to the House , with their knowledge of the pride of the Spaniards , their distinguished pride , their honourable pride , and , in many instances , their useful pride , for he did not know but that their pride opposed a more effectual bar to foreign conquest than almost any other nation could oppose to it—he put it , then , to the House , what must be the effect of lord Wellington 's exploits on the Spanish mind , what the ascendancy of character which he had gained , when the united voice of the whole nation gave him the command of their whole military means . If a proof were wanting of the universality of this feeling in the Spanish people ; if a proof were wanting that that honour was not conferred on him merely by the majority of the Spanish councils , the Cortes or the Regency , they could bring it to no better test , than was furnished by the conduct of that unfortunate officer general Ballasteros , to whose neglect and disobedience of the orders he received was in no small degree attributable the speedy advance of the enemy . What , however , was the result of this test ? It appeared in his case , that 160 so far from finding any support in the population of the country , or in the army which he commanded , which was warmly attached to him , and which he had often led to victory , he found no one to stand by him . Even that particular division of his army , which had till then considered its