was to write down the depositions of the witnesses , and read them over to them before they were signed . For this office he was selected in preference to the then Attorney-General , or to any other person , merely because ha was already acquainted with the case , and it was advisable , if it should not be therefore necessary to institute any judicial or legislative proceeding , that as much secrecy as possible should be observed . Having been present at all the examinations ( except on one day , when by accident he did not receive the notice ) , he would say from his own observations that they were conducted with all the impartiality of judges acting under the sacred obligations of an oath . Of the Report which they made , it would be highly improper for him to say any thing ; he could not state any opinions without adverting to the facts , which , considering the manner in which he had become acquainted with them , it was his duty not to publish . Some observations had been made on the opinion afterwards given by the then Attorney and Solicitor General . Of that opinion he would only say , that if they did not recommend a prosecution against any of the witnesses , it certainly was not from any doubt that they entertained of the authority of the Commissioners to administer an oath , or of the legality of the commission under which they acted . Doubt , however , had been suggested by the hon . gentleman upon its legality , and in the Letter which the Princess of Wales addressed to the King in 1806 , and which , the hon . gentleman ascribed to lord Eldon , Mr. Perceval , and the present Attorney General , the legality of all the proceedings are called in question . That the letter was written by those persons he never would believe till he heard it from unquestionable authority . It bore the strongest internal evidence that it could not have had the sanction of such persons . The objection , indeed , seemed to turn merely upon the forms observed with respect to the instrument giving the authority , and yet it was surely impossible to 1143 doubt , that upon a representation of misconduct in a member of the royal family ' , involving besides a charge of high treason , and presenting the danger of a disputed succession , the King 's verbal authority to a number of privy counsellors was sufficient . The letter complains that the ordinary modes of inquiry were not resorted to , as if ministers ought immediately , without endeavouring to investigate the truth of the charges , to have caused a bill of indictment to be preferred to a grand jury , and to kindle a flame in the kingdom upon a charge of such importance , when possibly there might be no real foundation for it . The slightest knowledge of our history was sufficient , to leave no doubt upon the constant recourse had to such inquiries . From the time of sir John Fenwick , to go no earlier , to the trials of Mr. Home Tooke and Mr. Hardy , certain members of the privy council had , upon a charge of treason , or treasonable practices , always inquired into the truth of the charges , before any judicial proceeding was instituted . The legality of such proceedings was indeed recorded by the whole legislature . In the act passed on occasion of Mr. Harley 's life having been attempted while he was sitting as a privy counsellor upon such an inquiry , the act states that it was while he was in discharge of his duty ; but it should seem according to this objection , that it should have been stated that he was acting illegally and in violation of his duty . That this committee of the privy council consisted only of four persons , could afford no objection ; no one would pretend , that by law a larger number was necessary