the different orders of Monks and Friars dependent upon the will of their different principals , may be perverted for the attainment of political ends , in consequence of the commands of these principals , to whom their respective orders and institutions have sworn submission and obedience . Why , let me ask , are the communications from the see of Rome , or from the principals of these religious orders , to be made matters of secrecy ? What necessity can there be for concealment ? Certainly none , but in the single point of confession . I am , Sir , now speaking with respect to facts which can not be contradicted , and with the truth of which every Catholic is acquainted . Where concealment is necessary , I can have no objection to concealment in matters of pure religion and conscientious feeling ; but in those common acts of public intercourse , secrecy and concealment are not only unnecessary , but must necessarily become the subject of distrust and well-founded suspicion . Having , Sir , noticed the nature of the security to which I naturally look in the course of the proceedings which may be adopted in the Committee , I next direct my attention to the Veto , which has so frequently become the subject of discussion , both in and out of doors . After all the care I have bestowed upon the consideration of this point , I must confess I am at a loss to find how the Catholics can find it inconsistent , as it has in certain cases been maintained , with the best spirit of their religion , and with the justice of their claims . I have been lately led to believe , and I am now confirmed in the opinion , that this Veto affords , not only no satisfaction to the Catholics , but that it is even condemned as a measure which we have no right to require . But , Sir , be this as it may , it becomes my duty to state facts as they have actually occurred , and 1025 to assure the House that this Veto was not proposed either by myself , or by those with whom I had the honour to act . On the contrary , Sir , I can venture to state , that it was formally and explicitly proposed to his Majesty 's ministers by the Roman Catholics themselves . I can also stale , with the same confidence , that no idea was ever entertained of acquiring patronage in the Catholic church , on the part of the government , in consequence of the Veto , which was not , as I have observed , the favourite measure of my colleagues or myself , but which , in truth , was first held out as the result of the best wishes and mature deliberations of the Catholics themselves . I will be still more explicit on this head ; and I can add , that such was their liberality on the occasion , that they ran before the wishes , and outstripped the desires of the government itself . I am therefore , authorised in laying down this plain and undeniable principle , that the Roman Catholics , in their avowed character as honest men , have no right to attribute to the government any idea of acquiring patronage in the Catholic church by the exercise of the Veto ; and that the Veto was in reality not suggested by the government , but was proposed to the consideration , and recommended to the adoption , of ministers by themselves . This principle did not go by any means , or by any possible operation , to sever the Pope from the Catholic church . It was proposed to learn from their own statements and opinions , the state and condition of the individuals whom they were desirous of placing in the situations which they wished to have properly filled ; the proposition came with the more earnestness , from the certain conviction that it was calculated to prevent the revival of jealousies