means of profiting by the circumstances which appeared so promising , he was certainly not so sanguine as many others who concurred with him as to the policy of granting the assistance . Whatever the result might be he thought it the duty of England to make an attempt in favour of Spain . The real question therefore was , whether the exertions of Britain were 39 commensurate with her means and resources , as well as with the importance of the object the attainment of which was in view . This was the true question . With regard then to the quantum or amount in the aid to be afforded , and also whether the aid were equal to the end , he could say , as to the first , that the utmost had been done for Spain which , consistently with a due attention to other objects , it was possible for government to accomplish . It was for those who maintained the contrary to shew how and where more might have been done , and he was astonished at the different manner in which the noble marquis had treated the subject . He bad examined it with the eye of a statesman ; for the exertions of a country must depend on the means which that country possessed . It might be said that in all contests great exertions had been made ; but instead of this general assertion , he wished the noble marquis had shewn or would shew him how in the present instance greater efforts could have been made than had actually been made by the British government . As to the equality of our means to the end in view , our gallant commander in the peninsula had never been deceived by government with respect to the means in its power to afford , nor bad any aid that officer required ever been refused . It would , indeed , have been an injustice to him , to our ally and to the country , to have deceived him on such points . Then considering the subject in all its bearings , how could any blame be imputable to ministers ? He admitted , that at the period when the French army were so engaged with Russia , the opportunity might be more favourable for a distinguished effort in the peninsula ; but considering the uncertainty of war , and the responsibility of government for the perpetual protection and safety of the empire , he would ask , whether it would be consistent with its duty , for one extraordinary effort , to throw away the means of future exertion ; that knowing the most brilliant campaign has often no decisive influence upon the fate of war , whether a wise government should cast all on one die—should hazard the main power , the heart 's blood of a country , merely to make a flourish—to risk perpetual strength for the peculiar triumph of one year ? A government intrusted with the management of the resources of a great empire were bound to recollect that their cases were not momentary but everlasting ; not 40 partial but entire ; and that they had to provide for the future as well as the present , and look to the safety of the whole , not to the display of some brilliant exploit upon a part . The country ought to know what exertions had actually been made , and it would be convinced of their sufficiency . But when the assertion was made that more ought to have been done for the peninsula ; to refute this argument he would beg the House to consider and compare , and , for the purpose of comparison , to look to the proudest periods of our history—to the periods of king William and queen Anne , when the great duke of Marlborough wielded the energies of the nation with so much glory and success . Let all the relative circumstances be fairly taken into view , ( the increase of population being admitted ) and he would challenge the comparison . Our means had augmented