grant of one-percent . should be made on the amount of all unprovided Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th of January in each year . The amount will of course vary in proportion as Exchequer Bills may be funded or discharged , and therefore this part of the sum destined for the redemption of debt , will be more conveniently provided by a grant upon the annual supplies , than by any permanent appropriation . Its effect however will be the same , and it will in future become nearly indifferent with respect to the redemption of debt , whether any sum which may be raised for the public service shall be immediately funded , or remain for a considerable length of time in the shape of Exchequer Bills annually renewed . In addition to the measures which I have on other occasions suggested to the House , it is now my intention to propose to their consideration one which more immediately belongs to the extensive system with which I wish to combine these separate measures . That system , the outlines of which I shall presently have occasion to state , will involve the repeal of so much of the Sinking Fund Act of 1802 , as directs that the whole Sinking Fund then existing shall continue to accumulate at compound interest till the total redemption of the whole funded debt then remaining unredeemed . It will appear to the Committee a natural and equitable consequence of this repeal that the sum of about 870,000l . which would in that year have been appropriated to the Sinking Fund , if the Act in question had not passed , should now be granted to it . This will place the public creditor in the same situation in which he would have stood , if a different provision from the customary mode of redemption had not been adopted in that year , and will enable the public to make a different arrangement more suited to the circumstances of the present time , with due regard not only to the legal claims , but to the fair expectations of the stockholder . This brings me naturally to the principal object to which I wish to direct the attention of the Committee this day . In what I have already stated I may appear to have had the support of public credit , and the interest of the stockholder principally , if not exclusively , in view ; but be- 1083 fore I conclude , I hope to satisfy the Committee that the other classes of our fellow-subjects have had at least an equal share in my attention . I must beg leave to preface my explanation of the system I am about to recommend by a few general remarks on the redemption of public debt . We are apt to consider this subject , ( if I may so express myself ) , too arithmetically ; we compute that a certain annual sum will at compound interest redeem a given amount of debt , within a certain number of years , but we forget the great considerations of policy and public economy which this operation involves . We do not consider that it disposes of the fortunes of thousands of individuals ; that it requires the transfer of a mass of property , amounting perhaps to a fifth part of the whole capital of the country , if estimated according to the returns to the Property Tax , from an employment in which it has been vested by the proprietors , to the manifest advantage of the public , into other modes of occupation , it is an experiment which , as far as my knowledge extends , has never been tried on a great scale . The present elector of Saxony , it is true , discharged the debt which his predecessors had accumulated upon that country ; but neither the amount of the sum , nor the circumstances of the electorate of Saxony can form any precedent for this wealthy and powerful kingdom . While war continues and loans are annually contracted exceeding the amount of the Sinking Fund ,