puling half-measures that effect nothing ; and that they will not listen for an instant to his indecisive policy . In this case , Sir , how does the hon . gentleman proceed ? Does he immediately dismiss his Finance Committee ? Does he shut up his books and walk home , and say that he will have nothing more to do with them ? No such thing , Sir . The hon . gentleman goes on , and persists in what he conceives to be his line of duty . He proceeds in his regular , though slow , siege of public corruption and abuse , completely regardless of the noisy shouts of discontent that assail him without doors , and determined eventually to accomplish his purpose . I do not assert that the hon . gent . is not sincere : his courage and perseverance are to be attributed to his sincerity : he defies all the clamorous addresses , votes and resolutions 953 of unauthorised intemperate men , and proceeds with his plan . Why not adopt such conduct towards the Catholics ? I deny , Sir , that they have manifested that outrage and violence which have been attributed to them since the vote given by the hon . gentleman last year : but if they have committed acts of violence , have they not been goaded to them by a sense of their wrongs ? And is the hon . gentleman quite sure that these violent resolutions , as he calls them , did really proceed from the friends of the Catholics ? Is he quite sure that they do not owe their origin to those who now possess influence , who are now considered magnates , —whose power would be diminished , if this measure were adopted , —whose interest it is to defeat the object which all good Catholics and well-judging Protestants too are anxious to see accomplished ? I am not surprized , Sir , at the great importance which is endeavoured to be attached to the petitions which have been laid on your table against the claims of the Catholics . With me they do not carry that weight which from the numerous signatures , I should be inclined , on almost any other occasion , to attach to them . I know , Sir , and the country knows also , the artful misrepresentations that have been resorted to for the purpose of obtaining them . I am aware of the inflammatory publications that have been industriously circulated : I have heard , and heard of inflammatory discourses and almost threats that have been uttered from the pulpit . I have seen the Charges that have been written by right reverend prelates , and written , I must say , apparently in total ignorance of the subject . Such papers , Sir , have been spread abroad by persons calling themselves the `` Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge ; '' and the people have been induced , by every artifice , and in some places even forced , to sign such petitions . The truth , I believe , in my conscience , is , that instead of the Protestants being more adverse than formerly , they are now by reany degrees more favourable to the concession of the claims of the Catholics . The son of a right reverend prelate ( Mr. Tomline ) who , from peculiar circumstances , may be supposed to speak from some information , has endeavoured to deprive us of the authority of Mr. Pitt in favour of the concession , and this attempt has been preceded by one not more successful on the part of the hon . 954 gentleman 's father ( the bishop of Lincoln himself ) who , in a Charge to the clergy of his diocese , has struggled hard to shew that the opinions of Mr. Fox on the subject of concession to the Catholics have been always misapprehended . This laudable design was to be carried into effect by a garbled quotation from a note in a posthumous work of my ever-lamented friend . This