one of the Resolutions of the Catholic meeting at Kilkenny , in order to prove the determination they had expressed , not to consent to any arrangement for securities to the Protestant establishment . deprecated the idea of treating with the Catholics as with an independent power . It was for the legislature to consider their claims , and make such enactments as to its wisdom should seem meet , and it was for the Catholics as subjects to obey . He could not , therefore , see any reason why the noble earl should have altered his opinion on the policy of the measure , merely because certain resolutions had been passed by some Catholics in some part of a county in Ireland . also presented a Petition to the same effect from the Protestants of the county of Tipperary , which was read . did not mean to object to its lying on the table ; but he thought these Petitions making allegations against the Catholics were scarcely regular , when 658 no Petition from any part of that body had yet been presented for the purpose of urging any claims . observed , that the proceedings of the Catholics for the purpose of urging their claims were notorious ; that they had been published in all the newspapers of Ireland ; and productions , avowedly by their authority , had been published , in which their claims had been set forth . lamented the tone of these Petitions , which he thought would only lead to corresponding acrimony on the part of the Catholics . presented a Petition from the gentlemen , clergy , & c. of the county and town of Carlow . His lordship stated , that although the prayer of the Petition was inimical to the unrestricted claims of the Catholics , yet its tenor breathed a spirit of toleration and conciliation suitable to the subject ; at the same time submitting to their lordships the necessity of guarding against such concessions as might endanger our Protestant constitution.—Ordered to lie on the table . rose to correct a mistake , into which he had fallen in the course of the debate on Thursday night . He was perfectly right in all the facts he had stated , relative to the conduct of the American consular agent who issued certificates ; but Mr. Lyman was not the person ( as he had then asserted ) who was guilty of the practice to which he referred . The name , however , was very similar , but he should decline mentioning it . In speaking also of the naval officer who had contributed by his skill and gallantry , to the preservation of our homeward-bound West India fleet , he should have stated , that it was captain Broke , of the Shannon frigate . felt himself extremely happy at the self correction of the hon . gentleman , and he was sure that it would prove a great source of satisfaction to the friends of the late general Lyman , than whom a more correct or honourable man did not exist . entirely participated in the satisfaction expressed by the hon . gent . moved the order of the day , for taking into farther consideration the report on the Vice-Chancellor 's Bill . on the order of the day being moved for the farther consideration of the Report of this Bill , observed , that the Bill had now received the finishing hand of the noble lord ; but he could not see that any improvement , or any material alteration , had been made . He had observed that the noble lord had taken great pains in the construction of the Bill to avoid the words Assistant Judge , though this , in fact , was the very thing intended . One of the Amendments , he observed , was resorting to the suitors ' fund for the payment of half of the new salary . Now , were there no other objection to the Bill , he should consider this alone as a very material one . The suitors ' fund was