by the enemy ; all the south of Spain was relieved from their oppressions ; and what was a yet more important consequence , lord Wellington was raised to the rank of generalissimo of the Spanish forces . This was the most important result of all . If any thing could tend more powerfully than another to give vigour and success to the exertions of the Spanish people , to render effectual their efforts for their own deliverance , it was thus placing their resources at the disposal of a person so well able to guide them , and vesting so skilful a commander with the controul of their armies.—He would next take the liberty of congratulating the House on the relation in which they stood to Russia , and in general on the new connections which had sprung up between Great Britain and the northern powers of Europe . The circumstances of Russia , he was happy to say , were such as left no ground for despondency . The Russians , it was true , had met with some reverses , but they were not sufficient to damp their ardour , or quell that enthusiastic love of country , which should animate every bosom . That spark of resistance , which had been lighted up in Spain , they had the satisfaction to behold rapidly spreading over Europe , and already extended to the extremity of the north . He was doubtful to which part of the prospect , now held out by Russia , he should first call the attention of the House ; whether to the spirit and decision of the emperor himself , or to the skill of his generals , or to the sacrifices so cheerfully made by the nobility , or to the valiant men who fought under their command ; but to whatever part of the picture they directed their attention , whether to the magnanimity of the emperor , the talent of his generals , the bravery of his troops , or the devotion of his subjects , they would find abundant matter for exultation . On these topics it was unnecessary 52 to dwell . They were the admiration of every person who could know and appreciate them . From one end to the other of that vast empire there seemed to be only one object in view , and that object was resistance to the enemy . From one end of it to the other , there seemed to be only one subject of contention , and that was who should contribute most to the defence of their laws , their religion , and their country . Such were the men whom for their bravery and their zeal , the oppressor of Europe would stigmatise with the name of Barbarians . If enthusiasm in the protection of every thing that was dear to our nature could merit the name of barbarism , he , for one , would wish to know where patriotism was to be looked for , and must express a hope that such barbarity might never be removed by civilization . But this was not the first time that a conqueror , when he found himself unable to combat the difficulties that opposed his progress , endeavoured to load with the same stigma the persons who had the boldness to resist him ; in which a disgraceful attempt was sought to be covered under the offer of indignities to a gallant people . Alexander the Great , under much the same circumstances , chose to designate as robbers and barbarians , the ancestors of these very Russians who had the courage to oppose his encroachments . To such language they answered as they ought to have done , `` that not to them who defended their country , but to him who came to despoil it , the appellation of robber was applicable ; '' and he would ask , might not the Russians now exclaim to Buonaparté , as their ancestors did to Alexander the Great , 'At tu , qui te gloriaris ad latrones persequendos venire ; omnium gentium quos adisti , latrones .