the American government , it must be , in a certain degree , through Congress , through the legislature of the state . The American President could not enter into the smallest agreement with any power , unless it was recognized , or conclude a treaty without its being ratified by two thirds of the Congress . You can not , therefore , treat with America exactly as you do with other countries ; for in her case , it is impossible to avoid having something of legislative enactment and interference . If the noble lord only understood the position in this defined and contracted view , that England was not to give up an important right , for the contingent legislative provision of another state ; then he thought he was perfectly correct . For he would never bind down this country to a treaty with any nation in the world by which England should , even by implication , part with a valuable right for a promised legislative provision . But , if it were intended in a general and extensive sense , that no negociation would be entered into on the subject , then he disapproved entirely of the principle . For , when they came to negociate , it must be on this point , otherwise there never could be peace . They must go to discussion on the point or the war must be eternal.—The noble lord had touched on another subject , not exactly connected with this—namely , the conduct of the war . He said , the government were justified in the course they had pursued—that they were innocent at least , if not praise-worthy.—The right hon . gentleman 618 said , he was not going to pronounce any sentence of positive condemnation against his Majesty 's ministers ; but this he would say , that all he had heard , and seen , and read , of their conduct , seemed to have contributed more to the continuance than to the termination of the contest . The noble lord said , he did not expect a favourable conclusion to the negociation . If he did not , had he not a right to have been prepared to prevent those triumphs which the Americans had gained at sea ? Did the noble lord believe that those successes , accidental in a great degree , — ( Hear , hear ! from the Treasury Bench. ) — '' Aye ! '' said Mr. Ponsonby , `` accidental , but not in the sense which the hon . gentlemen mean . '' Did the noble lord , he repeated , believe , that those successes would not have the effect of strengthening the war party in America ? Would they not exult when they saw our frigates made the prize of their marine ? The noble lord might tell the House , that our fleets were employed elsewhere . But when it was recollected that America had but three or four frigates , and about as many sloops on the ocean , when they considered that that was her whole force , was the noble lord prepared to say , that government were not able to afford such a force from the British navy , as might not only cope with , but sweep the petty fleet of America from the ocean ? If this were the fact , then France had reduced our navy to a state of decrepitude , which , on his conscience , he had never believed possible.—Having delivered these sentiments , it might be supposed that he ought , consequently , to oppose the Address . He did not feel it so ; and he would briefly state the motives which determined his conduct . He thought the present state of things was produced by a variety of irritating circumstances , and blameable conduct , on the part of both governments . Neither government was free from censure on this subject ; and , he believed , there were many persons in America , anxious to carry the war further than they ought—to continue and keep up this spirit of