this Petition , could read and write too . said , that it was the custom at the place where the Petition lay for signatures , to ask any one who presented himself to sign , whether he had read the Petition , and if he answered in the negative , to recommend him to read it before he signed ; and he did not doubt that the greater part of those who signed it had read it . said a few words on the same side . said , that the meeting in pursuance of the resolutions of which this Petition had been drawn up , was convened in the most obscure manner possible . As half a dozen people at the Crown and Anchor would come forward with , `` We the people of England ; '' —so this Petition , the signatures to which had been obtained by placarding the walls of taverns , and other disgraceful methods , was brought forward , as the Petition of the cities of London and Westminster . In so large a city a Petition on any subject would by such means get a long string of names ; but it was much to the honour of the city of London , that it had not joined , by any public act , in the senseless cry which had been raised , he was sorry to say , principally by the clergy . said , the meeting was publicly convened , and attended by persons of consequence , and that 90 out of 100 signed it in the room where the meeting had been held . said , that as to Westminster , 694 a numerous meeting which had been held in Palace yard had come to resolutions in favour of the Catholic Claims . asked sir W. Curtis whether notice had been given , that Petitions lay for signatures at the Churches in London during divine service . said , he was sorry he could not speak to the fact . reprobated the practice of applying the Churches , and the time allowed for divine service , to purposes merely political . acquainted the House , that he had received a Letter from the right hon . the Lord Mayor of Dublin , the contents of which he communicated to the House ; and the said Letter was thereupon , by direction of the House , read by the Speaker , and is as follows : `` Dover Street , 23 February , 1813 . `` Sir ; The corporation of the city of Dublin , in common council assembled , having prepared Petitions to be presented to Parliament on the subject of the Claims about to be preferred on behalf of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , I beg leave to state , that I have been deputed , as lord mayor of the city of Dublin , to deliver their Petitions at the bar of both Houses of Parliament ; and I have now the honour to solicit , through you , Sir , that the honourable the House of Commons may be pleased to indulge the corporation of the city of Dublin by permitting me , as chief magistrate of that city , to deliver at their bar the Petition addressed to their honourable House , an indulgence which it is humbly hoped that the House of Commons will be pleased to concede to the citizens of Dublin , in analogy to the usage so long established of receiving Petitions at their bar from the corporation of the city of London , and which , if granted by that honourable House , will not only demand the gratitude of the petitioners , the second corporation of the empire , and yielding to none in loyalty and attachment for the laws , government , and constitution of these kingdoms , but will also be received as a grateful and flattering condescension by the inhabitants at large 699 of the metropolis of Ireland ; that city which had been for so many years the seat and residence of the Irish parliament . I have the honour to remain ,