councils of his sovereign , and how useful it must be to the country that the head of the law should be dignified by such a station in the government . He was not speaking these sentiments with consideration to the conduct of the noble and learned lord on the woolsack ; but when he looked to future times , he was apprehensive that the consequence of this division of the office would be , that the lord high chancellor would become a mere political character in the state , and that the vice-chancellor would be the real and only legal decider of the law . There might be other means of remedy more effectual , and not likely to be attended with mischiefs greater than those it was intended to cure . He instanced the relief the lord chancellor might experience in altering the administration of the law respecting bankruptcies . The noble and learned lord who spoke last was entitled to much praise for the attention he had paid to the alteration of a part of the law 186 similar to that of bankruptcy ; and he trusted he would pursue his intention of supplying the remedies which had been so often applied to the shame of the legislature—he meant temporary acts of insolvency . That measure of the noble and learned lord would require the appointment of a distinct court , and he did not perceive why a similar and distinct provision might not be made in the case of bankrupts . had no desire to have this measure passed through parliament before the holidays ; but under the consideration of its necessity , he trusted their lordships would agree to its passing that House , in order that it might go to the Commons as speedily as possible . With respect to the objection mentioned by the noble lord , as to the division of the office of chancellor , it must be recollected , that still the lord high chancellor would be constantly occupied in the decision of most intricate and important points of law before that House . It was impossible , therefore , that the office could be filled by an incompetent person , any more than in its present constitution . The lord chancellor would then equally , as now , be under the observation of the public ; and , considering the importance of his legal knowledge in the advice of the crown , it was highly improbable that any minister would venture to appoint any other than a person whose talents and learning fitted him for the situation . The noble lord had suggested the propriety of separating the administration of the bankrupt law from the office of chancellor ; but cases of vital consequence to the commerce of the country , more so than all the cases put together in the courts below , came before him for decision ; and it would be perhaps dangerous to this department of the law , if the adjudication of these cases were committed to any other jurisdiction.—With regard to the salary of the new judge , there were other sources from whence it might be paid , without burthening the people . It would be considered , that the property of suitors , by various accidents , fell into the hands of Chancery , and had created a fund of considerable magnitude . The amount of this property now vested in the bank of England , exceeded 400,000l . and it would not require half of that sum to create a permanent salary for the vice-chancellor , and there could be no objection to the application of that fund for the purpose . presented a Petition from the archdeacon and clergy of the archdeaconry and county of Leicester , setting forth , `` That the archdeacon and clergy aforesaid , take the liberty of stating to the House , that although they have hitherto been passive observers of the growing claims of our Roman Catholic brethren , the period is now arrived when silence might seem to sanction those general claims of freedom from all disabilities , which they beg leave