right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Peel ) had indulged in remarks unjustifiably severe upon the conduct of a right reverend prelate who had distinguished himself in favour of the Catholic cause : a man , the simplicity of whose manners , the integrity of whose heart , and the sagacity of whose understanding , were almost proverbial : a man , venerable from his age , estimable for his virtues , admirable for his learning , and who had ever distinguished himself as a friend to civil and religious liberty . Surely , because , this distinguished , learned , and revered personage had not refused to accept an invitation to dine with individuals to whose opinions he was favourable , he was not to be stigmatized as one who countenanced the drunken orgies of a riotous mob ; nor because he coincided in sentiment , was it to be said that he had decended from the elevated dignity that a prelate of the church of England ought to maintain . The last speaker had asked 950 what object could be attained ? The Committee of the whole House was only a preliminary step , and it would be no inconsiderable point gained , if the question which , according to his account , bad occupied the attention of parliament , session after session , were at last decided . A select committee would of course afterwards be named to examine into the details of the securities that ought to be required . The opinions he entertained upon this question were not taken up lightly or precipitately , but were the deliberate conviction of his judgment , after weighing all the arguments , uninfluenced by the petitions , with which the table had been on both sides crowded . The Petitions of the Protestants were of course entitled to weight ; but if it were true that undue means had been employed to procure them—if publications of an inflammatory nature had been industriously circulated , that weight would certainly be considerably diminished . He would not have attempted to revive religious animosities , over which the veil of oblivion had been gradually drawn by the hand of time . Of all persons the present ministers were those who had most vehemently opposed popular opinion : they had declared , and wisely , that popular clamour should not influence their actions , and he hoped that the present would be an instance of the sincerity of such professions . observed , in explanation , that he by no means intended any disrespect to the right reverend prelate ( bishop of Norwich ) , he merely expressed his regret at the union of his name with that of a person whose society could reflect no honour upon him . rose and said : I am anxious , Sir , once more to express to the House my sentiments upon this momentous question : but I shall do so the more briefly , because the side of the question which I espouse has been already soably supported by gentlemen whose arguments up to the present moment remain untouched . Glad I am , Sir , that the hon . gent , over the way ( Mr. Marsh ) , provoked by unfounded insinuations and by daring assertions , felt himself called upon in the warmth of his resentment , to vindicate that distinguished and immaculate prelate , the bishop of Norwich , who had previously received a meed of praise ( well bestowed on this , but little approved by the other side of the House ) , in a 951 speech delivered by a right hon . member , of whose , approbation the most exulted might , indeed , be proud . This applause , doubtless , the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Peel ) felt to be but little merited , and in the eulogium which he passed upon the talents of my right hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Plunket ) , he thought proper to compliment the one at the expence of the sincerity of the other . The right hon . gent . confessed