moment had never been adduced as a threatened cause of hostility . This was evident from Mr. Russell 's first note , and from the last and most authorised communication from Mr. Monroe to Sir J . B. Warren . Mr. Monroe declared that the right of impressment must be given up by the British government , and that any regulations to be substituted for it might be the subject of future regulations . Even were the two countries on an amicable footing , it would be strange for the one to ask the other to put it in possession of a disputed point , while the justice of that point was yet controverting . But here the two countries were hostilely engaged , and America declared that she would not suspend the war unless Great Britain marked her sense of her own injustice , by abandoning that which had been the subject of dispute ! Never was there a more unreasonable attempt on the part of one power to dictate to another , and that too under circumstances of the most offensive nature . Adverting to the recent negociation with Mr. Russell , he observed , that his Majesty 's government did not conceive it to be any sacrifice of the dignity of the country , not to allow any question of form to stand in the way of that negociation . Mr. Russell possessed no instrument which , in the ordinary course of diplomatic practice , entitled him to claim a hearing from the British government ; but as he and his colleagues in office , had no doubt that the letter in the possession of Mr. Russell , from the American Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , although not professedly written by command of the President of the United States , was transmitted to Mr. Russell with his privity and consent , they were not disposed to object to treating with Mr. Russell on the score of informality . In the second communication received from that gentleman , he distinctly stated that he was authorised to come to an understanding with the British government on the points in dispute between the two countries . It was not too much to expect that he was furnished with the means of enabling the party to whom the communication was made to judge in what sense the term `` understanding '' was to be taken . The noble lord said , that in his conversations with Mr. Russell , however , he found that such information was not to be obtained . When that gentleman seemed to depart 606 from the ground of calling on the British government to suspend the right of impressment during the discussions on the subject , he ( lord C. ) was anxious to know the nature and extent of his instructions and authority , and this Mr. Russell avowed with the utmost fairness and candour . He stated that he was not directed by his government to insist on the suspension of the practice of impressment during the discussions , but that his government required to have a clear understanding with the British government , both on the subject of the impressment and on that of the Orders in Council , before they would consent to an armistice . When he asked Mr. Russell if he was clearly instructed as to the nature of the expected understanding , that gentleman confessed that he was only instructed to require a distinct understanding . Now what was the nature of this understanding ? —nothing more nor less than that the British government should secretly admit that which was refused to be conceded openly , viz . that Great Britain should ultimately be tied hand and foot to the abandonment of the right of impressment . When he asked Mr. Russell what were his positions with respect to British subjects becoming American citizens , and whether he held that the allegiance of British subjects could be dissolved by the American government ? the reply was , that there was not a word in his instructions on that point . On being questioned on other topics of