did not hesitate to accept of them , and in other purposes equally foreign from their original and proper designation , he then thought that it might also be found fit to apply them on the present occasion also . With respect to the conduct of the noble marquis who was the subject of the present motion , the noble lord had told them that retreat was no proof of demerit ; unquestionably not ; and there were many instances on record of late years , in which retreats had been conducted in such a manner , and under such circumstances , as placed them far beyond the most brilliant victories ; but this was the first time he ever heard that there was merit or glory in a most disastrous retreat . He was not perfectly sure that the military hospitals had not been abandoned , but from all that could be known from returns , private letters , & c. there was reason to believe that the losses incurred in the retreat from Burgos were not much less than in 208 that of general Moore . Though a retreat might be no proof of demerit on the part of a general , he could not think it furnished grounds on which to call for parliamentary remuneration . To him , as a man of a plain way of thinking , it appeared , that the results of the campaign had been disaster and defeat . The victory of Salamanca appeared to be a victory forced upon lord Wellington . After that victory he could wish it to be explained whether it was good conduct to proceed against Burgos , whether in the conduct of that siege there was a want of ability in the commander , whether the project was a bad one , or whether the ministers of this country had given him positive orders to advance against it without furnishing him with the means of taking it . In one of lord Wellington 's dispatches there was a singular paragraph ; `` Your lordship is aware I had little hopes of success at Burgos ; yet after the battle of Salamanca it was necessary to proceed against Burgos , to ensure the success of the campaign . '' Thus , then , the consequence of that victory was disaster . He did not wish to undervalue the services of Lord Wellington , but the victories he had gained in Spain had none of the characteristics which distinguished those of the duke of Marlborough . The advantages that general gained he retained ; yet it was not till after the decisive battle of Blenheim that parliament rewarded his services . Now in the peninsula it had been observed , and by military men too , that marquis Wellington had brought his army into difficulties , but his men had fought him out of them again , and that in the capture of the fortresses which he had won , a waste of life was to be complained of . This he understood to have been the case at Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz , which places had been stormed without a breach being previously made . A similar complaint he had heard respecting Burgos . He did not wish to divide the House on the grant , but he wished to move that the consideration of the grant should be deferred till some enquiry had been made into this extraordinary campaign . He did not see that flattering success which the noble lord thought he saw in the siege of Cadiz having been raised by the enemy . The cause of Spain to him appeared infinitely more hopeless than it was at the commencement of the campaign . If lord Wellington had never marched to Madrid , and if he had not 209 gained the battle of Salamanca , there would have been infinitely more hope than there was after those events had taken place , seeing the Spaniards had not joined us with that spirit with which ministers deluded themselves , and would fain delude the House to believe in existence . The reverse of this appeared