keep no faith with Protestants , they were almost ashamed to say any thing on the subject . Sir , a book has been alluded to , used by the students at Maynooth ; and it has been adduced as decisive evidence , not only of the criminal principles of the Catholics , but as a proof of the criminal principles , which the posterity of the existing Catholics were doomed to imbibe , by its being rendered available to the purpose of their education . These criminal principles are the authority of the Pope to depose royal authority ; the consequent regicidal disposition of the Catholics , and the tenet that no faith is to be kept with heretics . The work I allude to , Sir , is called Tractatus de Ecclesia ; and , with the permission of the House , I will read several passages to shew how baseless their assertions are . [ The right hon . gentleman here read some extracts from the book in question . They stated that Christ had not granted to St. Peter direct nor indirect power over the temporal concerns of kingdoms ; that , by the kings and emperors of states alone , the supreme temporal establishment of them ought to beheld . That the declarations of pontiffs were not to be considered as infallible , nor as points of faith which it was necessary to salvation to believe . ] 757 Here , then , Sir , is a book which has been traduced as a concentration of evils ; and it appears that it enjoins principles , directly the reverse of those which have been ascribed to it . When such are the misrepresentations which are circulated , the result is not surprising . But there is another work of higher authority to which I wish to refer . I mean the Common Prayer Book of the Catholics . [ The right hon . gentleman here quoted several passages from the Catholic Prayer Book ; the tenor of which was , to declare that no general council , much less a papal consistory , had the power of deposing sovereigns , or absolving subjects from their allegiance ; —that the Pope had no authority , direct or indirect , over temporal affairs ; —that , notwithstanding any papal interference , all Catholic subjects were bound to defend their king and country , at the hazard of their lives and fortunes , even against the Pope himself , should he invade their country ; —and , that the alledged duty of Catholic subjects , to murder their princes , if excommunicated for heresy , was impious and execrable , being contrary to all the known laws of God and nature . ] I have another instance with which I shall beg leave to trouble the House , and which will go to complete the chain of proofs which shew the Catholics are not without principles of allegiance , and which will acquit them of every charge and imputation on their loyalty . I mean the oaths which are prescribed to be taken by Catholics by the 31st and 33d of the King . The oath of the 31st , which must be taken by Roman Catholics in England , runs as follows : `` I , A . B. do hereby declare , that I do profess the Roman Catholic religion . `` I , A . B. do swear , that I do abjure , contemn , and detest , as unchristian and impious , the principle that it is lawful to murder , destroy , or any ways injure any persons whatsoever , for or under pretence of being a heretic : and I do declare solemnly before God , that I believe , that no act , in itself unjust , immoral , or wicked , can ever be justified or excused by or under pretence or colour , that it was done either for the good of the church , or in obedience to any ecclesiastical power whatsoever : I also declare , that it is not an article of the Catholic faith