of time . For himself , although he differed from those Who considered the American government as being wholly to blame in producing the war that now unhappily existed between the two countries , he could not but rejoice in that part of the hon . member 's speech 628 which exculpated the person at the head of the American executive , from having hurried that nation into a war . He had been much and liberally reviled by the noble lord and others for his attachment to the politics of France , but it now appeared that war had been produced by causes beyond his controul . He wished , however , that one part of the hon . member 's speech had been omitted , it was that part which merely contained his opinions of persons and motives , and a history of the state of parties among the people of America . As it was not likely to lead to conciliation , it would , in his opinion , have been much better , had it been altogether omitted . Such speculations upon parties in any country were subject to much error , for it was not possible always to catch the principles that guided the desultory proceeding of such assemblies as those of America , and which , as they would go forth to the world , could not have a very conciliating effect . He remembered that some of those friends with whom he acted , and some who were now dead , but in whose steps he had trod from the commencement of his political life , and he hoped he should tread in them to the end of it , had been much reviled in and out of that House , for speeches which they uttered , and which , it was said , were more likely to produce a war with America than any of those questions that were in discussion . Yet surely the course which had been arraigned in them was now followed by the hon . member on the other side . He did not , indeed , attribute much to the inferences drawn by the hon . gentleman as to what passed in the American senate , for all such inferences , attempted to be deduced from the motives that actuated a public assembly , were peculiarly fallacious . For his own part , he should abstain from any remarks on the personal character or views of men who had been elected to a representative assembly in another state . He did not wonder at the hon . gentleman 's inability to follow the American government through all the changes and diversities of their policy , and to anticipate the issue of their various legislative proceedings . Such changes were not peculiar to America . To recur , for example , to our own proceedings , who could have anticipated the events that marked the close of the last session of the last parliament ? In the course of that session ( 21st of April ) it was loudly proclaimed that the Orders in Council would never be repealed but upon 629 certain conditions , then distinctly mentioned ; yet the noble lord , who first talked of suspension , at last consented to a revocation , upon the pretext of a contemptible paper fabricated by France to answer her own political purposes , and as flimsy as that paper which was made the ground of the policy of the government . The hon . gentleman had expressed his surprise that America , particularly after submitting to all the injuries and indignities of that system which commenced in 1807 , should with a commerce so increasing , and a navy so contemptible , tempt the strength and resentment of Great Britain . Yet the noble lord took no blame to himself for that insult which the British flag had sustained . He felt no compunction in the contemplation of that rebuff which our seamen had , received , for the first time , from the American navy—that contemptible navy of four frigates , which had captured two of