to admit of no addition . said , that those gentlemen who opposed the grant found it hard to reconcile their conduct to themselves . They could only do it by inventing some other object of humanity which appeared to claim the preference , or by denying that the measure before the House would operate effectually to the relief of the sufferers . He thought , that including the cheapness of provisions and the mode of living in Russia , the sum , moderate as it was , would be of considerable immediate service ; but he conceived the principal benefit to be expected from it , was , that in other cases of a similar kind , it would be setting an example , and opening a channel , into which the charitable and liberal feelings of others would naturally flow . An hon . gentleman had spoken lightly of the grant , as not likely to cement the two countries together . But he conceived that nothing had a greater influence in strengthening political alliances than the manifestation of a friendly and generous disposition between the people . He did not see why nations as well as individuals might not be both generous and just . He had attempted to make some calculation of the share of the ex-pence which would fall upon the poor of this country , but he had found it impossible , and had given up the task in despair . He thought that we could only testify our gratitude to Providence for our exemption from the heavier calamities of war , by shewing our sense of the sufferings to which the inhabitants of other countries , united with us in the same cause , were unfortunately exposed . gave his support to the motion , as the sum to be voted was not greater than every ten days expence of the war in the peninsula . rose to present a Petition from the friends and relatives of certain persons now confined in Ilchester gaol . The parties were resident at Bath , and the individuals in confinement had been committed in consequence of assembling riotously before the town hall , during the last election in that city , and demanding in a tumultuous manner that the doors of the hall should be opened . This was refused , and some windows were broken . The next day these persons were seized , and had been treated with a severity which nothing could justify . The particulars of that severity were set forth in the Petition which he held in his hand . The offence was certainly bailable , and bail to any amount had been offered , but was refused . They were then sent to Ilchester gaol , and being all of them people who maintained their families by their own labour , the greatest distress had ensued to them . One was a journeyman printer , another a journeyman carpenter , and another was a poor woman who earned her subsistence by carrying goods home from the markets . They were , of course , unable to obtain justice by any legal process . The petitioners set forth that they were confined in solitary cells and heavily ironed . All access to them by their friends or relations who might be disposed to alleviate the hardships of their lot , was denied . During this severe weather they had nothing to sleep on but a little straw in a stone dungeon , and covered with a scanty rug ; and though some humane persons in the town had provided them with great coats , yet they were stripped of these every night before they were locked up in their cells . The ordinary hour of locking them up was about four o'clock . Their food was nothing but bread and water ; and to convince the House that he was not dwelling upon feigned or imaginary distresses , he would shew them one of the loaves which had 341 been sent up to him from Ilchester , and which was the whole allowance for one man for a day . [