House , as a preliminary step , necessarily enjoined by the standing orders , the chairman should be instructed to move the House for the appointment of a Select Committee , with the usual powers , which alone appears to me to be adequate to such an investigation as may form a substantial basis of ulterior legislation . On what data , let me ask , are we now to proceed to legislation ? —Has a single paper been laid upon the table that conveys any information on the subject ? —We have heard most eloquent and argumentative speeches from my right hon . friend , the mover of the Resolution , and from other gentlemen , who have repeatedly supported the same principle : We have heard also their speeches op- * The Speaker referred to sir J. H. on the subject of the oaths prescribed to be taken by the R. C. Toleration Acts . 1216 posed by others of great force . A right hon . and learned gent . ( the member for Armagh ) who in the course of this discussion , on former occasions , has produced documents which , unexplained , would , primâ facie , arrest our progress at the very threshold , will probably resume the same course in this committed . It is necessary to repel such documents in a manner not merely to satisfy the committee , but that the impression should also go forth to the country , that the disqualifying accusations , which have been so industriously prosecuted against our fellow subjects of the Catholic communion , in every part of the kingdom , and which every member of this House receives gratuitously , from hour to hour , should also be satisfactorily repelled , before we can proceed to any act of legislation compatible with my view of the motion now proposed to the House . If I am asked what should be the course of proceeding in such a committee , as I could wish to see adopted , I would say it should be this : the committee should be instructed to inquire into the existing laws , bearing upon his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects of the United Kingdom : is it , let me ask , within the ordinary scope of the enquiries of gentlemen sitting in this House to wade through the almost bottomless gulph of our statute books , to enable them to discuss this question satisfactorily to themselves and advantageously to the public ? He who attempts the labour would find difficulties , much surpassing his patience . It is true that a compilation has been drawn up entitled `` A Statement of the Penal Laws affecting his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Ireland , '' and a similar compilation has been also given to the public by another professional gentleman , staling those laws which more immediately affect the Catholics of England : but will the parliament of Great Britain place an implicit confidence in either ? Confidence , I mean , to the extent of absolutely governing its legislative enactments upon the basis of those statements . With respect to the `` Statement of the Penal Laws affecting the Catholics of Ireland , '' we have read that it has been sanctioned by a great aggregate assembly ; the book , in two parts , has gone forth into the world , passed through many editions , and is probably in the hands of many of the members of this House . I must say that I lament that the text of the law should have been so much overwhelmed 1217 with the commentary ; in my judgment it would have been sufficient , merely to have pointed out the laws pressing upon the Roman Catholics , especially avoiding alt the acrimony of commentary which spreads through and overwhelms the Statement . If I am to regulate my opinion of the accuracy of the text by the correctness of the commentary , I must withhold my confidence . I recollect , in one part of that work , the compiler recites a conference with a noble