one continued jar , one scene of disquietude , suspicion and treachery . But 1048 be the case as it may , there is , I say , nothing in this point to justify my hon . friend in withdrawing this night the support which he gave to my motion of last year ; nothing , therefore , upon which it is necessary that I should enlarge , as peculiarly applying to his peculiar class of objections . Of the two classes of objectors who , not being parties to the vote of last session , or who , having opposed that vole , are at perfect liberty to use their discretion on the present occasion ; the one , as I have said , objects to the measure now before us on temporary , the other on permanent and unalterable grounds . At the head of the first division stands my right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke , ) who followed the right hon . and learned gentleman opposite ( Mr. Plunket ) on the first night of this debate . My right hon . friend hopes and believes , that the causes which prevent his present concurrence , in the proposed measure , are not likely to be lasting ; and he has had the candour to specify a few of the conditions which he requires , as necessarily preliminary to his vote in favour of it . The first of these is the death of Buonaparté . On this condition enough has already been said by gentlemen , who have preceded me in the debate ; a more helpless system of policy , perhaps , could not easily be devised , than one which should be contented to rest the tranquillity of this empire on the ground of no other hope than a post obit on Buonaparté 's existence . The next condition stipulated for by my right honourable friend is the previous cessation of all irritation on either side ; the extinction of all angry feelings ; the discontinuance of all meetings , turbulent or peaceable , the silence of all complaints , petitions , and lamentations . Then , indeed , when the sense of suffering should appear to be deadened , when the expectations of relief should have been happily extinguished , when hope itself had `` sickened and so died ; '' then , in this new millenium of contented apathy , this still sabbath of subdued desire , my right hon . friend would come cheerfully forward to allay disorders no longer prevalent , and to grant concessions no longer required . When the parties now agitated with mutual jealousy shall , of their own accord , have dropped all dispute and forgotten all resentment ; when the Orange-man and the Catholic shall have abjured their animosities , and lain down together like the . 1049 leopard and the kid ; then , in my right hon . friend 's opinion , the period will have arrived for a legislative interference , for which he thinks the crisis does not call so long as there is any difficulty to solve , or any danger to guard against . The only remaining condition which must , according to my right hon . friend , precede any grant of relief to the Catholic is , that he shall cease to be a Catholic . Let him renounce the tenets of his religion , not his hostility to the state ( for that is renounced , disclaimed , abjured already , in all the forms and solemnities , which the most jealous suspicion can devise , ) and then to this more than reformed religionist , to this Protesting Dissenter from Catholicism , my tight hon . friend will hold out the indulgences which they no longer need . Sir , the good will of my right hon . friend would undoubtedly be of great value to any body of men ; but I confess , that , to me , these conditions appear to place it at a price almost beyond the reach of human nature . Continue Catholics , and you are