made of Bank of England notes . The only effect of the first part would be to increase hoarding , or perjury and crime , and that of the second to reduce the lessors of lands to the same state with the public annuitants . One observation made by his hon . friend , he could not concur in . If the Bank of England were unconnected with government they would be able to answer all demands on them . He certainly was astonished at the little knowledge of the subject shown by the gentlemen of the Bank , who had been examined before the Bullion Committee , but he was assured that if they had not been swayed by government , but had been left to follow their own bias , they would have acted in a manner consistent with the welfare of the country . He concluded by saying , that he should be unwilling , that the Bill should be pressed through the House at any time , but especially at the present . said , he had no intention of preserving any disrespectful silence on a question of such great magnitude ; but he had been desirous of hearing to what particular view of it the observations of members might be directed before he answered any general or partial objections . He was apprehensive , otherwise , of being drawn into a prolixity which might not only be tedious , but unnecessary , after the long and reiterated discussions which this subject had undergone . He now saw , that the favourite view taken was , the practical one , and to this , therefore , he should chiefly confine himself . The question of depreciation had been entertained , he wished the House to remember , at a period considerably earlier than the appointment of the Bullion Committee . In 1807 it had been argued in the other House of Parliament by lord King , and the same arguments then urged by him , were afterwards brought forward more amply by the Bullion Committee . In the year 1811 the same noble person had thought proper to adopt a proceeding which made it appear to parliament necessary to pass that act which it was the object of the present Bill to renew . It was not his desire to attribute to that noble individual any unworthy motive for this conduct ; on the contrary , his persuasion was , that the noble lord was only desirous of confuting him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) and of furnishing a practical example of the correctness of his own 229 theory . They had also the evidence of a Mr. Monck on the same side of the question , who said he would not accept of Bank of England paper at the same rate of value as gold . The reason of which was obvious : Mr. Monck was a coiner of local tokens , and for his purposes , gold or silver was much more useful than paper . With : regard to the practical question , he put it to any one of the Bullion Committee to say if it would be wise to cause the Bank to resume its payments in specie at this period ; and if not , would it be expedient to pass a law , as they had formerly proposed , to fix the resumption of cash payments at any specific time , the circumstances of which they could not foresee ? He had at that time pointed out to the satisfaction of the majority of the House , that similar rises in the price of the precious metals had taken place when there was no paper currency at all , and when there was a paper currency convertible into its nominal value in money . This proved that the rise did not depend on the depreciation of the paper currency . It was true , as asserted on the other side , that gold had advanced in price within the last year , and the argument they would draw from this was , that the circulation of paper