commencement of the campaign , when it was easy to perceive that a perfect understanding existed between the countries . It was evident that Russia reposed confidence in Sweden from the withdrawal of the mass of her troops from their cantonments in Finland . But those who were not satisfied with this demonstration of friendship , must have every apprehension relieved by the event of the personal interview at Abo , after which 18,000 men from the port of Swinburgh were dispatched to Riga , where they arrived in time to join general Wittgenstein at the critioal period which enabled him to turn 85 the scale of the war in that quarter , and defeat the object of the enemy 's right wing . He might also be permitted to say , that if there had not been any actual military exertion on the part of Sweden , yet that much benefit had been reaped from the posture which she assumed . He called upon parliament to take sober views of these questions . However much we might wish other powers to enter into resistance against the enemy with as great energy as ourselves , when we considered , that not possessing the advantages of our insular situation , they were not so safe and remote from danger as we were , we ought to look with forbearance to their measures , and not run them down , or impute want of virtuous feeling to them , because they might not embark in hostilities with the avidity we desired . The position assumed by Sweden had the effect of detaining two corps of the French army from active operations , and which were left in the confines of Denmark . These corps amounted to 60,000 men . The most advanced , that of Victor , the enemy had not Ventured to use till after the battle of Borodino ; and in fact it had not advanced till September , when it proceeded by detachments to join the main army . The other corps , that of Augereau , was still more retired in Germany , and completely withdrawn from hostile operations . Having observed this much , he was satisfied he had said enough , without disclosing the councils of the state , to shew that Russia had a well-founded confidence in the amity of Sweden , and that the demonstration made by the latter power , had paralysed 60,000 of the enemy 's force . On these grounds ministers would be prepared to meet any future discussion that might be thought necessary . With respect to the third subject on which the right hon . gentleman had animadverted , America ; on this branch , he had an additional task of explanation imposed upon him , from the right hon . gentleman 's assuming too much in point of fact , which he was compelled to deny . He agreed with him that in negociation too much forbearance had been shewn towards America : and had this not been so , he could not believe ministers would stand so well with the House and the country as they would do if they had not shewn ( whatever America did ) , that they were most unwilling to depart from old principles and feelings . But he denied that the war , after it had been commenced , was carried on 86 with greater forbearance than was indispensably adopted from a consideration of the other contests in which the nation was unhappily engaged . They would justly have drawn down the vengeance of many , and of no one more than of the right hon . gentleman , had they withdrawn a force from the peninsula for the purpose of originating belligerent measures against America . He maintained and would at any time be prepared to shew that they had done all they could . The right hon . gentleman expressed himself at a loss to conceive how ministers could expect any thing pacific from America , after the promulgation of her Declaration to which he referred . He was ready to consider that document in the same point of