in favour of the Bill , and against the Amendment . He insisted on the necessity of providing justice for the subjects of the realm , now exposed to many inconveniencies , by the delay in the courts of law ; and replied to the various arguments which had been addressed against the Bill . He ridiculed the idea of taking a judge from each , or from either of the other courts , for the purpose of constituting or relieving a court of equity . The judges in the courts of common law had already more business to perform than , with their utmost diligence , they could get through , and it was absurd to look for relief to those quarters . What then were they to do ? A great evil existed—an evil which amounted almost , in many cases , altogether to a denial of justice to suitors and to the public . Were they to acquiesce in this state of the law , or ought not the House rather to declare that it wanted an instant remedy , which they would hasten to apply by passing a Bill of the description now before them . He did not mean to say but 496 that several amendments upon the measure might be suggested in the Committée ; but he contended , that in principle the Bill was most deserving of their unanimous support , which was the whole extent of the vote they were now called on to give . They wanted a prompt decision and an effectual remedy for a very crying evil , and in his opinion , the measure proposed would be found the best practical remedy that could be devised . It had therefore his most cordial support . maintained , that the evil created by the Bill would be far greater than the evil it was intended to remedy . The measure would go to alter the judicial system of the country in its very basis ; which attempt had never been made before , and was not in the power of the crown itself . He trusted the House would resist that attempt , and reject the Bill altogether , by voting for the amendment . rose and said , that the Petition which he held in his hand was from a description of persons who , whatever might be the ultimate decision of parliament upon the great and important question which was shortly to be submitted to their consideration , had as strong a claim to have their case considered with the most favourable attention , as any class of individuals whose interests were connected with the subject to which he alluded : he meant the officers employed in the naval service of the East India Company . Many of these gentlemen had received their education in the royal navy ; and from the great extent to which the navy of this country was carried in time of war , had found themselves , on the return of peace , deprived of the profession to which they had dedicated some of the best years of their lives ; in some cases , from not being appointed to any commission in his Majesty 's navy , and in others , where they had received their first commission of lieutenant , from being disappointed of any further advancement or employment in the navy . In this situation , many officers had entered into the naval service of the 498 East India Company , and had contributed to maintain the high character by which it had been so long distinguished . On the other hand , there were instances of officers who had been originally in the service of the Company , having afterwards entered into the royal navy , in which they had risen to the highest rank and honours . Upon the whole , considering the character of the Company 's naval officers , for nautical knowledge , skill , ability , and courage , of which many instances had occurred in the course of the present war , lord Hardwicke trusted that , whenever the subject of the East