the financial tribunal . He hoped that no other proceedings would be instituted on the subject before Monday se'nnight . Indeed , was he not aware that , from a sense of public necessity , the right hon . gentleman could not further delay to submit his plan to the House , he would himself have proposed a more remote day , and , in the mean time , have moved for a select committee , to take the state of the finances of the country into consideration , and report their opinion to the House ; for it appeared to him difficult that the House should pronounce on such a complicated subject without some such previous enquiry . If this plan were carried into effect , it struck him that there would be nothing to meet the expences of a peace but the annual taxes , namely , those on land and malt , and the Consolidated Fund . What proportion these resources would bear to the expence and exigencies of such a peace as , he was afraid , they were likely to make , was worthy of the consideration of the legislature , before they acceded to a scheme , 1098 which would impair the Sinking Fund . It was pleasant to say , that , for four years , there would be no necessity for additional taxes ; that 7 millions would be saved from the Sinking Fund , and that taxes to that amount would , at the expiration of that time , be to the good . But he did not know this . In fact , the measure might so disgust persons ( who were now ready to come forward with pecuniary assistance to the state ) with parliamentary proceedings on this subject , that when they wanted their aid , at a future period , they would not be able to procure it . He would now sit down , assuring the right hon . gentleman , that in the retirement of his closet he would endeavour to divest himself of any feeling of hostility towards the plan which had been submitted ; and would study it , till his better judgment should either convince him of the propriety of giving it his most cordial support , or of opposing it , as prejudicial to the credit of the country . said , the plan proposed was , essentially , nothing more than calling on the Sinking Fund to bear the expences of the year . The best effects , moral and political , had been produced by the establishment of that fund , which , he was afraid , the right hon . gentleman 's system would diminish , by altering and impairing it . The right hon . gentleman seemed to think that we might now have recourse to that fund , which would be the means of rendering additional taxation unnecessary for some years ; and that , at a future period , those taxes might be resorted to for the public service . He was afraid , that those who entertained such an opinion would be deceived . For , after the public had been exempted for some years from additional burdens , he doubted whether any minister would be found hardy enough , under such circumstances , to propose an enlarged system of taxation . He would abstain from farther observation at that time , and conclude with saying , that he never had heard a plan proposed which had given him so much pain . said , that the leading objection of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Tierney ) was , that the plan now proposed would overturn the system of 1802 , an objection coming rather oddly from that right hon . gentleman , who had constantly expressed his disapprobation of that , system , and contended that it was inconvenient and impracticable. , He now , however , argued that the 1099 stockholder had a right to look to the continuance of that system , and to complain if it should be altered . He the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) thought