any act of aggression . Instructions were also sent , that if war was declared by the American States , our commanders should immediately consider the war as commenced and act accordingly , and that they should blockade de facto the Chesapeake and the Delaware . The difference between a blockade de facto and a blockade by notification was , that in the former case vessels could only be captured by the actual force employed , but in a blockade by notification all vessels going to or coming from the port blockaded , were liable , after warning , to capture . It was incumbent on the government , in this case , to resort to no other than a legitimate blockade , and that he did not consider a legitimate blockade , where the belligerent carried on trade with the port blockaded . That a blockade by notification was not therefore earlier resorted to arose from these circumstances ; that there was a contract for the supply of flour to the peninsula from the American ports , great part of which flour remained in these ports ; that our West India islands also looked to the American ports for supplies which they wanted ; and that subsequently , in August , manufactured goods from this country , to the amount of 5,000,000l . were exported to America . To have resorted , therefore , to a blockade by notification , would have interrupted 577 the supply of flour to the peninsula ; the supply of our own West India islands , before they could make other arrangements , and the passage of our own manufactures . After the repeal of the Orders in Council , about which he should not now give any opinion , instructions were sent to Mr. Foster , founded upon that event ; and upon intelligence reaching this country of the declaration of war by the United States , it was thought better to send instructions to sir John Borlase Warren , to propose an armistice , in order that fresh causes of war might not arise out of the prosecution of the war , and in the expectation that a pacific result would be thus more advantageously brought about . The propositions made on the part of the American government , would be seen in the correspondence ; and it would be observed , that there was in truth no difference between the propositions made by Mr. Russell here , and by Mr. Secretary Monroe in America . In each case we were called upon to suspend the exercise of the right of impressment , in order that some regulations might be suggested that should be an effectual substitute for it ; but if they could not , then what was to follow ? War was to follow ; and then we were called upon to give up our ancient and undoubted right of impressment—a right hitherto exercised without dispute , and of the most essential importance to our maritime superiority , or we were told we could not be at peace with America . This was the substance of both propositions . There was no assignable reason why the war should have been commenced by the government of the United States at the precise moment they chose ( the grounds alleged for it being the same that had been urged for three months before , ) except as a matter of convenience , and for the purpose of obtaining an expected immediate advantage . This advantage which they hoped for , was in intercepting our homeward bound fleet from the West Indies , and for this purpose commodore Rodgers sailed immediately upon the declaration of war . By the judicious management of bur force in that quarter , our fleet was protected , and commodore Rodgers returned disappointed to port . It was this disappointment which probably rendered the tone of the propositions made by Mr. Secretary Monroe more conciliatory than that adopted here by Mr. Russell ; but still the propositions were in substance the same . We were 578 called upon , therefore , to surrender our right of impressment ;