had generally , besides his morn '' ing sitting , sat two evenings every week for hearing causes , and instead of closing his sittings at 2 o'clock in the afternoon , had frequently closed them at two o'clock in the morning , and therefore it was not extraordinary that in his time there was so small an arrear of business . If he were called upon to suggest a remedy to the evil complained of , he should say , that what appeared to him the most unobjectionable would be to separate the bankrupt business from that of the Chancery . It was said that as many of those bankrupt cases involved points of great difficulty and importance , and the decision was to be final and without appeal , it was absolutely necessary that the Lord Chancellor should determine them himself . He could not allow the justice of this conclusion . If they were cases of difficulty and importance , it certainly required that they should be decided by a man of ability , but he saw no necessity why this man must be the Lord Chancellor . Men could be easily found , of the highest professional eminence , who would be perfectly competent to this part of the duty ; and 493 a sufficient compensation could be found out for them , in the emoluments from those bankrupt cases . He could not avoid , however , quoting here , the opinion of their committee , — '' that it was highly objectionable that judges should be paid from fees , especially from fees ostensibly belonging to their secretary or some inferior officer . '' By this it appeared that the fees of bankruptcy , which were paid to an officer for the bankruptcy , were accounted for by that officer to the Lord Chancellor . This , in his opinion , was decidedly wrong—a judge ought never to be paid by fees . He should therefore most earnestly recommend that these fees should be abolished , and the salary of the Lord Chancellor proportionably increased , if it should appear that the other emoluments of his office did not afford him a sufficient remuneration . Next to taking away the bankrupt business , - he thought the separating the office of Speaker of the House of Lords from that of Chancellor , would be a far better mode than that which was proposed in the present Bill . He saw no reason why the Chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster might not be made an efficient situation , and why he might not sit in other courts . He knew that the present possessor of it ( Mr. Bathurst ) was eminent in the profession of the law while he practised it ; and he did not see why the place might not in future be given to professional men , with duties annexed to it . As to the nature of this office , it was to be totally different from that of the Master of the Rolls , or of the judges sitting under a commission . They , when sitting in the place of the Chancellor , heard and determined every cause which came before them , whether important or not ; but never was there such an indignity put before upon any judge , as to tell him that he was never to determine any cases of difficulty or importance . As the Vice-Chancellor was to be for life , while the office of Lord Chancellor was removable at pleasure , it might at some future time happen , that a Chancellor might have an unreasonable prejudice against the Vice-Chancellor . It was well known , that lord Thurlow had such a prejudice against his Master of the Rolls ( lord Alvaniey , than whom there was hardly ever a better equity judge ) , that he would never allow him to sit in his place . Such things might happen again , and instead of that mutual agreement and concord subsisting between these great law-officers which would tend 494 to the dispatch of business , a state of things