offered to him , and whether it was the coin of the realm , and also what was the price . He thought the seller must be a very clumsy fellow to attempt to draw the Chancellor of the Exchequer into a breach of the law of the land—to endeavour to persuade him to an act which would subject him to imprisonment , if not to transportation . Certainly the right hon . gentleman had the Attorney General to protect him— ( A laugh ) . begged leave to state , in reply , that it was not to 174 himself , but to a friend , that the offer was made . The sum was 27,000 guineas , and the price , he believed , was about 25 shillings each . The conversation then dropped , and the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was carried . asked , whether it was true , that the Tellers of the Exchequer had offered to resign a third of their profits during the war , and whether other persons holding sinecures had made the same offer ? replied , that the marquisses of Buckingham and Camden had made that liberal and patriotic offer , but he was not aware that any other persons had done so . presented the following Message from the Prince Regent : `` GEORGE , P. R. `` The Prince Regent , acting in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , having taken into his consideration the eminent and signal services performed by general the marquis of Wellington on so many occasions , and particularly in the glorious battle of Salamanca , is desirous of bestowing such a mark of national munificence on general the marquis of Wellington as may enable him to sustain the high honours which his Royal Highness has 180 thought proper to confer on him and his descendants . The Prince Regent recommends , therefore , to the House of Commons the adoption of such measures as may be necessary for the accomplishment of this most important object . G. P. R. '' said : —In rising , my lords , to propose an Address in answer to his Royal Highness 's most gracious Message , for the purpose of expressing your lordships ' concurrence in forwarding his Royal Highness 's intention , I am sure I should be wasting your lordships ' time , if I were to say one word in recommendation of such a motion . After the able and eloquent speech of my noble friend ( earl Bathurst ) on a former evening , in moving the thanks of this House to that gallant and distinguished general , and after the able speeches of other noble lords , and of the noble marquis opposite ( Lansdowne ) , upon the same occasion , it would be impossible , my lords , for me to add one expression which could evince more of my own admiration , or raise a higher opinion of the noble marquis 's conduct . At the same time , I will venture to occupy a small portion of your lordships ' attention in stating a few circumstances respecting this great general , which I think are entitled to consideration . His Royal Highness has stated , that in wishing to confer upon the noble marquis , by an act of munificence , what will enable him to support his merited dignities , he has taken into consideration the signal services the noble marquis has performed for his country , and these services , so constant and unwearied , can not be too much valued . For four campaigns , my lords , has the marquis of Wellington devoted the powers of his body and mind , to the conduct of the war in the peninsula . In the course of that period , he has been opposed to the most celebrated and experienced of the French generals , to Soult , to Victor , to Jourdan , to Massena , and to Marmont , and not 181 only , my lords , has he been opposed to all these , but