that the address delivered the other night by my right hon . and learned friend , was eloquent , argumentative , and sincere ; but , added he , if he had courted the sorry pre-eminence conferred upon another , he might have acted differently , and he would have been Waited upon with addresses from deputations , accompanied by shouts and acclamations , and have received the same honours that were paid to the bishop of Norwich . Now , if the sentiments were sincere for which my right hon . and learned friend did not receive this applause , it must be inferred that the right hon . gentleman means to assert that the reverend prelate was not sincere , whose conduct was marked by the approbation so severely censured . The right hon . gentleman has been pleased to explain himself to the House , —without such explanation , the inference was undeniable , and must have been universally drawn . The speech of my right hon . and learned friend—a speech , the excellence of which , with painful regret , calls to my recollection the golden days when this House contained within its walls a Burke , a Pitt , a Fox , a Sheridan , and a Windham—has left me little indeed to add to the unanswerable arguments which it contained . I feel it necessary , however , to say a few words for the purpose of shewing that I am consistent in the vote which I mean to give , because , according to an hon . gentleman who spoke from the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) , it is impossible that I should be so . He maintains that , notwithstanding his vote this night will be directly adverse to that which he gave in the last session , his conduct will nevertheless be consistent . To me , Sir , this declaration appeared paradoxical , nor did the hon . gentleman satisfactorily explain it in the extraordinary arguments he employed . If aye and no to the same question from the mouth of the hon . gentleman imply no contradiction , aye and aye from my mouth must flatly contradict each other . If the hon . 952 gentleman be consistent in voting against himself , it follows that I must be inconsistent in voting with myself . But let us see , Sir , what the hon . gentleman 's reasons are for his singular change . He insists that the Catholics , since the decision of last year , have come to certain preposterous and violent resolutions . Last session he supported the resolution , merely as an experiment . He thought that it would have the effect of tranquillizing and conciliating the Catholics . But in this expectation he was disappointed . According to the hon . gentleman , the most desperate proceedings have taken place . There have been meetings , conventions , delegates , and aggregate bodies , which have passed the most outrageous votes . I should like , Sir , to know whether all these delegates , meetings , and aggregate bodies did not in fact exist , and had not come to these very resolutions long before the hon . gentleman gave his former vote . Then , however , the hon . gentleman was all readiness to concede . He only wanted securities , and every thing would be arranged . Now , a few violent men frighten him out of his senses , and he turns about and runs away from the vote which he originally gave . ( Hear , hear ! ) —Much to his credit , the hon . gentleman is at the head of a body of men who call themselves rational , moderate , economical reformists , —persons who wish to do all things , in order and by degrees . The hon . gent . sees , out of the House , men voting , what he terms , absurd , violent , and preposterous resolutions on the subject of public reform and economy , telling him that they are not satisfied with these