all conflict with the crown was prevented by the necessity of the crown proposing or previously consenting to the grant . In common 722 legislative measures this was not necessary ; but it was obvious that there was no description of questions more likely to involve the House in a conflict with the crown , than a question which touched the crown so nearly . The contingency which was mentioned , appeared to him to be so very remote a one , that he thought the hon . baronet , upon his own principles , should rather have proposed a permanent Regency Bill , applicable to all cases , than have confined himself to this particular contingency . It appeared to him , however , that what the hon . baronet wanted , was to destroy the discretionary power of parliament upon the subject ; and that he preferred the question being determined on the hereditary principle , than by the discretion of parliament . In determining upon which principle the question should be decided , there was certainly a balance of inconveniencies . But the reason why it was better that it should rest in the discretion of parliament , was , that parliament felt it its first duty , to take care that the royal power should be restored undiminished into the hands to which it legitimately belonged , as soon as the sovereign was again capable of exercising his royal functions : whereas , upon the hereditary principle , the royal power being fully and immediately transferred to the Regent , there was not the same security for the resumption of it by the sovereign , when the temporary cause which suspended his personal exercise of it was removed . The noble lord conceived , that the contingency was not sufficiently probable to justify parliament , in the exercise of its prudence and discretion , in adopting the proposition of the hon . baronet , for which reason he should certainly give it a decided negative . declared , that he should be sorry to allow the question to go to a vote , without saying a few words upon it . On the former discussions relative to the Regency , a party in that House contended , that the proper mode of proceeding would be to address the heir apparent , to take the executive authority into his own hands . Parliament however decided , that the Regency should be constituted by Bill . Now , what was the proposition of the hon . baronet ? Not that , in the event of the death of the Prince Regent , the Regency should devolve on the Princess Charlotte , but that a Bill should be introduced , to enable parliament to provide for an event , the contingency of which was 723 not very great , although it was not so small as the noble lord , for the benefit of his argument , had represented it to be . What had been the state of the country since 1788 , in consequence of what he conceived to be the dilatory and improper conduct of the legislature , in not providing against contingencies of this nature ? And yet the hon . baronet 's proposition tended not to bind the legislature to any particular measure , but to leave the subject freely open to discussion and deliberate arrangement . In 1788 , his Majesty was afflicted with a malady which continued so long that a Regency Bill passed the House of Commons , and was in progress through the Upper House . Many were then of opinion that some distinct proceeding should be adopted ; but the delicacy of the royal advisers restrained them from advising his Majesty to send a message down to parliament on the subject . In 1804 , his Majesty had a relapse of his indisposition . On that occasion , ministers thought proper , the King being in a state in which private persons would not be permitted to manage their private affairs , to carry on ( the noble lord , who spoke last , being one , and the