he acted with had never so done ; and he wished he could say as much for the living and the dead , and that all could lay their hands on their hearts and say the same . He despised such base and despicable conduct from the bottom of his soul said , after the question 1154 asked of him by his hon . friend , he might , perhaps , be allowed to make good a deficiency in his former speech , by explaining what his further views and intentions were , provided he should succeed in his motion of that night , and obtain the Report alluded to in the Letter of the Princess of Wales to the Speaker . It certainly was his intention , in the event of the success of his first motion , to have followed it up by motions for such papers as `` might appear necessary for the further elucidation of the business , and for the justification or conviction of the person who had thrown herself , as her last resource , upon the justice and mercy of the House . But the few hours which , had passed since he moved his Amendment , had so entirely altered the state of the case , that he should not now even press a division . The most complete defiance on the part of the Princess of Wales had been thrown out , in the presence of those persons who had the fullest opportunity of inquiry , and whose duty it was to inquire into every part of her conduct—who had the means of searching her very heart . So completely did she now appear acquitted of all possible imputation of blame , even by those persons from whom the aspersions were , by the world , supposed , in the last Report , to have been thrown upon her , that it was in his mind unnecessary to press the matter to a division . Her innocence was entire—it was complete . To such restrictions as the Prince Regent in his capacity of father to the Princess Charlotte , or by the advice of his ministers , might think proper to impose upon her intercourse with her daughter , she must submit . It was her lot . But she had the satisfaction of knowing that her reputation henceforward was , by the confession of all parties , without imputation or reproach . From these considerations , he should not press a division . could not sufficiently praise the honest and manly warmth shewn by the hon . member who spoke last : but all motions similar to the present he should resist . He never would consent to support that which , however plausible at the moment , would endanger the permanent interests of the country . Besides , the necessity of such motions was lessened , if the object was to declare the entire acquittal of the Princess ; because , from the tone of the noble lord , as well as his repeated declarations of her innocence , any further proceedings were unnecessary . He was prepared to assert and maintain , that the 1155 words and meaning of the cabinet Report in 1807 , conveyed a complete , satisfactory and unlimited acquittal . He would not have supported the late Minute of the council had he been in the cabinet ; he should have been content to say that his Royal Highness was the master of his own family ; as father and sovereign , he had a right to direct and controul the conduct , of his daughter , and to regulate whom she should see , and whom she should not see . The Minute , he was glad to hear it owned , left acquitted innocence , as it was , before the council made their Report . It was hard to stop these discussions ; but it was better they should be so done , than left where it would be difficult to controul their circulation . He ( Mr. Canning ) disapproved of the original publication of the letter as the cause