local militia this year , it might be as well in the month of October as May , and in his opinion , under the circumstances of the country , the drilling for three weeks this year might be dispensed with which would save another large sum , and by this kind of recess they would gain a great number of converts to the system , when they found they would be only obliged to drill when the necessity or danger of the country imperiously called upon them : a saving of 450,000l . would thus be effected . As to the point , relative to the office of paymaster , it would be debated this week on the Bill which he had the honour to produce to that House . He would agree , that whenever there was an inefficient office , all times were proper to do away with it ; at the same time he did not think the country would gain much by abolishing the joint office , as the business of it had so much increased , and the great attention that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Long ) had paid to the department would be the means of preventing others from departing from his 1189 precedent . The situation had been divided for parliamentary and other purposes . He would , however , support the amendment ; he could not do otherwise , as it was always his principle to do away with a sinecure place . Savings of 10,000l . or 20,000l . were not immaterial . They were small as to the whole amount of our taxes , but not small as to the principle . As to the Irish barrack service , he recommended the continuance of the practice of laying papers annually on the subject before the House . said , that the only expence incurred by sending the life guards to the peninsula was the raising of another troop ; he thought it was but fair they should have gone , otherwise they would be deprived of the ordinary advantages of the army . The extraordinaries of a regiment of life guards on foreign service were not greater than those of any other regiment . Though it was not desirable that this heavy corps should perform the duty adapted to lighter troops , yet it was essential , in time of action , to have a body of cavalry , of such weight , and so efficient in every respect as that in question , to bear the brunt of the battle . It was by the desire of lord Wellington that they were sent in his rear to the Tagus , instead of having been forwarded by Corunna to Castile , and in that gallant general 's last dispatches , he said , he had reviewed the life guards and the Oxford blues , and never saw such fine cavalry in his life . As to the saving proposed by the hon . gentleman who spoke last , as it related to the volunteer corps and local militia , there might be some , but it would be so trifling that the experiment would not make amends for it . agreed with the noble lord with respect to the local militia , and thought that in the course of 20 years , if properly kept up , it would afford the most effectual defence for the country . He disapproved of the mode of enlisting men for life , in the moment of intoxication , or under circumstances equally improper ; and thought that the way to ascertain the superior eligibility of the two methods of enlisting for life or for seven years , was not to ask a man who was enlisted the other day , whether he repented of his resolution , but to ask him seven years hence . With respect to the manner in which the army was clothed , he did not see why gentlemen in that House might not form an opinion on it , when their opinion was the same as that of every man they 1190 met in