to enquire into the high price of Gold Bullion , and which were then agreed to by the House . The Resolutions were accordingly read , and are as follow : `` 2 . Resolved , That the Promissory Notes of the governor and company of the Bank of England , are engagements to pay certain sums of money in the legal coin of this kingdom ; and that , for more than a century past , the said governor and company were at all times ready to discharge such Promissory Notes in legal coin of the realm , until restrained from so doing , on the 25th of February 1797 , by an order of council , confirmed by act of parliament . `` 3 . Resolved , That the Promissory Notes of the said company have hitherto been , and are at this time , held in public estimation to be equivalent to the legal coin of the realm , and generally accepted as such in all pecuniary transactions to which such coin is lawfully applicable . '' said , that it was impossible for him to allow this Bill to be read a second time without entering his protest against it , viewing it as he did , as a Bill of the greatest atrocity . ( Cries of hear , and a laugh . ) He repeated the term atrocity , for he knew of none which was more applicable to it . He was sure the House would be unwilling to enter into a lengthened discussion on the Bullion Question , but he only wished to state shortly his objections to this fatal Bill , which originated out of the Report of the Bullion Committee , who had been appointed for the purpose of inquiring into the causes of the high price of gold . That Committee stated that the market price was 4l . 10s . an ounce , while the standard price was 3l . 17s . 10d . and that the amount of the depreciation of the currency was 15 per cent . In consequence of this statement a distinguished member of the last parliament ( Mr. Horner ) , who had also been chairman of the Bullion Committee , endeavoured to induce the House to adopt a series of resolutions , in which he proposed to bring 226 back the currency to its proper standard , by constraining the Bank of England to resume payments in specie within two years ; but , in the mean time the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed , as a nostrum , what had been read by the clerk , at the suggestion of his hon . friend , and which went to establish the monstrous proposition , that a pound note and a shilling were equal to one pound one in gold . Since that period , gold had been sold at 4l . 14s . an ounce , which was a depreciation of 20 per cent . A noble lord ( King ) then took a resolution to confute the doctrine held out in the resolutions by compelling his tenants to pay their rents in gold , when a law was passed to prevent it . This law was temporary '' and had been once renewed , and would expire in February next ; it , therefore , became necessary to know the price of gold at this period before they renewed the law . The right hon . gentleman had come to his resolutions when there was a depreciation of 20 percent , and he now came to renew the law when the price of gold in the market this day was 5l . 5s . an ounce , being a depreciation of 35 percent and yet the right hon . gentleman gravely introduced the Bill , and seemed surprised that it should provoke any discussion . But did the right hon . gentleman really believe that paper and gold were of the same value , or that the law had succeeded in making them so ? He could not think , so ; but if this monstrous