Fund Act of 1802 , but it is not perhaps generally known that he was the original proposer of that Act . I speak this from my own perfect knowledge , and there are other living witnesses , and I believe , written documents , in proof of it . The Act originated in a suggestion of Mr. Pitt to lord Sid-mouth , then Chancellor of the Exchequer , and his first suggestion went to this extent , that not only no Sinking Fund should be provided upon the sums funded in that year , but that after reserving so much of the Sinking Fund as should be sufficient on calculation to redeem the whole debt at par , within 45 years , the surplus , then amounting to above a million , should be applied to the public service . After much discussion between Mr. Pitt and lord Sid-mouth , at which I had the honour to assist , the proposition was reduced to the more 1087 limited form in which it received the sanction of parliament . There could not be a more decisive declaration of Mr. Pitt 's opinion of the true construction of the Act , and it was no less clearly shown by his public conduct on other and even prior occasions . In contracting several loans in 1798 , 1799 and 1800 , on the credit of the Income Tax , he made no provision for the immediate repayment of the principal , but proposed to discharge it by the continuation of the Income Tax in time of peace , so long as might be necessary . This shews that he viewed the provision for repayment within 45 years rather with regard to probability and practice , than to that extreme nicety and rigour which is sometimes insisted on : for it was clearly possible that the war might outlast 45 years , and in that case no provision whatever would have been made for the redemption ; but Mr. Pitt , viewing the subject as a wise and great statesman , according to the probabilities of human affairs , thought it sufficient to make such provision as any reasonable and practical man would think adequate to its purpose ; not looking to such cases as , though mathematically true , approached the extreme verge of possibility . With respect to the resolutions of parliament , I shall beg to refer to the first of those passed by this House on the 18th of May 1802 , and lately read at our table . On these Resolutions an Act was founded , which , as well as the Acts which established the loans to which I have just referred , clearly evinces the opinion of the legislature that the Act of 1792 merely required that provision should be made for the redemption of debt within 45 years from its creation , leaving to the discretion of parliament both the mode to be applied in specific cases , and any subsequent variation of that mode which , within the limits prescribed , it may think proper to adopt . I shall now attempt to explain to the Committee how it appears to me that some immediate relief may be afforded to the public , without the smallest infringement of the provisions of the Act of 1792 , which I have detailed . Neither the Act of 1786 nor that of 1792 contains any provision as to the mode in which the debt , when purchased , shall be cancelled or discharged , so as to relieve the charge upon the Consolidated Fund . There are two modes in which this discharge might be carried into effect . The first would be 1088 that , supposing any number of successive loans to be contracted , a proportion of Sinking Fund should , according to the present practice , be attached to each , and should continue to accumulate at compound interest until the whole of such loan should be discharged by its exclusive operation , and thus that , the redemption of each should be separately and independently effected . This is understood to be the