repeat that I think they have been held up to a nicety of criticism perfectly unusual ; very ill suited to a fair , temperate , and impartial discussion of the subject , and not very well calculated to promote that general satisfaction , without which the resolution of last year admits that the attainment of the object , now in view , is impracticable . There have been , however , other observations , with respect to a certain description of petitioners , which I can not suffer to pass unnoticed , —I mean the reflections which have been cast , most unjustly , and , as it seems to me , with as little liberality as justice , on the clergy who have petitioned . A noble lord , on a former evening , to my astonishment , asserted that it was indecent in the clergy to petition parliament on a purely political question , I deny both the position itself , and its applicability to the subject now before the House . It is the first time I have ever heard , and I will not readily believe it , that , even if this question was simply political , the clergy is the only description of British subjects , who are to be considered as divested of , what has , so often and so justly been styled , the birthright of Englishmen . But is this a purely political question ? Has it no religious consideration involved in it ? What are the restrictions and safeguards for ? Why , it has been admitted , by all who have pressed the necessity of them , that they are mainly for the security of the Protestant establishment . I will leave , therefore , the noble lord to settle this point with the promoters and framers of the intended measure , with this one farther observation , that , in my judgment , the clergy are so far from stepping out of their line by expressing their views , in the way of petition , that I should have considered them most remiss , in the discharge of their duty , if they had omitted gravely to consider , and firmly to declare , their sentiments , upon the effects , which these concessions might produce . 1034 An hon . baronet , who spoke early in , the debate , did not confine himself to reflections on the clergy in general , as far as they appeared in petitions ; but conceived himself justified in animadverting , with great severity , on a publication from a right reverend prelate . The hon . baronet charged that right reverend prelate with having accused all the advocates of these claims of `` artful misrepresentation , specious liberality , or infidel indifference . '' I have read this production , which I doubt whether the hon . baronet had , at the time he hazarded such a charge ; for I undertake to state , that no such construction belongs to the passage . His friend , the right reverend prelate argues , that the Roman Catholic question combines both religious and political considerations , and that any opinion , which maintains , that this question is simply and exclusively within either the one or the other , either religious or political , but not combined of both qualities , could only be founded in artful misrepresentation , specious liberality , or infidel indifference . I then ask the House whether the misrepresentation of the hon . baronet is not most glaring ? and whether the comments and observations , with which he has connected it , are not only unwarranted by the passage referred to , but equally inconsistent with the high respect and esteem , which the right hon . baronet professed himself to entertain for the talents , the learning , the elevated rank , and high character of that right reverend prelate ? But the hon . baronet did not stop here ; for , in quoting another expression of that right reverend prelate , in which he states himself `` a friend to