hon . baronet to move for a committee above stairs , to examine into the dogmas of the Catholic Church ? Such an investigation , he thought , would be better confined to the hon . baronet himself ; and he knew not what benefit could be produced by referring the subject to a committee of that House for their consideration . It had been frequently alleged as an argument on the part of the Catholics , that , having given them so much already , it followed , on principles of consistency and policy , nothing now should be withheld—their claims should be granted in the fullest extent . This argument went to the utmost principle of granting concession , without any regulation or restriction whatever ; and it proceeded on this ungracious assumption , that the legislature could not confer any immunity , however consistent with the security of the state , without incurring the risk of having it retorted on them at a future day— '' You have granted this , and , therefore , you must grant the other ; '' although perhaps a compliance with the demand might be most dangerous.—He knew not where this argument was to stop . If it were pursued to its extreme limit , they could not grant a step further in the army , or higher at the bar , without occasioning additional and more pressing claims . Under all the circumstances , he did not think the present mode was most conducive to a temperate consideration of the subject—and , therefore , the House ought to stand on their guard . This mode of arguing the question had this night been strongly enforced by a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Ponsonby ) who declared , that it would be in vain to grant the Catholics part of what they want , as 1233 that would only make them more eager for the rest , and were determined to get it ; and that if they were resolved to stop now , why did they grant them the elective franchise in 1793 ? That mode of argument , as he had stated , appeared to him to be most fallacious . If it was to be adopted , the committee must then go the whole length of the petitioners , and grant unqualified concession . Parliament would not be able to concede some things , because it would be told , now you have conceded those , I 'll show you why you must concede more . He repeated it was impossible to anticipate where such an argument would stop . But , he would ask , with respect to the elective franchise , was there no difference between allowing a Catholic to vote for the return of Protestant members , and opening the doors of parliament to the Catholic himself ? —He thought it a most ungracious argument , and it behoved that House to make a stand upon the ground they possessed , and maturely deliberate before they permitted a new system of things to be established . The hon baronet seemed to suppose that what they were then doing , was likely to conciliate the Catholic body—but he conceived , they would not be doing justice to themselves , if they did not negative the present Resolution—and , perhaps , another might be introduced in its place , no less conciliatory to the Catholics and at the same time more satisfactory to the people in general . said , the right hon . gentleman was incorrect in stating , that the Roman Catholics , in their petitions , expressed a determination not to accede to any regulation whatever . Now , if he had read those petitions right , no such assertion was contained in them . They prayed , that every remaining penal statute might be repealed ; that , while they conducted themselves as loyal subjects , they might be placed on a level with their Protestant brethren ; and that no disability should be inflicted on them , in consequence of their adherence to the tenets of the Catholic church . Now