question in the same elevated light as that respecting the Catholics , or they would have sent over the lord mayor ! '' Besides , if they granted the privilege to the corporation of Dublin , they could not refuse it , if claimed by the city of Edinburgh . For these reasons , he would oppose the motion . hoped , under the particular circumstances of the case , that the House would be induced to accede to the right hon . gentleman 's proposition—particularly as the chief magistrate of Dublin had actually arrived in town . The corporation of Dublin had no other motive in transmitting the Petition , in the manner they had done , than a desire to give it every weight in their power ; and he did think the House would be acting too strictly , if they rejected the application . He wished particularly to observe , that he was by no means induced to accede to the motion , on account of the nature or sentiments of the Petition . He was sure , in deciding this question , it was quite unnecessary to know what they were—it was sufficient to state , that a request was made by the corporation of the 701 second city in the empire , which it was easy for the House to grant , and which would be received by those seeking it with every proper acknowledgment . did not think that the arrival of the lord mayor of Dublin in this metropolis was any argument for agreeing with the motion . He thought the worthy magistrate had acted rather hastily , in proceeding on his journey before he had ascertained whether he was likely to succeed in the object of it . If , as had been staled , the parliament of Ireland were never in the habit of receiving petitions from the corporation of Dublin , through the medium of the lord mayor , they could not now claim such a right with any propriety . said , the present was a request made on the part of the second city in the empire ; it referred only to one particular occasion , and was not meant to extend to every question . He was of opinion , that the chief magistrate of Dublin having arrived , he ought not to be sent back without having performed the duty on which he was employed ; and it was one thing to refuse a favour , and another , by the refusal , to offer an indignity . The hon . gentleman ( Mr. Wynn ) was anxious to save future magistrates from inconvenience ; but he did not seem to feel any regret for the inconvenience which the present lord mayor of Dublin would experience , by returning without having executed the purpose of his mission . It was requested as a matter of favour , and it Would be received only as such . wished to know , distinctly , whether the lord mayor of Dublin was admitted , in a similar way , to present petitions at the bar of the House of Commons of Ireland ? said , he had made inquiries on the subject , from persons possessing more information than he did himself , and he had reason to believe that such a permission was not granted . understood there was a particular resolution of the Irish House of Commons , `` That no petition should be presented to the House , except by a member . '' Therefore , he contended , the course of proceeding there did not bear on the present question ; for , had it not been for this particular resolution on the subject , the corporation of Dublin might have been treated with the same attention by the Irish parliament , as the corporation of London received from the united parliament . 702 Certainly , the House was placed in a situation of great difficulty , as there was no precedent applicable to the occasion ; but , as a general wish to receive the lord mayor seemed to prevail , and as