and vouching for a third to be a citizen before any magistrate , in any part of the United States , obtained him a certificate of citizenship . These practices were of the utmost importance in considering this question ; because it was clear , from an examination of the papers , that in their objections to the right of impressment , the government of the United States made no distinction between American citizens born , and citizens there made by letters of naturalization and certificates of citizenship . It became therefore a question involving the dearest rights and interests of this country . Upon the right of impressment depended our maritime greatness and superiority , and still more when we were at war with other states . This , our undoubted right , the American government now disputed , and offered to us nothing but an unconditional surrender of that right , or war . War with them , therefore , we must have , and he trusted the unanimous vote of that House would serve to convince the people of the United States , that what was held out to them by their government , of a great division of opinion in this country upon the subject , was utterly 580 fallacious . Let us shew that we were not base enough to sacrifice to trade the honour and the interests of the country . Let us shew that we were not improvident enough to sacrifice to commerce that maritime superiority which could alone enable us to carry on commerce with advantage . The noble earl concluded with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to acquaint his Royal Highness that we have taken into our consideration the Papers laid before us by his Royal Highness 's command , relative to the late Discussions with the Government of the United States of America : `` That , whilst we deeply regret the failure of the endeavours of his Royal Highness to preserve the relations of peace and amity between this country and the United States , we entirely approve of the resistance which has been opposed by his Royal Highness to the unjustifiable pretensions of the American government , being satisfied that those pretensions could not be admitted without surrendering some of the most ancient , undoubted , and important rights of the British empire : `` That , impressed as we are with these sentiments , and fully convinced of the justice of the war in which his Majesty has been compelled to engage , his Royal Highness may rely on our most zealous and cordial support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour , and for bringing it to a safe and honourable termination . '' rose to express his satisfaction at the course which the noble secretary of state had adopted , in confining the Address merely to the approval of the rejection of the propositions made by America , with respect to the right of taking our own seamen . Much as he lamented many of the past transactions between this country and America , especially the mode in which the Orders in Council had been recalled ; yet he admitted that it was not at all necessary to advert to these topics , in order to judge of the propriety of the present Address . The question now was , whether , when the Orders in Council had been at last revoked , America had met us with a corresponding disposition to come to an amicable arrangement ? for though the Orders in Council were not the sole ground of complaint with America , yet he did not find that there appeared any other bar to a friendly 581 accommodation . He had , therefore , certainly expected , that when this was removed , America would have returned to such a pacific disposition as would have paved the way for the adjustment of other differences . Adverting to the impressment of our own seamen , he stated that he could not perceive that there was any