means improbable , of regaining all which they had lost . This circumstance , in my opinion , may account for many of those occurrences , which excited the fears and dictated the cautious proceedings of those , who framed the Revolution ; and I am by no means surprised that , under the circumstances , which led to that fresh act , its framers did not feel that the Protestantism of the throne was alone sufficient to secure the Protestant establishments of the country ; and that , seeing that a Roman Catholic Pretender and his family still claimed a right to the throne , they enforced the restrictions , now in question , as additional securities to the fundamental principle of the Protestantism of the throne . These particular restrictions , however , do not appear to me to be fundamental principles in themselves ; and , as the experience of more than a century has confirmed the inviolability of a Protestant throne , and as all chance of a Roman Catholic competitor is now extinct , I think we may safely venture to relax those restrictions which former dangers had rendered expedient . Whilst , however , I think that much may be done , and that the time for doing it has arrived , I am bound , in honour and fairness , to state , that , if the measure , for the adoption of the House , rested solely upon the principles of the right hon . hon . gen- 965 tleman ( Mr. Grattan ) , I should finally be obliged to vote against it . For , although the considerations which I have stated , dispose me to concede much to the Catholics , I can not forget that the principle of our constitution is jealousy . It is jealous of the crown , jealous of the aristocracy , jealous of the democracy ; and the Roman Catholics have no right to complain , if it is jealous of them ; not that I mean to apply this principle of caution to this or that individual , but it is applicable to the weakness of human nature , which leads all men to a love of power , and to the consequent exertion to maintain it . This jealousy , however , has its bounds ; and , if the Protestantism of the throne is still allowed to retain that protection , which I think expedient , I shall be most willing to abandon those restrictive guards , for which I can not see , in the present state of the world , an adequate and imperious necessity . Having thus stated , however imperfectly , the general outline of my view of this great and intricate question , I will only add , that I shall go into the committee with an anxious desire , an earnest hope , and a fond expectation that the result of its deliberations will be a realization of those anticipations , which led to the vote of last year , and which , I trust , will end in really and substantially promoting the harmony and concord of all classes of his Majesty 's subjects . .—Sir , I am fully aware that , in delivering my sentiments , at any time , I have much to request from the indulgence of the House ; and therefore , more particularly , at so late an hour , and on a subject of so great importance . Feeling , however , that I have the misfortune to differ from many ( both in and out of this House ) for whose judgment and opinion I entertain the greatest respect , I hope that I may be permitted shortly to explain the grounds of my vote this night . If I understand rightly the right hon . gentleman 's motion , its ultimate object is to exchange the present securities of the established church for others , which may be found fully effectual to its support , and , at the same time , less offensive to a large portion of our fellow subjects ; thus to