private property , and , as such , what right , he asked , had they so to dispose of it ? He knew that various sums had been taken from it before , but that was no justification of the practice . They were not to follow a multitude to do evil . By the Chancellor 's paying the one half of the salary , the principle had been given up that he ought to pay the whole . He therefore contended for this principle to its full extent . The hon . member then adverted to the last clause of the amended Bill , providing for the Lord Chancellor 's taking all the fees . On the subject of fees he had his doubts respecting their propriety , and was glad to understand that it was the intention of an hon . member to move , that the Lord Chancellor should receive no fees , but have a fixed salary . On the whole , it was his opinion that the Bill ought to be recommitted . felt it his duty , as chairman of the committee that had been appointed to enquire into the emoluments of the office of Lord Chancellor , to state that these emoluments had been much exaggerated by general and vulgar report . Upon an average , for some years past , they had not been more than 18 , 19 , or 20,000l . a year , instead of 30 or 40,000l . as had been represented . The fees , on account of bankruptcies , amount to about 5,000l . ; the emoluments , as Speaker of the House of Lords , to 7,000l . making in all , with the salary paid from the Exchequer , about 20,000l . a year . The emoluments from bankruptcies alone had , on the contrary , been stated to amount to 17,000l . a year , but such reports were without foundation . It had been the wish of the committee , that a fixed salary should be given to the Lord Chancellor , instead of these casual fees , and in justice to the noble 681 and learned lord now in that high office , he thought it necessary to state , that , on this being communicated to him , he approved of such an arrangement , and acquiesced in the average of the last five years being taken as the standard , amounting to about 16 or 17,000l . a year , He thought it only doing fair justice to the noble lord to state , that on this occasion they found him as liberal as any principle of fairness or equity could require . He was still partial to the project he had formerly suggested , of separating the bankrupt causes from the jurisdiction of the Lord Chancellor . There could be nothing unconstitutional in such a measure , as these had been attached to the office by statute , and not originally connected with the Lord Chancellor 's duties . Another judge might be appointed for bankruptcies , who , at the same time , might be of great assistance to the Cockpit . He admitted of the impossibility of the Master of the Rolls being called on to do other duties than those of his own office , and with regard to the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer , he had business enough already in his own court . was glad to find that the country , already so much burdened , was not to be charged with an additional salary . The Chancellor , it seemed , was to pay the one half of the salary , which was a proof that he was satisfied that he could not do all the duties . The Bill , in its first stage , he thought rather a slovenly performance , and unlike the usual productions of the noble lord . He approved of the amendments that had been introduced , and therefore , although he had formerly voted against the Bill , was now ready to give it his assent and support . It was evident