birthright is , and has been , unjustly detained from them ; that , in fact , without this emancipation , as it is called , the Catholics are virtually only a species of slaves , —I can only state , that my opinions are directly opposed to theirs . Indeed a right hon . gentleman , whose ability has been so generally complimented , whose argumentative eloquence so astonished the House , on the first night 's debate , refused to concur in many of the violent arguments , urged by those , who 978 spoke on the same side of the question with himself . He has refused to concur in the doctrine , that securities are not to be required from the Catholics . On the contrary , he has agreed to the right and necessity of demanding just and strong securities for the establishment , in return for the proposed grant . This would lead me to consider the opinions of those , who seem inclined to vote for going into a committee ; some , without any expectation of being able to carry that vote farther , whilst others are desirous that the claims should be only partially conceded , and who expect that the Catholics may be induced to agree to the establishment of those safeguards necessary to be obtained in the execution of the projected measure . To these gentlemen I appeal for a candid , for a favourable hearing . These I intreat to weigh well the importance of the step they are about to take ; to approach with caution , the precipice , near which they stand . Many of those , desirous of going into a committee , are by no means sanguine in their expectations of a final adjustment . Many there are who think with me , that the Catholics , encouraged by their eloquent advocates in this House , relying on the entire right , which they have been taught to consider as attached to their cause , will refuse to retract any of their demands ; will determine to be satisfied with nothing short of the whole . Should this be the case ( and I firmly believe that , if ever the House is induced to go into a committee , on this subject , it will prove to be the opinion of the majority of the Catholics ) what would be the conduct of those honourable gentlemen to whom I have immediately alluded ? Unquestionably they will see the necessity of withholding the grant , which , they before considered , might possibly be made . Finding themselves deceived in their expectations , they would immediately see the propriety of voting against the fulfilment of a measure , for the consideration of which they had before given their suffrage . One advantage certainly might arise out of going into the proposed committee . The country might then see that the Catholics would be satisfied with nothing short of the whole of their demands , so plainly , that the necessity of all future discussion would be obviated , because it would manifestly be useless . This trifling advantage , however , would be infinitely overbalanced by the evils , which would arise out of the measure . The Catholics , who are now eager 979 and sanguine in their expectations , would , on the House going into a committee , be satisfied of their ultimate success . They would have gained one important step , for which they have so long been labouring in vain . Hope , already raised to expectation , would instantly be increased to ideal certainty . They would consider the Rubicon as passed , and retreat , on the part of parliament , impracticable ; and if they are now unwilling to concede any favourite point , is it probable that , buoyed up by a partial success , relying on a fancied security , they will suddenly become more humble or more conciliating ? If it is now adduced as an argument , in favour of the claims , that it were unsafe to refuse them