by his great and comprehensive mind could have the effect he looks for . I subscribe to his reasoning , and will support his Bill , if he will bring it forward in the shape he proposes , with those sure and safe grounds , which , in my opinion , will satisfy the Protestant feelings , and guard against foreign influence in that church , which has with good cause , excited jealousy in the breast of those who have petitioned this House . I , Sir , have presented a Petition from a great , a populous , and a wealthy people , inhabiting one of the most respectable counties in Ireland . From the language of that Petition I take my instruction . It shall govern my conduct this night . Much , however , do I fear that my right hon . friend has spoken , rather from his wishes , than from his actual knowledge , if he meant to hold out a hope to us , that 862 the Catholics of Ireland , in their present temper , would agree to any such securities for the preservation of the constitution , and our national religion , as he has suggested . Most happy , indeed , would it be for Ireland and the empire , if they would bend a little on this subject , and meet the growing liberality of their Protestant fellow subjects with equal sincerity , and equal desire to bury , for ever , the differences which have so long distracted their common land . Melancholy it is to reflect that people , so disposed , from the finest feelings of the heart ; people , in all other respects , so admirably qualified to be an ornament to human nature , should , in the subject of religion alone , be so divided as to be in reality two distinct families in the same house ; jealous of each other , and neither of them disposed to weigh and consider the real causes of that jealousy , with a view to a final adjustment . Now , however , they have appealed to this House , as a common friend , to interfere ; and I trust the decision , now to be made , will prove satisfactory and final . You have , therefore , now before you the Catholics of Ireland , praying an unqualified repeal of all the restrictive statutes yet in force against them . On the other hand , you have the Protestant population of Ireland , expressing their jealous apprehension that such unqualified repeal would be ruinous to their peace and comfort , dangerous to the constitution , and ultimately subversive of that liberty which was , in their hope , secured for us by the Revolution . The difficulty to satisfy both must strike every man who hears me : —but the difficulty increases , when we consider the peculiar circumstances of Ireland as a conquered country ; frequently , since its conquest , revisited by insurrections and rebellions , with a view of repossessing , by force , property which , by treason , had been alienated : and extirpating the English settlers , on that property , so confiscated . After the first conquest of that country , the policy of England was to introduce the blessings of the British constitution , by the force of law ; but vain was the effort , their laws were despised and neglected . They lay ( to use the words of a highly respected man , formerly an ornament to this House ) like lumps of marl on a barren moor , encumbering what they could not fertilize . Baffled thus in the hope of establishing 863 civil order by law , king James the 1st adopted a surer mode , and planted a colony of English and Scotch settlers in the north of Ireland , then almost exhausted of inhabitants by the frequent wars and rebellions of its chief . This colony occupied the province of Ulster . It carried with it the British constitution in church and state ; it