giving a silent vote on this occasion . Sir ; I can not consent to going into the proposed committee , until adequate safeguards for the security of the constitution and the established religion shah be , not only proposed , but accurately defined ; and until there is nearly a moral certainty that they will be accepted by the Roman Catholics : for if the House should come out of this committee , without a final adjustment with the Catholics , instead of softening the existing differences , it will only serve to embitter and aggravate them . There is another reason , Sir , why I object to the motion . I have perceived an unyielding and hostile , rather than a conciliating spirit both in the speeches and writings of the Roman Catholics , and there is too great reason to apprehend that , if they were to be appeased by concession to their claims , a vast majority of the Protestants , both in England and Ireland , would be rendered dissatisfied if not disaffected . Whatever of good this concession might have , in itself , abstractedly , which is only allowed for the sake of argument , I object to it now , because this is not the fit moment for attempting to carry it into effect , with any rational prospect of success . A spirit of alarm has spread amongst the Protestants in every quarter of the empire , as appears from the numerous petitions on the table of the House , whilst , I lament to add , that the intemperate conduct of the Roman Catholics has not tended to allay those just jealousies and fears . It has long been evident to me , that the great object of the Roman Catholics is not toleration , but political power . True policy will not allow political power to be conceded to them . Hitherto every fresh concession has engendered a new demand . Toleration , which has been well described not only as the ornament of the Protestant faith , but its security , they already possess ; where is it more liberally enjoyed than in this happy and enlightened country ? I should sincerely rejoice if the boundaries of toleration could be enlarged with safety to the state ; but let us not , in 861 such an attempt , put to the hazard the glorious fabric of our Protestant constitution , such as it has been handed down to us by our forefathers . These being my sentiments , I can not give my vote for going into the proposed committee . ( member for the county of Tyrone ) said : —Mr . Speaker ; in taking this great and most interesting subject into our consideration , I trust the House will be divested of all feelings but those , which sound justice and policy hall dictate , and that it will particularly be jealous of all those local and partial sensations , which deep rooted prejudices may have given strength to ; or the recollections of former sufferings may call up , to baffle the cool deliberation , now so necessary for us to cultivate and encourage . But , while we endeavour to overcome our own feelings , we must turn our attention to the feelings of those who have petitioned this House ; that , by understanding the extent of the danger apprehended on the one side , and the object required on the other , this House , in its sober judgment , may be better able to supply some remedy , which shall cool the heart-burnings of a disturbed and divided people , and , at last , lay the fever , which is weakening and destroying their civil constitution . To the most able and eloquent speech of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Plunket ) I most sincerely give its well-earned praise . He is the first who has pointed out to us any certain line of conduct which might , in his sanguine mind , satisfy both parties ; most sincerely do I hope that the line suggested