her from the charge at that time made against her . Did he do wrong in not withholding that advice ? 1151 As to the second point , was it expected he should tell what advice he had given ? He did not think he ought to be called on to stand there as a defendant ; and he certainly should not act very professionally if he had disclosed what advice he had given . He had , however , the consolation of being able to say , that his opinion was in complete unison with that of Mr. Perceval , who was not at that time in the cabinet , or in any political situation . He also had the consolation to say , that his advice had been successful in defending her Royal Highness against the charge then meditated against her . He would not , however , be then tempted to communicate what that advice was . He agreed with what had been publicly stated by Mr. Perceval , that throughout the whole discussion he could not discover any thing to allow him to think there was any just foundation for the charge that was preferred . On the third point , he could only say it was from no act of his own that he was no longer a legal adviser of her Royal Highness . She had no doubt voluntarily made choice of persons much better able than he was to give her advice . said , he was disappointed in the speech he had just heard : he expected to have heard some reply to the allusions made to the learned gentleman . In his opinion circumstances had come out which made him think the country was exposed to much difficulty and danger . The noble lord had made no satisfactory reply to his hon . friend ; it was not enough to say the Regent had the sole prerogative of educating his daughter . Statements had been handed about in which it was said , the Princess was accused by suborned witnesses , and to suffer the matter to rest here was a denial of justice to the Princess ; for this reason he would support the Amendment of his hon . friend . said , he felt very warmly on this occasion , as a man of honour and a gentleman , but he could not vote either for the original motion or the amendment . He must at the same time say , it was not the speech of the noble lord that induced him to come to this determination ; for the noble lord had left the points which were the most material in the discussion without any answer . He considered this a most galling and disgraceful subject , no less than dragging the royal family before the House . The true question was , whether ministers had done their duty , first to their King , and secondly 1152 to their country . In his opinion , the four commissioners appointed in 1806 had gone farther than they were required to do . The commissioners were to examine into a charge of one kind only ; but from the evidence brought to support this they formed another , and thus exceeded their jurisdiction . If their report was only to go to the King , this circumstance would not have been material , but as it was to go to the Princess , it was sure to be productive of such difficulties as no woman could submit , without complaint , to the imputations that were cast upon her . But passing by this Report , the next to be considered was that of 1807 , which was a complete acquittal as to every point . This the noble lord had not denied in his speech ; but the ministers of that day not only acquitted her Royal Highness , but went farther , and advised his Majesty to receive the Princess at court . With such a Report in existence , why was it necessary now to ransack the evidence of 1806 , and to rake together