overrated the condition of Spain , and anticipated more from her than she was or could by possibility be able to perform . Were he in the noble earl 's situation , he would rather confess the inadequacy of his policy , than come forward and say , at the end of the year , — ' O dear ; we expected such things , but we have been disappointed . ' If they had , as they boasted , 130,000 men on the continent , why was there so little done , when the expence was so great ? or why were 20,000 British troops kept idle in Sicily ? Had the measures of his noble friend ( earl Grey ) on leaving office in 1807 been adopted , that would have prevented the necessity of locking up such a force in Sicily . But their non-adoption could not create surprize ; as it was now pretty well understood , that an epigram caused these men to be kept in Sicily , when they ought to have been in Spain . This was another of the effects of that fashion among the present ministers which affected to despise every thing coming from those who preceded them , but if instead of this folly they had followed the good counsel left them , they would have placed these men at the immediate disposal of lord Wellington , and thereby , in all probability , decided at once the fate of the peninsula . But , with regard to Spain , ministers were always too late ; and the noble earl was obliged to recur to his last and usual defence—the abuse of his agent , whom he charges with the failure of the co-operation from Sicily , which was expected by lord 47 Wellington . As usual they sent the force when too late to be of any service.—There was another point on which he expected some explanation . He expected to be informed why ministers , with a revenue of one hundred and five millions or more by estimate , extorted by means most grinding and oppressive upon a suffering people , were yet in a situation to confess their inability to supply the military chest of lord Wellington . The difficulty , however , did not arise from the deficient resources of the country , much as they had been drained , but must be traced to the noble earl 's real inefficiency , and to that of his colleagues . They might diminish by one half the income of every individual in this country , with as little effect , or prospect of ultimate success , as bad attended them in those plans and speculations which led them to circulate a vile and adulterated currency in paper and in coin throughout the nation ; when such had been its effects , why not then rather stop at this moment the contest in Spain ? His lordship again paid a tribute of applause to the speech of the noble marquis , who did not , like the noble earl , condescend to deal in loose principles , vague analogies , or in general assertions , but went on reasoning , point by point , as full of facts as he was of sound theoretical principles , and of practical political wisdom . As his Majesty 's ministers had not made sufficient disclosures , he did not wish to press them at present with respect to our connections with Sweden . But he must say , that in his opinion much might have been done there , although very little had been effected.—With regard to America the ministers evinced their folly in expecting that the repeal of the Orders in Council , when that took place , could have produced conciliation in the government of that country . But there was a time when it would have carried that effect . The noble earl it seemed bad yet , in common with politicians of his stamp , to learn , that concessions made too late would always produce irritation . It was so with regard to Ireland as well