Hale could find a season of relaxation from his judicial functions in which to pursue his studies and amusements , but no judge upon the bench could now allow himself any such indulgence . He regretted that the law establishments in the country were insufficient for the mass of business , and that the time of the judges was too much occupied in their duties . Here he begged leave to call the attention of the House to a book which he recently had occasion to read , and which , in point of authority , maintained a distinguished and undisputed rank . He alluded to the work written by sir W. Fortescue , in the reign of Henry the 6th— '' De Laudibus Legum Angliæ . '' That author stated , that only three hours , from eight to eleven in the forenoon , were occupied by the courts in the administration of justice , the rest of the time they spent either in the study of the laws or in reading the scriptures . If such a system were to prevail , what would become of the due administration of justice at present ? How very different would be the situation of lord Ellenbrough ! The truth was , that with the progress of time circumstances had essentially changed , which required an alteration in the constitution of the authorities of the country . In fact , the number of judges remained the same , though the business had increased out of all proportion . Soon after king John 's Charter , the number of judges in the King's-bench was increased from three to six ; and in after times five judges frequently sat in the Common Pleas . The measure now proposed , was not a greater innovation than those to which he alluded . As matters stood at present , there was reason to apprehend , that causes would be too hastily decided , and haste was generally , or at least often the parent of mistake . This was also , in a great measure , the situation of the common law courts . It was said that the supporters of the Bill had shifted their ground , for that 480 the evil to be removed was said , at one time to exist in the Court of Chancery , at another time in the House of Lords . It was not asserted by any person that there was not a great increase of business in the Court of Chancery . The suitors ' money in that court had increased from 1,000,000l . to 35,500,063l . seven million of which had arisen since the year 1800 , and ten million since 1780 . The commercial business depending in that court did not amount to less than 25,000,000l . This was not even an adequate representation of the fact . He hoped the House was now fully persuaded of the evil of delay , and that they would see the necessity of appointing an assistant to discharge a part of those burthens which had nearly doubled since the time of lord Hardwicke . A remedy was absolutely demanded by the circumstances he had staled , and be trusted gentlemen would feel the necessity of applying it where it was most wanted . For his own part , he entirely approved ' of the measure offered , and concluded by observing , that he was persuaded whoever had the proposed jurisdiction vested in him would add dignity to the office . opposed the present Bill , to which he had the most serious objections . He did not deny that the evil existed , and that a remedy should be applied ; but he thought it should be more efficacious than that proposed by the Bill , which was much more extensive than the nature of the case required . He would now assume , whether justly or not , that the remedy proposed was two-fold : one for the evil said to exist in the Court of Chancery , and the other for that said to exist in the House of Lords . With respect to