meeting was first convened , so adverse a disposition was evinced by the freeholders to the object of it , that the noble lord and his associates were obliged to remove to a private house , and pass their resolutions . At the first meeting , that at which this disapprobation had been evinced , there were several noblemen present , and it was the brother of lord Ormond who moved that the meeting should be dissolved ; on which the utmost confusion ensued , those 731 who were favourable to the object for which it had been convened , and were dissatisfied at their not being able to smuggle a petition , contending that the chairman should not put the question . The high sheriff of the county had refused to call a meeting at the instance of the noble lord and his associates , and had moreover refused to let them use the court house for the purpose . Under these circumstances he thought he was fully justified in asserting that the Petition was not from the Protestants of Kilkenny , but was that of certain individuals . He was confident that it was disapproved by seven-eights of the inhabitants of that county , and even the Protestants who disapproved of it possessed much more property than the noble lord and his associates . was glad that the right hon . baronet did not happen to be present at the meeting , the proceedings of which he had described to the House ; because , that being the case , he could without any breach of politeness assure him , that nothing of what he had stated to have happened there , had happened . Most of the persons at that meeting had signed the Petition before they left the room . [ Here sir J. Newport exclaimed , `` No ! '' and his lordship insisted such was the fact ; they had signed it in his presence . ] The right hon . baronet had imposed on him a very disagreeable task , that of revealing what had passed at the meeting , for many of those who concurred in a part of the proceedings , had expressed their sorrow for the part they had taken , and wished much that nothing should transpire upon the subject . First then , he had to state , that the high sheriff of the county had signed the Petition before he left the room , though he had refused in his official capacity to summon a county meeting , and had , moreover , assured him that he entirely approved the sentiments which had dictated it , though prevented by his official duties from concurring in his public capacity to promote the object of the meeting . And here , perhaps , it would not be irrelevant to animadvert on the exultation with which the right hon . baronet , surrounded as he was by the friends of liberty and toleration and emancipation , had stated the refusal of that place to the Protestants , to assemble in and embody their opinions in a Petition to the legislature , from which the Catholics had been frequently permitted to issue their resolutions and menaces . But to 732 proceed with a statement of what occurred at the meeting , a cry for adjournment was , at the commencement of the proceedings , immediately set up , in which a number of Catholics who had obtained admission were , of course , not slow to join ; and , in consequence , though the persons who had met for the purpose of petitioning , only desired leave to express their sentiments , no such leave would be granted . The majority of the Protestants then left the room , and the persons who remained voted a person into the chair , and proceeded to pass resolutions , of which , he believed , they were afterwards very much ashamed . Of the persons who had subscribed , many did so under the influence of menaces used by their landlords for the purpose of compelling them to do so , and