, that either that measure must be carried , or the House must abandon its appellate jurisdiction . Which was the more constitutional course , it needed no argument to point out . The greatest grievances and hardships to parties arose from the delay in hearing appeals in that House , and the only effectual remedy he conceived to be , to give assistance to the Lord Chancellor in the Court of Chancery , in order to enable that noble and learned lord to sit in the House of Lords , at times when at present he was required to sit in the Court of Chancery . It was also of importance that some measure should be adopted to compel the attendance of peers , during the mornings for three or four days in the week , in order to the hearing and deciding upon appeals with a due regard to the functions of the House , and the interests of suitors . His lordship moved that the Appeal in question should be taken into consideration on the first day after the recess . urged the great importance of deciding upon this Appeal as speedily as possible , as it involved in a great degree the existence of Portsmouth harbour . was perfectly aware of the importance of the case to the public service , and was anxious that some arrangement might be adopted with a view to its speedy decision . He proposed , therefore , that the hearing should commence on the first day after next term , at ten o'clock in the morning , and that the Lords should be summoned during each day of its progress . As to himself , whether in or out of office , he would certainly attend . With regard to the Bill for the appointment of a Vice-Chancellor , he had cautiously abstained from saying any thing upon it , being satisfied , that although it must be admitted that the Bill had reference only to a Chancellor , and not to the Chancellor , still that what fell from him upon the subject , would be received with a certain degree of prejudice . He would , however , say this much , that 246 he would not hare suffered the measure to have gone on to its ultimate stage , had he not been thoroughly convinced of its absolute necessity , for the assistance of suitors in that House . rose and addressed the House nearly as follows : —Sir ; the question to which I am about to call the attention of the House appears to me one of too much importance to be for a moment withheld from its consideration . I evinced my sense of this importance by taking the earliest day possible to give notice of a motion with respect to it , and I should have certainly brought it forward on that day if I had consulted only my own feelings ; but an application having 249 been made to me by a noble lord opposite , who wished the business to be postponed , oh grounds which appeared reasonable , I acquiesced in that wish , and the matter has stood over from the early day of the session which I first fixed upon till the present time . But if the papers , Sir , for which I shall now move , are refused , I shall have reason to regret my acquiescence , for there are several persons now unavoidably absent who would have supported my motion , if brought forward on the day originally fixed ; and I shall have reason to impale to the noble lord , as a motive for delay , merely the wish to resist me by a greater majority than he could have presented without it . I trust and believe , however , that the delay was not requested with this view ; but for the sufficient reasons then assigned by the noble lord . It will be in the recollection of several members present who belonged to the former parliament , that in the course of last session I called the attention