hon . friend , I shall give it my cordial support . said , that the House had heard from the right hon . baronet who had addressed them last but one , the character of the petitioners , whose claims they were called on to consider . To the testimony of that right hon . baronet , he was willing to add any weight which his opinion might carry with it . He should not , perhaps , have thought it necessary to have addressed the House ; but , entertaining the opinions he did on this subject , and standing , as he did , in a public situation , he conceived himself bound to state the grounds on which he intended to give his vote that evening . In giving that vote , he would be a traitor to his own feelings , a traitor to the cause which he supported , and a traitor to his country , if he gave to the sentiments of any man a greater degree of importance than they intrinsically deserved , abstracted from every 868 personal consideration . He felt in opposition to what had fallen from an hon . gentleman last night , that it was a fortunate circumstance that the question had been left , at the conclusion of the last session of the last parliament , as it had been . By this means it permitted gentlemen , who were favourable to the Catholic Claims ; to remain in connection with those to whom they were , by their public duties , as well as by their private feelings , attached.—Such a moderate course of proceeding he hoped would produce , either on that night , or on any future night , when the question should be decided , a fortunate result to the motion of the right hon . gentleman . It was fortunate that they did not come to it as a party question ; it was fortunate that they did not come to it as a question , the decision of which would bring triumph to one party or to another ; but as a question deeply interesting to the general welfare of the empire . Fortunately it had been treated in this manner—for if it had been introduced in any other , such an introduction must have tended to its defeat . The right hon . baronet ( sir John Stewart ) had observed , that he coincided in all that fell from the right hon . mover , and had entered into so warm a description of his Catholic countrymen , as he ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) could not help considering as a prelude to his approbation of the present motion . But , with a degree of inconsistency , which he never before witnessed in parliament , that right hon . baronet had called the House back to the proscription of the Catholic parliament of Ireland . The right hon . baronet had called the House back to those acts which he ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) did not wish to bring to their remembrance . But , the right hon . baronet should have recollected , that they were not asked to decide on the conduct of the Catholics of that day.—He differed from an hon . general ( Mathew ) who had spoken of the Roman Catholics as having faithfully and loyally adhered to king James , and being absolved from any blame in so doing . He neither regretted the battle of the Boyne , nor lamented over the Revolution ; but still he thought that the claims of the Roman Catholics should not be neglected ; when he saw , that a conscientious spirit , however mistaken , bound them to the throne of James , although he might lament the course which they had pursued , still he would never agree in the proposition , that the manes of the acts passed by the Catholic parliament of Ireland , were to be conjur- 869 ed up to deter that House from granting concession at the present time.—The right hon . baronet had stated , that they knew