the House would not tolerate suspicions or doubts , where none whatever existed , by adopting the motion of the hon . gentleman . said , that if the motion had been merely for a production of papers , he should not have taken any part in the debate , for there were circumstances which would make it extremely improper in him to state any opinion upon the conduct of her royal highness the Princess of Wales , but the motion conveyed a strong censure on the proceedings which took place in 1806 , and , knowing what he did of those proceedings , he could not in justice to the persons concerned in them remain silent . He believed that no impartial man who was acquainted with the manner in which that Inquiry was instituted , and the mode in which it was conducted , could think that any blame was imputable to those concerned in it . 1141 In November , 1805 , he received the commands of the Prince of Wales to attend him at Carlton House , and his Royal Highness upon that occasion informed him , that he was desirous of consulting him on a matter of great importance to himself ( the Prince ) to his family , and to the state ; that it was by the advice of lord Thurlow that his Royal Highness had selected him to advise with and his Royal Highness either said in express words , or conveyed by what he said , the impression that what had principally determined that he ( sir S. Romilly ) should be advised with , was that he was not connected in any manner with the Prince , and that he was wholly unconnected with politics . His Royal Highness then stated the information which he had received respecting the conduct of the Princess of Wales , and the manner in which it had been communicated to him , and told him ( sir S. Romilly ) that the information should be put into writing , and delivered to him , in order that he might give his opinion and advice upon it . Soon afterwards the written information , with certain other documents , were put into his hands : he considered them with all the attention and anxiety which their great importance demanded , and in a letter which he addressed to his Royal Highness , he stated the impression which they had made on him , with his reasons , at considerable length . After this , he knew that the Prince had caused means to be taken to ascertain , as far as was possible , the truth or falshood of the statement which had been made to him , and those means were , as he believed , adopted at the suggestion of lord Thurlow . While those matters were depending , Mr. Pitt died , and in consequence of his death a total change took place in the administration . In that change he was appointed Solicitor General , and some time afterwards he again saw the Prince on the subject of the Princess 's conduct , and by his Royal Highness 's command waited on lord Thurlow , who told him that he thought the information much too important to remain without any step being taken on it ; that it ought to be communicated to the ministers ; and that in his opinion it had already remained too long in the Prince 's possession unproceeded on . On the same day he delivered this message to the Prince , and immediately , or very shortly after , the matter was communicated to some of the ministers , and his Majesty 1142 was pleased , under his sign manual , to authorise the four privy counsellors who have been named , to enquire into the truth of the representations which had been made , and report their opinion on them . Several meetings then took place for the examination of the witnesses , at which no person was present besides the four Commissioners and himself , and the only office he had to discharge