they would be less secure if the office were confined to his right hon . friend ; indeed , the public could have no better security than his integrity and his honour . He trusted when the House considered that the increase of responsibility was not less than 12,000,000l . and that the hon . gentleman in 1806 , when he was in office , had voted the estimates without any such objection as that now brought forward—they would see sufficient ground for rejecting his proposal . There were two paymasters in 1806 , when the hon . gentleman 's own friends were in power ; and if he was of opinion , that , at present one was quite sufficient , it was saying , that one of the present ministry was equal to two of their predecessors . admitted , that in the Committee alluded to , the abolition of one of the pay masterships was recommended ; but that office was not under the same circumstances as the paymastership of widows ' pensions . The latter was an office in the gift of the crown , the abolition of which had been frequently recommended to parliament . He denied that there was a real excess in the expence of the department at all equal to what had been staled by the hon . gentleman . As to the office of paymaster of the forces , the emoluments had been nearly as high as at present for a century . The salary of paymaster of the forces had not been at all increased . In the year 1715 , when the office was held by the earl of Lincoln , the emolument of the office was 3,730l . a year , and so it continued to 1782 , when Mr. Burke brought in his Bill to regulate the army pay office . By this Bill in 1783 the fees were abolished—the emoluments of the office taken away—and in consideration of the responsibility incurred , the salary settled at 4,000l . per annum : In the Committee on sinecure places , in 1797 , it had been particularly referred to the Committee to report whether any reduction could be made , and after full inquiry into the nature of the office , and the labours attached to it , their report was , that the salary of paymaster could not be reduced without injury to the public service . If it were objected that the responsibility and the labour were not proportioned , he could assure the House that independent of responsibility there were other circumstances which added considerably to the labour . When he came into the office , he found an arrear of 25 years standing , for in truth no account had been passed through the audit office since the time of the passing of Mr. Burke 's Bill . That gentleman , however great his talents in other respects , was , perhaps , on that very account the least fitted of any man for the dry details of office . Since he came into the situation fourteen years accounts had been passed . To him , therefore , the office which had been called a sort of sinecure was no sinecure . Since the adoption of the new system in that office the home accounts for 1809 , 10 and 11 , had been passed , and those for 1812 were now in progress . The foreign accounts were in the same state of forwardness . The result of the plan at present pursued was , that no irregularity or arrear could arise without the knowledge of the auditors of public 1178 accounts . He could assure the House , that since he held the situation he had been never absent from it more than one week together . Such an office could not be thought to be considered a sinecure . It was said that the whole of the business fell upon him ; he could however assure them that whenever there was occasion his noble friend offered to share the labour . Although the same sort of attendance was not necessary for