to go into a committee , to consider if any securities can be devised . When we go into a committee , the Catholics must be much more satisfied than if we refuse it . With respect to their refusal of the Veto—is it any answer to say , that in 1799 , they were willing to give up the Veto ? At one time a people are willing to pay for what afterwards , if gratuitously offered , they will spurn at . Were not the Catholics at one period in the exercise of all their rights ? And were not the restrictions , under which they labour , imposed for temporary purposes ? Give them back , then , I say , that part of their rights , of which they remain deprived , now that the circumstances , which gave rise to the restrictions , are no more . Before I sit down , I wish to call the attention of the under Secretary of State for the Home Department to a certain subject . In a former part of my speech I took occasion to notice the numerous placards and hand-bills that are distributed in all quarters , and the great endeavours which were making to inflame the minds of the people , and to bring about a revival of all the gross and calumnious charges against the Catholics which it was possible for the malignity of man to invent . Now , in a paper published every three weeks , under the authority of the Secretary of State , called `` The Hue and Cry , '' containing chiefly proclamations for the discovery of robbers and deserters , ( and the list is numerous without including the politicians , ) an account was lately given of the fire at Sidney College , Cambridge , in which account , after noticing the diabolical nature of the crime , and indulging in some conjectures respecting the incendiary , it is observed , that , `` it must not be supposed that there are any Romanists about the College . '' Another article in the same paper , alluding to the Popish struggle for dominion , concludes in this way : `` It is a nuisance , and ought to be put an end to—the blood of every Christian is frozen , at the bare-faced lust of eye and pride of heart of these people . '' I wish to know , Sir , what the right hon . Under Secretary will say to the appearance of such articles in this publication . I wish to know whether these infamous 961 paragraphs come from the pen of any person employed by the noble viscount at the head of the Home Department . For if this be not contradicted , it would seem , that the Catholics are held up , under the authority of the Secretary of State , as the authors of every thing that is infamous . Really , Sir , such articles remind me of the writings in the time of Bedloe and of Oates ; the man who could write in this manner would have been a fit person to have written the inscription on the Monument , which 'Pointing to the skies , 'Like a tall bully , lifts its head , and lies . ' I anticipate , Sir , that we shall have the support of the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , and that a large majority of the House will vote for going into the committee ; but even if there should not be that majority , I exhort the Catholics not to despair ; for ultimately they will have the court with them ; and when it is known that the court is favourable to their claims , the passing of the measure will be as easy as that of the Toleration Bill was last year . Then , I am sure , the Church will readily acquiesce ; then , to use the expression of an honourable baronet , those with mitres on their heads , and those with mitres in their heads , will