the House of Hanover . Their petitions upon the present occasion had been accelerated in consequence of what had been stated by right reverend prelates and other lords , that petitions which they presented against the Catholic claims had been signed by Protestant dissenting ministers and Protestant dissenters . They were therefore anxious to make known their sentiments in favour of general religious liberty , that it might not be supposed that they participated in the opinions of a contrary description thus stated to have been expressed by others . presented a petition in favour of the Catholic claims , from the nobility , gentry , and freeholders of the county of Flint . adverted to the petition already presented , which had been agreed upon at a county meeting of Flintshire , with only two dissentient voices , and stated that , subsequently , with a view to obtain this counter petition , the greatest exertions had been used by the agents of earl Grosvenor to procure the signatures to it of persons dependent upon his lordship and in his employ . They had for this purpose resorted to threats , and in particular two individuals had been threatened with being turned out of their farms , and dismissed from his lordship 's employ , if they did not sign the petition . said , he knew nothing of the circumstances alluded to by the noble lord . The petition had been handed to him , the noble earl alluded to not being able to attend . stated , that he had intimated to earl Grosvenor his intention of stating the facts connected with the manner of obtaining signatures to this petition , if that noble earl should present it . He disclaimed any intention of imputing to the noble earl who now presented the petition , any knowledge of the circumstances to which he had alluded . rose and said , that as the hon . gentleman opposite had cleared the gallery , he should not bring forward his motion that night , but reserve to himself the right of renewing it on any future occasion . said , that whenever the hon . gentleman did renew his motion , he should feel it to be his duty again to move the standing order for clearing the gallery . wished to be informed by 1107 his Majesty 's ministers , whether it was their intention to bring forward any motion on the subject of the Letter addressed by her royal highness the Princess of Wales to the Speaker , and which had been communicated to the House ? said , it was his intention to avail himself of the first opportunity to give such explanations as his duty required from him . It would not , however , be taking a fair part towards her Royal Highness , if after throwing herself on the House as she had done , he should originate any question . It was a singular situation in which her Petition stood , if there was no individual in the House to explain the nature of her complaint , and to propose some remedy for it . If any person was prepared to come forward , then it would be for the House to determine what course it was most proper for it to pursue . He was certainly the last person who could be charged with that task , but he should have no reluctance to explain such matters as his duty would allow him to speak of on a proper occasion . said , he was surprised that the noble lord did not , on the day the Letter from the Princess of Wales was read to the House , give notice of some motion on so important a proceeding ; it was due to her Royal Highness , to the House , and to the public , that some investigation should follow such an appeal as had been made to them . No similar application was ever placed on the table without some proceeding suitable to its degree of importance . He did not know that the noble lord , or