noble friend , and agree to have the Bill passed for a short period ? said , that several branches of the present question must remain for discussion on some future occasion , but he was not aware of any circumstances which could possibly happen within the limited period which had been mentioned that could tend to render the present measure unnecessary . was sincerely sorry for the cause which prevented the hon . gentleman , who was a great authority on these subjects , from delivering his sentiments on the present occasion , which appeared the regular period for discussing the principle of the Bill . He certainly thought that there was something in this Bill so inconsistent with the resolutions upon which it was founded , that he thought the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the House , should be somewhat ashamed of first resolving that gold and paper were equal in public estimation , and then passing a law to force the public to act as if they were really of equal value in their estimation . He certainly considered that the act which had been passed 236 last session had done great violence to the property of landlords , whose estates had been let out on long leases . The effect of it was , that the landlord was to receive less , and the farmer to pay less , than what was contracted for , although the farmer was also to have all the advantages of the depreciation , by an increased price on every thing which his farm produced . The fact was , that when lord King issued that notice to his tenants , which had been so much canvassed , he required of his tenants either to pay him in gold according to the contract , or else in Bank-paper at a rate stated in the notice , which was less in fact , than he would be entitled to according to the fair value . A great deal had been said , by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , about public estimation . The right hon . gentleman was a grave man , and delivered his opinions in a grave manner ; yet nothing could be more ludicrous than his assertion , that in all transactions where men were not inclined to incur the penalties of the law , the bank note and guinea were of equal value . Let that right hon . gentleman go , if he could disguise himself sufficiently—as he had desired him ( Mr. W. ) to turn informer , though he would not himself inform about his friend the Jew—let him go into any shop , and he would find that a shop-keeper would give 5s. , worth more of goods for a guinea than for a note and a shilling . In the estimation of such a person—in the estimation of the Jew , —and in the estimation of the buyer of light guineas mentioned by his hon . friend , it was clear that the two things were not reckoned equivalent . Some persons , indeed said , that bank notes were superior to guineas , because they could not be hoarded in the same manner , for instance , in an invasion , and thus check the means of purchasing necessaries . This was true . People hoarded what was valuable , and what , if re-produced , would demand an equivalent ; whereas in an invasion , Bank-notes , whether above ground , or below it , would be of equal value , —that was of no value at all . An hon . gentleman had argued as if this Bill had been the cause of our maintenance of the Spanish struggle , and had carried lord Wellington through the campaign : whereas , in fact , the Bill was not passed till the end of the year 1811 , when it came , forced upon the unwilling ministers , from the other House , like a clap of thunder . But had it filled the military chest of lord Wellington ?