I beg here again to profess great respect for the petitioners . I hope the time is not far distant when the Catholics and Protestants shall be one people , and when they will act together against a common enemy in a common cause . But what is the proposal of these petitioners ? To exclude for ever a great portion of their fellow subjects from the constitution . This is a pretty strong proposal . Why do they 761 make it ? Because the Catholics are traitors and murderers . It is a proposal to exclude no fewer than one-fifth of the whole population of your empire from all political influence . I say if you allow these things to go on—if you do not put a stop to this torrent of contumely , you will scold these unfortunate men out of all connection with you . But it becomes the Commons House of Parliament to consider , not whether any causes of discord unfortunately exist , but whether you have the elements of concord within your power . You say on the one part , that there are legitimate objections , and you enumerate the evils which may arise from the removal of the disqualification of the Catholics . But a great portion of the Protestants of Ireland have not seen those evils . They have petitioned in favour of the Catholics . I have a book filled with their names in my pocket . I know that it will be said again , that the Catholics insist on conditions . I will not take this argument—you , the Parliament , are to frame your Bill , and to propose your conditions—the Catholics do not see what security they ought to give—they say that they have already given every security ; though a synod of their bishops has declared that they have no indisposition to every mode of conciliation— ' We seek for nothing , ' say they , 'but the integrity of the Roman Catholic church ; ' but every thing which does not trench on the security of their church , or which is necessary for you , they are ready to grant you . They are against making their liberty a conditional boon ; they do not see the necessity of what you demand , but they will give you every security you think necessary , provided it does not derogate from the rights of their church . Then , I say , the privileges of the Catholics and the rights of the Protestant church are perfectly consistent , and parliament should find the means of reconciling them . Give me leave to say , as to the Anti-Catholic petitioners , that many of them do not profess themselves hostile to the principle , but anxious about the mode of extending those rights claimed by the Catholics . They do not say , 'exclude the Catholics , ' but do not admit the Catholics unless you take care of our religion . I do not say , that I am obliged to agree that the church of England is an enemy to the liberty of the Catholics—still less that the people of England are enemies to their liberty—so far from it , that I would 762 little fear to repose the question on their good sense and sober integrity . I do believe , that , if they thought their religion was safe , they would be among the warmest friends of the Catholics . The only point , then , is the security of the Protestant church , and , for that , they have pointed out the means—they have no right to say that they are the only judges of the conditions to be imposed , or who are to tell you that you can only save the church of England by denying their prayers to the Catholics of Ireland . You shall have declared , in the strongest manner , all the securities you can ask ; you shall have the crown and its succession confirmed , as fundamental , unalienable , and sacred ; you shall have the episcopal church of