it , to be rendered not removable from the service at a particular time ? Are they to be entitled to half pay ? They are not meant to have any privileges or advantages in the service which may militate against the law . It was neither the intention , nor 251 can it be the effect of the Order to give the officers of the German Legion any privileges or advantages inconsistent with the provisions of the Act under which they were serving . resumed . If that be the case , then the law is altogether nugatory ; it is a mere nothing : but the terms in which it is couched are manifestly inconsistent with the explanation given by the noble lord . As I before stated , the Order could not , if it were meant to do so , impugn the Act of Settlement , and overstep that act by which the German Legion was embodied ; but unquestionably the manner in which it was worded was extremely repugnant to the spirit of that act ; and for this , since the noble lord has dissipated my apprehensions of an injury to the constitution being meditated , I can only account by supposing , that the dictionary referred to at the War-office affords a greater variety of meanings to ordinary terms than any thesaurus of the language in common use . According to the explanation given by the noble lord , it might be supposed , that the ministers at the War-office considered the meaning of the words temporary and permanent to be the same , but until the War-office could transform the English language as they had transformed the English army , the true sense would be perfectly obvious to every man who had sense to comprehend any thing . It appears , then , Sir , by his statement , that here is an advantage and no advantage ; a boon is granted to the officers of the German Legion , and the reason assigned for it is , their distinguished and meritorious conduct when brought to act against the enemy.— '' In consideration , '' says the Gazette , `` of the King 's German Legion having so frequently distinguished themselves against the enemy , particularly in the recent battle of Salamanca ! `` —And this is certainly what would justify a boon of no ordinary magnitude ; yet when this mighty reward comes to be examined it turns out to be one of a most unsubstantial nature ; one with which , if the officers of the German Legion be satisfied , we can not sufficiently admire their moderation . The noble lord would answer , perhaps , with equal intelligibility , that this was meant as a reward for meritorious service , but what boon was it to tell a man that something should be bestowed upon him , which , from a positive enactment , could never be realized ? The Order states , that his Royal Highness , 252 in the name and on behalf of his Majesty , has been pleased to confer permanent rank on the officers of the German Legion , who had hitherto only enjoyed temporary rank . Why , Sir , none of them had any thing but temporary rank . The corps itself is but temporary ; and here , Sir , I shall take the opportunity of stating a curious fact connected with the present subject , and which will show how unreasonable it would be to grant that privilege to the officers of the German Legion which I was led to apprehend had been granted to them ; It is a rule in the service , that even natives who enter it as officers in any but the lowest rank , can not be promoted or have more than temporary rank , and sir Thomas Graham , who lately received the thanks of this House , having entered the service as a colonel , is a memorable instance of the truth of this fact . Officers of this description receive no promotion , but remain in the situation in which