that the Catholics must be rendered eligible to promotion ; they had had an admission that the bar could not remain as it was , but that the Catholics must be allowed to partake of the honours as well as the emoluments of that profession.—They had the further admission , that the Catholics were so far advanced in light and knowledge , that even if nothing of all this should be now done , the question must at no distant period come under the consideration of parliament . They had the powerful admission of his hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Wilberforce ) who , for the first time this night , bad taken a part in the debate , and whose opinion was the more valuable from its conscientiousness and the deliberation upon which it had been perhaps not fearlessly formed , that to Catholics the doors of that House should be opened . Was he not , therefore , entitled to say that the friends of Catholic concession had that night reaped the fruits of the long and frequent discussions which the subject had undergone ; and that the question stood in a more favourable point of view than could have been anticipated a fortnight ago by the 1248 most sanguine imagination . The only effective opposition to the vote was made on grounds which , if tenable , would be futile , but which were as futile as they were untenable . This was the objection to the form of proceedings . If the right hon . gentleman had brought forward his Bill in the first instance , they would have turned round on him , and told him as Mr. Mitford had been told by the Speaker in 1791 , when he introduced his Bill , that it was necessary that it should first be submitted to a committee . But it was said , that the right honourable gentleman ought to have been more full and explicit in his resolution . He approved of the present mode . Why , in the first instance , was he bound to throw out every possible suggestion in order to give footing to every possible objection , when there would be so many future opportunities of taking these points into consideration ? Besides , even if the right hon . gentleman meant to play false with the House , ( which could not for a moment be suspected ) , it was impossible that he could pass a measure though the House without the imposition of sufficient guards by those who would be jealous of such a proceeding . It was rather hard that he should be accused of not bringing forward his restrictions first : this would be to begin by driving the broad end of the wedge . His plan was not without precedent ; in 1793 , the preamble set forth a general sweeping repeal , and then the restrictions followed . Such would be the case now : and , indeed , from the course of parliamentary tactics , he must say that it was necessary that conciliation should be expressed in the preamble ; for if the restrictions were first voted , it might be feared that the conciliatory clauses would never follow . He thought it was wise not to detail the plan now , but rather leave it to the wisdom of the House to engraft such restrictions as might seem good and expedient . As to the measure of a select committee , he had no particular objection to it , but thought it ought not to be pressed in the present branch of the proceeding , as he could not consent to adopt it in lieu of the proposed resolution , to which he gave his hearty concurrence .