but it was absurd to expect constant success in war ; and he was sorry to observe , that on all occasions , we were too prone to be exalted or depressed beyond measure , by success , or partial failures . The fact was , that the campaign so much blamed , had driven the French from a great part of the western provinces of Spain , had forced them to evacuate the south , and to raise the siege of Cadiz , the capture of which they considered as of such importance in a military point of view , that they sat two years and a half before that place , regardless of every other advantage they might have obtained by concentrating their troops.—As to America , he would venture to assert , that , as in the first instance no means were neglected of preserving peace , so it would appear that no exertions had been wanting to prosecute the war when it was found inevitable . said , he wished to correct a mistake of the hon . gentleman who had moved the amendment—a mistake which had occasioned much misconception out of doors . His right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had never proposed a tax on capital , and from all the attention which he himself had given to the subject , he was convinced , that such a tax was altogether impracticable . A right reverend prelate ( the bishop of Llandaff ) had indeed written a pamphlet on the subject some years ago , but still , after the most mature consideration , he remained satisfied of the impossibility and impracticability of such a tax . deprecated the idea of making the miseries of the people the grounds of suing for peace , as it would debase the nation , raise the demands of the enemy , and abandon all the fruits of the struggle in which so much money and so much treasure had been lavished . Having said thus much , he trusted , on the other hand , that ministers would pay due regard to the , real sufferings of the people , and not let any opportunity escape by which they might procure a peace consistent with the honour , safety , and interests of the country . earnestly called upon the House to reflect upon the ruinous tendency of prosecuting the war with America . He believed that the two governments were decidedly hostile , while the 123 two nations were as decidedly pacific . He lamented to see the person at the head of the government guided so implicitly by his enmity to the United States . This might be a bold assertion , but he was not afraid to declare what he sincerely thought . warmly resisted the statement of the noble lord , that there was any irritation in the illustrious person at the head of the government towards the Amecan people . The Speech delivered only yesterday contradicted the assertion , for it breathed only a spirit of amity and conciliation . explained , that he had been misunderstood ; he had no such allusion as the hon . and learned gentleman had imputed to him . resumed ; he was satisfied that he had been mistaken , and that the noble lord did not mean what he had erroneously attributed to him . He would not enter into minute points , but he would assert in opposition to the noble lord , that an equal spirit of irritation did not prevail in the two governments ; on the contrary , a friendly disposition had ever been displayed by the government of Great Britain . The statement of our wrongs was not intended to irritate , but to conciliate by conviction . For his own part , however much he might be interested in the discussion of the question of America , he entertained no personal feeling of irritation , but the Orders in Council he had defended with his tongue and his pen—and he could appeal to authorities across the Atlantic , for testimonies of his moderate and