they had deserved it . With regard to Russia , he professed to know nothing . They might be a barbarous , a semi-barbarous , or a civilized people , as they had been variously represented ; but of this he was sure , that they had evinced feelings of which every civilized nation ought to be proud ; feelings which neither philosophy nor refinement could teach , an invincible attachment to their native country . He could not forbear , on that head , paying his just tribute of applause to the Russians of all classes ; to the government , to the army , and to the people ; for all had vied with each other in sacrificing every thing for their country . How the contest might terminate he could not foresee , and , perhaps , he was not so sanguine as other people in his hopes of a successful issue ; but this he was ready to acknowledge , that Russia had done more than was expected from her . She had done enough to disappoint sorely the invader , and to exceed all expectations which had been formed from the bravery of her hardy sons.—On the question of peace , as proposed in the Amendment , he was sorry , as he was at all times , to differ from his hon . friend . He was as desirous for peace as any man in England , could he see any way by which it could be attained ; but the proposition of his hon . friend , if adopted , would go to put that desired blessing still farther from our reach ; it would naturally raise the demands of the enemy , especially as the sufferings of the people formed the principal reason his hon . friend adduced to support his proposition . France would then say , the English government does not wish for peace , but the House of Commons forces them to it , owing to the misery of the people—let us keep up our demands , and we must have them on our own terms . He believed there was scarcely an instance , except during the American war , where parliament interfered , and made a peremptory call on government , or on the ministers of the crown to offer terms of peace . But these things did not stand on the same footing then as they did in the present instance . The war was not then a war between two independant countries , but between this country and a distant part of her own possessions , 110 the inhabitants of which were anxious to procure their independence ; and by acceding to whose wishes , our monarch must have alienated a great part of his own sovereignty . He doubted much if a king could make such an alienation of his territorial dominions , without the advice of his parliament . An alienation of territory naturally and necessarily required the advice of parliament , to give it validity ; and he did not believe that any minister would have ventured on such a measure , without the advice and consent of parliament.—But he would detain the House no further on this subject . As to the other objects of the Amendment , to obtain information on the different topics in the Speech , he thought this might easily be obtained in a less objectionable way , and on the whole he should vote against the Amendment . All the objects referred to in the Speech , and in the proposed Address of the noble lord , would require , and would undoubtedly receive further discussion and enquiry ; and he hoped to see his hon . friend employ those great abilities he possessed , in the investigation of each individually . The state of our relations with America , and the causes which had led to it , particularly ; and also the Treaty with Sweden , he hoped to see discussed in their proper place . This day , however , he saw no reason why the Answer to the Speech from the throne