for a participation in constitutional rights ; and these who made this assertion , stated , that no such doctrine was to be found in the Scriptures . He would ask of those persons , how long it was since they had read St. Athanasius 's Creed ? —It was really something extraordinary that they should in direct terms declare that doctrine , which they preached , and were bound to preach , was no where to be found in the Scriptures . Yet such was the statement contained in the Petition from the archdeacon and clergy of Buckinghamshire , now lying on the table . For these tenets held by particular churches , from the speculative doctrines of religion , and from the dogmas laid down in books , he thought the legislature , on considering this question , would do much more wisely to make their appeal to the practical doctrines of the Catholic church , as actually carried into effect , and as operating on the conduct of states professing that faith . There * See Howell 's State Trials , vol , 15 , p. 94 . 885 fore , instead of examining what was decreed in the council of Lateran or of Constance , it was far better to see what , in the present day , was the practice of Roman Catholic countries—and to investigate , whether they could perceive , in the conduct of great Roman Catholic governments , a recognition of those obnoxious principles which were represented as rendering men unfit to enjoy what were considered privileges , by some persons , but which he contemplated as rights—rights , which , if at all narrowed or restricted , should be thus dealt with only where danger to the state was plainly proved . They were all agreed , that the communication of any right , must , in the first instance , be guided by the great principle of safety to the state . But , if it could be proved that no danger would arise to the state from its exercise—if it appeared that the danger apprehended , existed only in the idea of individuals—if it were evident that there was no solid ground for dreading any ill effects from granting the rights demanded—then they were not justified in continuing to narrow and restrict those rights , which every man was entitled to claim . In taking this view of the subject , it would be necessary to enquire , whether in Europe such a state of things could not be pointed out as fully supported the position he had laid down . In doing this , the attention was at once arrested by the case of Hungary , to which his right hon . friend had alluded on the first night of the debate ; and which he had himself noticed , in the debate on the Catholic Claims , in 1809 . That case exactly corresponded , both as to previous situation , and the tranquillizing effect which the liberal conduct pursued had on the nation in general , with the question now under consideration . On former occasions , when instances , had been adduced from the slates of Switzerland , it was observed , that the system of admitting the members of every religion to a participation in civil rights , might do very well in a small , diminutive republic , but would not answer as a rule for a great population in a country like this . That objection , however , could not be urged against Hungary , which contained 7 millions of people . That country was for many years divided into contending sects—the Lutherans and Calvinists being almost equal to the members of the predominant religion , which was the Roman Catholic . During several centuries , the experiment was made in Hungary , of what might be done by exclude- 886 ing from the privileges of the constitution , that great body composed of those two sects , the Lutherans and Calvinists . The result was , that during the whole period to which he had alluded , the country was