that which was considered dangerous in the hands of the sovereign , became safe when placed in the hands of one of his servants . Such , he conceived , would be the necessary operation of the Bill , which he felt it his duty to oppose , from the firm conviction , that it would impair the purity of the administration of equity , and pervert the integrity of the dispensation of justice . He hoped and trusted , therefore , that the House would agree to the amendment proposed by the hon . gentleman who had preceded him . observed that the light manner in which the question was taken up , appeared to his mind not at all consistent with the weight and magnitude of the subject . From the consideration of the facts contained in the reports , and which other gentlemen had not perhaps brought into a proper focus for their observation , it appeared to him important to draw the attention of the House to the magnitude of the evil which it was the object of the present Bill to remedy . The delay that necessarily followed from the over pressure of public business was acknowledged to be so great as to amount , in some cases , to a denial of justice . This was a grievance to which no British subject ought to be exposed . Let them look to the state of the case . There were not less than 273 appeals now depending before the high and supreme tribunal of the country , one of which was hanging over , without decision , for not less than 20 years ; seven for 11 years ; 39 for above seven years ; and 77 for above five years . From a calculation made in 1810 , the average number of Appeals decided annually was 10 , and , on that principle , what with new Appeals , it would take 46 years before the whole could be disposed of . This denial of jus- 477 tice was dreadful ; yet it had been known to that House for two years , and no proposal had been made to apply a remedy by those gentlemen who opposed the present measure . If any gentleman then present was at all inclined to commiseration , it must be called forth in such cases , in which might be involved the dearest interests of whole families , and in which , after trying every mode of settlement , it was , after all , at the option of any opponent to embark in a contention , in which at least 20 years might elapse under an incapacity of knowing whether the fortune for which he contended , however justly , was to come to a man or not . In the supreme court of judicature the evil was much greater than in any of the inferior courts . It appeared from the same return to which he alluded , that the Appeals entered amounted to not less than 405 , and that an increase of 204 had taken place within 10 years . If the business were allowed to go on in this manner , it would have this effect , that Appeals would never be brought upon fair and reasonable grounds ; but that any party , desirous of delay , could adopt no better means for that object , than by having recourse to an Appeal . It was impossible to state a case which called more loudly for a remedy . The evil was allowed to exist ; and yet the remedy proposed for it was opposed , and no other offered as a substitute . If gentlemen were so very inimical to the appointment of a Vice-Chancellor , he would ask what substitute had they to propose ? They could not propose that judges , who had already more than an adequate task to perform in their respective courts , should be the substitutes for the Chancellor . When he considered the intense application , the great labours , and the eminent talents requisite to fulfil the duties of those who