of our glorious constitution—give them but a common cause and a common interest to defend , and , in the hour of danger , Ireland will not be then a vulnerable point . The hearts and the hands of Irishmen never had been , nor ever would be , backward in the defence of our rights . The violent language of the Catholic meetings had been urged as an objection to their claims . Did our ancestors , then , assert their liberties in such cool and temperate language ? Was it in human nature not to feel some degree of warmth when the happiness or misery of 941 our country was at stake ? He was not one of those , who , on a question involving in its issue the fate of millions , could descend to that cold criticism which would analyze every sentiment and weigh every period . Under this impression he should vote for any measure that had for its object the relief of his Catholic countrymen . : Sir ; I have had so many opportunities of delivering my sentiments on the subject of the Roman Catholic claims , in former sessions , that I shall not trespass long upon the patience of the House : but as one of those who have uniformly opposed concession to those Claims , I am anxious that the grounds of that opposition be distinctly understood , and freed from those misconceptions which still prevail respecting them , and which have received some countenance from the speech of my honourable friend ( Mr. Ward ) who spoke last but one . I have never contended , that , by rejecting their claims at any particular time , the door is closed against the admission of them for ever . On the contrary , I have uniformly expressed my hope and expectation , that changes might take place in the situation of Europe ; that the Roman Catholics might , in time , emancipate themselves from that foreign spiritual bondage to which they are unfortunately subjected ; and from all the consequences to which that subjection necessarily leads ; and that such changes might make those concessions safe , which could not now be yielded without danger ; but that as long as the Pope , the head of the Roman Catholic church , exercised the destructive power which he does exercise , as of right , over the Roman Catholic bishops , the bishops over the priesthood , the priesthood over the Roman Catholic population , a power , not confined , as has been erroneously supposed , to mere points of faith , or spiritual doctrine , or speculative tenets , but extending over the most important civil and social concerns of life ; amongst others , the right of marriage , of descent , of legitimacy , of representation to personal property , or liability to debts , as resulting from marriage . As long as laws might be made , upon all these subjects , and many other , not less important , connected with them , by a foreign authority , in violation of the laws of the realm , and those laws enforced without the aid of any temporal process , by the penalties of any excom- 942 munication , a punishment affecting not merely the spiritual welfare , but the temporal rights and interests of all those who are exposed to it ; so long as this state of things remains , I shall remain , reluctantly , but unalterably , convinced , that the concessions , claimed by the Roman Catholics , can not be granted without danger , imminent and immediate danger , to the Protestant establishment in Ireland ; and with danger , though , perhaps , more remote , not less certain , to the Protestant establishment of this part of the empire . In this opinion I am supported by some of the most zealous advocates of the Roman Catholic claims ; by the right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) , and by an hon . baronet ( sir John Hippisley ) ;