to the Resolution now submitted to their consideration . The natural and obvious course for the House is to agree to it . It is for those who would dissuade them from so agreeing to state the grounds of their dissuasion . If , on former occasions , it has been matter of dispute on which side the burden of proof lay , on the present that dispute can not be maintained with any shew of reason . It might be matter of dispute in instances where some called for innovation in existing laws , and others resisted that call . But , in the present instance , the only question is , shall we redeem a pledge , given by the House of Commons to the country ? We stand committed to proceed , this session , to a consideration and settlement of what is called the Catholic Question ; to a settlement of it , at once conciliatory with respect to our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects , and consistent with the security , and conducive to the strength of the Protestant establishment in Church and State . This pledge , the last House of Commons gave to Protestants and Catholics , —to the united kingdom , and to the world . To set about redeeming this pledge is , I say , the natural and obvious course for the present House of Commons . The burden of the proof lies with those who would divert us from pursuing it . Considering , therefore , Sir , the present Resolution as the offspring of that , which I had the honour of submitting , last session , to the House , and the satisfaction of inducing the House to adopt , —I feel myself quite as much responsible for this Resolution , as the right hon . gentleman himself who has moved it , and quite as much interested for its success . I have , therefore , thought it my duty rather to wait to hear the objections , which might be urged against our following out the line of conduct which the Resolution of last year had laid down for us , than to overlay the debate with unnecessary and misplaced exhortations to do that , which , until the contrary should have been recommended to them , it was to be presumed that they must be disposed and determined to do . I am not unaware , Sir , that I am addressing a new parliament : and that this House 1043 is not , technically speaking , bound to redeem the pledge of the last House of Commons . But , on a matter of such high national importance , I may surely be allowed to hope that our conduct will be conformed to the dictates of morality and sound policy , rather than fettered by mere technical forms . This House of Commons has certainly the power of departing from the Resolution of last session ; that resolution is not absolutely binding upon us : but , in my humble opinion , we should not easily satisfy the country , —I hope we should not satisfy ourselves , —if we came to the determination to abandon a moral duty , because we might do so with impunity . Instances are not wanting , in which succeeding parliaments have adopted , and executed , with filial fidelity , the declared intentions and bequeathed trusts of their predecessors . It will be in the recollection of many who hear me , that , in the case of Mr. Hastings , it was held that the dissolution of parliament did not abate an impeachment instituted by the House of Commons . Would it not be strangely ungracious and impolitic to contend that , in all harsh and inquisitorial proceedings , we are studiously to guard against interruption by a dissolution : but that , in every thing of a milder and more agreeable nature , we are to invert the rule ; and to admit that proceedings of conciliation and kindness are defeated and annulled by a dissolution ; and are not to be resumed nor recommenced without