this horrible sentence was not now executed , the offender being hanged until dead , and his head being then cut off and exhibited to the spectators , a practice to his mind most exceptionable , when it was considered , that it was calculated to excite only disgust in some , compassion in others , and brutal apathy in a third class . Mr. Justice Blackstone had said , that the practice of embowelling had been discontinued , but it was well worthy of consideration , whether so shocking and ignominious an infliction ought to be left to the discretion of the executioner . The judges had not the power of remitting any part of this prescribed judgment , for in the case of captain Walcot * who was convicted , in the year 1683 , of being concerned in the Rye House Plot , the judgment was set aside upon appeal to the House of Lords , 8 William 3 , because , although the embowelling and burning had been directed , the words ipso vivente had been omitted . These expressions were pronounced by that high tribunal to be an essential part of the judgment , without which it had no legal validity whatever . It was argued , `` that never any judge was known to require that the man 's bowels should be burnt while he was alive , and that the same was impossible to be executed . '' To which it was answered , `` that to have bowels cut out while alive was the most severe part of the punishment , and therefore ought not to be omitted : that to pretend that the judgment could not be executed , was to arraign the wisdom and knowledge of all the judges and king 's counsel in all reigns : that the strict execution was not impracticable , ( sir William Garrow ) said he did not propose to enter at large into the question in this early stage ; but as he was not in parliament when his hon . and learned friend brought his Bills forward , 568 he hoped the House would indulge him while he made some general observations on the principles by which his hon . and learned friend appeared to be actuated , although he certainly did not mean to oppose his motion . He confessed himself totally unprepared to speak on the subject of punishment in cases of high treason , as he had not understood before that this would form a part of the propositions of his hon . and learned friend , yet he would say that the barbarous punishment so loudly and pathetically complained of , was merely nominal ; and as to the corruption of blood , it had been devised to deter men from committing such a heinous crime , for it was well known that individuals whom no human or divine law could keep in bounds , were restrained from crime by the consideration of the fate which awaited their helpless orphans . As to the first proposition of his hon . and learned friend , he certainly agreed , that if the obligation of strictly interpreting and literally enforcing the provision of the criminal law were imposed on the judges , no one man would accept an office which would convert the assizes into shambles . But if discretion must be vested somewhere , where could it be so safely reposed as with the judges of the land ? always reserving , too , an appeal to the fountain of mercy—an appeal which , whenever good cause could be shewn in support of it , bad never been made in vain . With respect to the alleged necessity and severity of transportation , he might be permitted to say a few words ; and possibly he could not do better than to relate what had come under his own immediate observation . He had at times been called upon to assist the judges at assizes . In one instance a man had been tried for stealing a piece of timber in the night time , and bad been convicted