did any one display more ardour , intrepidity , and gallantry . His soldiers knew this , and combining that knowledge with his resplendent talents , what a confidence , he maintained , must it tend to excite throughout the whole army ; a confidence highly advantageous to the cause in which we were engaged . He therefore cordially approved of the motion . 144 His Royal Highness the Duke of CLARENCE , seeing only one man belonging to his Majesty 's navy in the House , except himself , thought himself called upon , under these circumstances , to offer his tribute of applause to the marquis of Wellington , and the brave army under his command . He had always wished that our men should have an opportunity of distinguishing themselves by land as well as by sea , in order to shew the world that they were the same on both elements . From the moment that lord Wellington went to Spain they had had that opportunity , —and the result was , that they surpassed all the actions recorded in the military annals of this , or any other country , within the memory of man . The difficulties which the duke of Marlborough had to contend with , were nothing compared with those against which the marquis of Wellington had to struggle . The duke of Marlborough was then the favourite of the court , and had means amply supplied him , and great diversions made in his favour . The marquis of Wellington , except during the short stand made by Austria , and the present effort by Russia , had always had almost the whole of the enormous power of France to oppose in the field . It must afford the highest satisfaction to the country that the army had such a commander as the marquis of Wellington , both on account of his own great talents , and the example which he furnished to others . He had done what had never been equalled , except , perhaps , in the Roman History . After so much had been said on this subject by others , he did not feel himself called upon to say any thing farther , than that he fully acknowledged the merits of the marquis of Wellington , and gave his hearty assent to the proposition submitted to their lordships . felt proud and gratified by all that occurred in the course of the present debate . He should not now intrude on their lordships at any length , —he should not have intruded on them at all , but from the natural wish to give the tribute of a brother 's feelings to a brother 's praise . The noble earl had said , that only the highest powers of eloquence , chastened by the purest taste , could aspire to an adequate eulogy of his great talents ; but he could assure the noble earl , that at the very moment when he disclaimed his own power to pronounce such an eulogy , he had , in fact , discharged it in a manner honourable to himself , honourable to the country , 145 and in the highest degree just to the exalted object of it . He would offer no apology to their lordships for presenting himself to them on the present occasion ; he was satisfied they all felt nearly the same sentiments as himself ; for , ( if he might use so bold an expression ) they were all attached to the noble general by blood ; they all , perhaps , had relations under his command , and they had heard the testimony of a father 's heart as to the parental tenderness shewn by lord Wellington to the flower of the British army . If the merits of the great general could have a higher and more eloquent enlogium than that pronounced by the noble Secretary of State , it would be that bestowed by the noble peer ( lord Somers ) near him . There could have been but one feeling in the House , when that noble person