throne , were perfectly justified in the step which they took on that occasion . Considering , Sir , that the House has been exhausted by so much previous business , I will not dwell longer on the subject , nor do I conceive it to be 716 necessary : `` in rebus non dubiis argumentum non necessarium . '' But I can not help making one further observation before I sit down , which is , that it appears to be the intention to keep the crown always in a state of pupilage to the oligarchy in this House ; for in the Regency Act to which I have so often adverted , it was provided , that , in the event of its being necessary to appoint another regency , the House shall meet and take the proper steps for that purpose . My object is to prevent the necessity of this , and to put it beyond the power of the two Houses of Parliament to render the royal authority subservient to their will , and to parcel it out as they may think proper . I shall conclude , Sir , with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill , to provide against any interruption of the exercise of the royal authority , in the event of the death of his royal highness the Prince Regent , during the continuance of his Majesty 's malady . '' seconded the motion . highly approved of the open and candid manner in which the hon . baronet had submitted his motion to the House . The hon . baronet had rested it on a few plain propositions , and had very properly kept out of view every thing not connected with his subject . It would not , therefore , be necessary for him to take up much of the time of the House , in stating the reasons why it appeared to him that the suggestions of the hon . baronet ought not to be adopted . The hon . baronet had , in his opinion , stated the difficulties to which they had been formerly reduced in much too strong colours . It appeared to him , that the discussion of the subject was altogether unnecessary , and that therefore it ought to be avoided . It would be impossible to agitate the question , without raising again all the passions which the question had formerly called into action . This was not a desirable object , and the matter ought to be allowed to rest till the necessity of the case should call for it . When that necessity should arise , the House would again , upon a review of all the circumstances , exercise a sound discretion . No general fixed provision had ever been made against the event of such a malady as that by which his present Majesty was visited : nor had any one been pointed out as the person with whom the royal authority should rest in such a case . These were events which must be dealt with according to the peculiar circumstances of each case , and the 717 two Houses of Parliament were the best judges of what was proper to be done on such occasions . The hon . baronet appeared to think that the heir to the crown had a sort of right to exercise the royal authority , in the event of such an interruption to the regal functions as that to which he had adverted . That , however , was a question which might now be considered as at rest . Whatever doubts there might formerly have existed on the subject , none such were stated during the progress of the last Regency Bill . The only question then was , whether they should follow the example of the time of the Revolution , by calling a person to the exercise of the royal authority by a mere vote of the House , or have recourse to that more solemn form of proceeding which had been at length adopted . As to the restrictions , that