earned the sentiments of those among whom they reside . The Resolution , Sir , of the last parliament , that the House would , early in the next session , take into its most serious consideration the laws affecting his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects , in Great Britain and Ireland , with a view to such final and conciliatory adjustment as might be conducive to the peace of the United Kingdom , stability to the Protestant establishment , and the general satisfaction and concord of all classes of his Majesty 's subjects , naturally created much interest in all classes of society ; much interest , Sir , in the minds of those who were accustomed to look up to this House , with that respect , which is , and I trust , ever will be due to the legislative body of a great and independent country—amongst those . Sir , I must include myself ; not then , in the proud situation I now hold ; and , since returned to parliament through the approbation of honourable men , free from expence and unclogged by promises . Having , Sir , said thus much , I beg humbly to state to the House , that , from very particular observation , I am inclined to believe that the Protestant population of England is not unfriendly to a due and fair consideration of the claims of their Roman Catholic brethren ; and I shall , this night , very sincerely give my vote for the motion of the right hon . mover , because I think that the Catholic communion is now divested of many of those tenets , which have been , hitherto , considered dangerous and unconstitutional ; because I think the parliament is pledged to pursue its own resolutions , and because I firmly believe that a Protestant parliament can , now is , and always will be able , so to legislate , that the Protestant establishment may remain pure and strictly secure , both in church and state ; and , considering that , by the vote for going into the committee I do not pledge myself to any future act , and that I reserve to myself full and ample power to object to any resolution of that committee , which I may even suspect of a tendency to weaken or cripple 876 the power of that constitution , which has so long protected our laws , our liberty , and our land . —Mr . Speaker ; the best apology I can make to this House , for rising at this very late hour , is to assure them shall be very short . But , on a question so deeply important as the present , which , whilst it involves the general interests of the empire , affects , in a peculiar manner , millions of the country to which I have the honour to belong ; I owe it to myself , and to my numerous constituents ( many thousands of all religious persuasions ) , to explain my reasons for voting to go into a committee . I lay it down , Sir , as a maxim that the blessings of our free and glorious constitution ought to be diffused as widely , as is compatible with the safety of the constitution . Another incontrovertible proposition , very material to the question , is , that there is nothing in the Catholic religion naturally hostile to the constitution under which we live . They ever were friends to monarchy . In the bosom of the Roman Catholic religion , the English constitution received its birth , and Catholics rocked its cradle . They obtained Magna Charta—founded our universities ; and let us proceed to Runneymede , and , on that hallowed spot , inquire whether Catholics are hostile to the liberties and chartered rights of England . Let those who say that the Catholic church is inimical to our freedom , refer to the reign of Henry 3 , and see all the Catholic bishops and abbots assembled , and after reading the great charter , with