it was his intention to conclude . Such a course would be correspondent with the usual mode on such occasions ; and , in his estimation , it would be wrong to depart from so good a precedent . As to the Speech , it must have been most grateful to all who heard it ; for it dwelt on those events which had been materially advantageous to the country , and were calculated to be much more so ; inasmuch as they were of a nature to increase those great difficulties with which the common enemy had now to contend . But , however prosperous might have been our efforts , however glorious might have been our struggles , and however splendid might have been the results , it became us rather to increase than to relax in our exertions , not for the mere advantage of England only , but for the salvation of Europe . Past successes were pledges for the future ; the triumphs that had attended our arms , were assurances that perseverance would avail . There were those who had foreboded a dismal issue to our contest in the peninsula ; and though those forebodings had been disappointed by events , yet they would say , there still remained much to be done . Their lordships could not forget so manifest a truth , and that remembrance would now stimulate them to greater and nobler exertions . To carry on such a war as the one in which this country was now engaged , great sacrifices must be made ; and no one could more sensibly deplore than he did the burdens under which the country at present laboured . But they must bear much more before it could be hoped that final success would crown our efforts . When it was seen that the ruler of France deemed no sacrifices too great to promote the dearest object of his ambition—the ruin of this country , could any privation be considered too much to avert and counteract that object ? Our sacrifices , he knew , were great ; but could any sacrifices be too great that had for their object the salvation of the country ? The sacrifices of other countries were great , even were they visited only 17 by a friendly army ; but how much greater would be their woe , how much heavier their afflictions , when an enemy 's arms prevailed ? From such visitations this country had hitherto been free ; and no price could be too high to enable it to continue unvisited by such accumulated miseries . To describe those miseries , the miseries that other countries had been , and still were , subjected to—would be a task too painful for him , even were it necessary to enable their lordships to judge properly of our present situation . But , he could not avoid saying , how light must any burdens be , that could avert that ruin which was levelled against us ! That it would be averted , he could not for an instant doubt ; and , even if any one were inclined to entertain any thing like doubt , the recent and noble exertions of our brave countrymen in arms could not but dispel it . In speaking of their glorious exertions , he could not proceed without noticing that glorious individual who had so nobly led them on to repeated successes . There could scarcely be an individual in the country who did not feel warmed and elated by the laurels that bound that noble general 's brow ; and how much more elated must they feel , who were related to him by the ties of blood ! He had the happiness of being amongst those who were related to that gallant lord . If there were any thing like difference of opinion respecting that brave general 's merits , related as he was , he would not trust himself to speak where friendship and partiality might overstep the bounds of justice . If he thought it possible even for the affection of the dearest friends to