or the cause in which the emperor of Russia was now engaged with all the efforts of his people , assumed in any degree a lower tone than that which pervaded them . Nothing less was demanded by the great interests of the country , by a proper zeal for our honour or our welfare , or by a true regard to the interests of our allies embarked in the same mighty cause with ourselves . In all those points he not only applauded the spirit of the Speech which their lordships had just heard delivered , but he almost entirely approved of the general spirit of the Address 21 consequent upon it , moved and seconded by his noble friends.—Of all the parts of the Speech , however , none struck him more forcibly , none made a stronger impression upon his mind , than that which anticipated the same wisdom in parliament , the same firmness , and the same prudence , on the present trying occasion , when the eyes of all Europe , nay , of the whole world , were fixed upon us . There was nothing novel , he admitted , either in the subjects , or in the expressions : —the novelty was rather in the application of them . Yes ! he had , no doubt , the parliament would exercise the same wisdom , it would evince the same perseverance , it would display the same firmness , especially on the great question of the war in the peninsula , as it had hitherto shewn . It was to that country in particular he wished for a few moments to direct their lordships ' attention : its situation was to be considered in various respects ; but in no respect would any man venture to say , that the triumphs which had been achieved there , were of such a description as to be totally unqualified ; admit of unbounded triumph ; or cause unmixed congratulation ; no man could say that victory had so predominated , that its career was unchecked by a single reverse . But , as it was certainly the highest part of the character of wisdom to persevere with reasonable grounds of hope , in the face of danger , difficulty and discomfiture , so it was the highest character of firmness to meet the tide of success without intoxication , to look it steadily in the face , to analyze the grounds upon which it stood , and from that analysis , carefully and cautiously pursued , to deduce one general and consistent ground of public action . Even if our success had been broad , general , splendid and unqualified , he would say to those who represented a wise and enlightened nation , to those who were prepared and anxious to do their duty—be not led away by this success—be not intoxicated with it—let not its lustre so dazzle your faculties that you perceive neither whence it originated , how it may be rendered permanent , nor to what ultimate objects it may be applied . And this be would say , not for the purpose of disparaging that success , nor to raise any spirit of discontent , but for the sole purpose of producing a due tone of reflection , from which might spring one consistent , one general line of public conduct on a measure of policy so important and 22 vitally interwoven with the best interests of the British nation . We had , indeed , done much in Spain : he was most willing to admit it ; but , he would ask , what still remained to be done ? And that question naturally led him to a review of the events which had taken place there since no very distant period : he would limit himself to the time when lord Wellington was before Badajoz . It had always appeared to him , from the very commencement of the struggle in the peninsula , that the only solid ground of success , the only reasonable hope of ultimate victory , the only practical system of resistance