, that the sources of ridicule were not merely in things which were in themselves ridiculous , but also in the attempted approximation of things which were in themselves irreconcilable , —in the comparison of lofty pretensions , with paltry means , —in the contrast of magnificent promises and prospects with the total inadequacy of the mode suggested for following up and realizing them . If the Bill was to be considered as the result of all the experience and wisdom of the other House , undoubtedly on that ground and in that character it was to be received with the greatest reverence ; but it was found that all this learned labour had only produced an office , which the legal profession must treat with contempt ; then in spite of all pre-possessions in its favour , the ridicule against which his hon . and learned friend protested , might blamelessly or rather must infallibly attach to it . The Bill said , that whereas great arrears had been accumulated , it was necessary to do so and so . The diminution of this accumulation might , to be sure , be accomplished in either of two ways ; by clearing the reservoir at once , or by impeding the channel whence it was constantly supplied with so rapid a current . The Bill appeared to follow the latter of these two courses . Its most obvious and certain effect was to occasion all the causes in Chancery to be tried twice over , a process which must necessarily delay the proceedings of that court , and so check the vicious rapidity of the stream of Appeals which flowed from it into the House of Lords . If the tried wisdom , the high legal attainments , and pre-eminent authority of that great magistrate , who had been used to speak from the bench from which he ( Mr. Canning ) had now risen ( Sir W. Grant ) ; did not prevent constant appeals to the Lord Chancellor from his decisions as Master of the Rolls , it was idle to suppose that from the new Vice-Chancellor , new in office , new and unsettled in authority , and ( be he who he may ) probably far inferior to the present Master of the Rolls in legal knowledge and abilities , there would not be appeals to the 486 Lord Chancellor in a far greater number . It was indeed attempted to be shewn , that this new creation would be similar to the Master of the Rolls : but there was this essential difference between the two magistracies . There was a choice allowed to the suitor to have his cause carried before the Master of the Rolls , or before the Lord Chancellor , and therefore it was the less likely that he should desire it to be reheard : but this Bill gave the Chancellor power to refuse hearing a case , and to send it to the Vice Chancellor , and in every case which was thus delegated from the Lord High Chancellor to his deputy , against the will and choice of the suitor , it was surely most natural to suppose that the suitor would desire a rehearing . Thus therefore the accumulation before the Lords might indeed be prevented from increasing so fast as at present , since every cause heard by the new magistrate would probably be heard again by the Lord Chancellor ; and the suitor perhaps , might be sickened by this first appeal , and deterred from prosecuting a second to the House of Lords . But how would this device tend to the accomplishment of the professed object of the Bill , the allowing the Lord Chancellor more time for attendance in the House of Lords ? After all , if the accumulation of Appeals in that House be the evil to be cured , why was not some remedy applied distinctly , and at once , to the seat of the evil ? It was surely a derogation from the dignity of the House of Lords to suppose that they could not discharge the