conclusion without including any arrangements with respect to the impressment . He mentioned this , not to show any hostility against a modification of the existing system , but to prove that the problem was not of such easy solution as to warrant America in indulging the expectation that she should be able to dictate the abandonment of the principle under the menace of war . The various negotiations on the subject had been conducted with the utmost temper and moderation , but it seemed probable that it never could be settled with the complete relinquishment of the right of search . It was , therefore , that he endeavoured strongly to impress on Mr. Russell 's mind , that so far from there being any probability of a settlement of the question under any angry relations between the two countries , it was one which would be difficult of determination under any circumstances ; and that it was the evident policy of America to terminate the war as soon as she could , and not endeavour to drag on or force Great Britain into an acquiescence in her wishes which could never be allowed . Reverting to the assertion of the American government , that the impressment of seamen was the question on which the two countries were at war , he expressed his desire to know in what part of America the government would find a feeling correspondent with their own ? If any such existed , surely it would be in the maritime states , who alone could suffer by being deprived of their seamen . But in fact , in what part of the Union was to be found a temper indignant towards Great Britain ? Was it in the agricultural southern—in the more retired states of the Mississippi ? Or was it in the eastern commercial and maritime states , possessing ships and sailors , and on whom consequently our practice operated in full force ? So far was the war from being popular in these last , that it was most loudly cried out against ; and particularly on that ground of supposed irritation ! 609 That the conduct of Mr. Madison in embarking in the war was strongly disapproved in the eastern slates of America was evident by his rot having had a single vote from those states for again raising him to the presidency . Having thus endeavoured to show that in the whole course pursued towards America the British government were not chargeable with want of temper and due forbearance , he might , perhaps , hear it said that they were chargeable with not having pressed America with sufficient vigour , It would occupy too much of the time of the House were he on the present occasion to enter into any details on the subject , or to explain the views by which his Majesty 's government were influenced in the apportionment and application of the military means of the country—This would be a fit subject for future discussion , and he professed himself to be ready to meet it whenever it should be regularly brought before the House . But , without wishing to provoke any observations on the present occasion , he might perhaps be permitted to make a few remarks which appeared to him to be of a satisfactory nature . His Majesty 's government , down to the period of the commencement of hostilities , had certainly never drawn our military forces from other services , with a view of accumulating the means of war in America . They had merely thought it their duty to provide adequate means of defence in that quarter . The declaration of war on the part of the American government , was not more unexpected at the time it took place , than it was at several periods of the negociation . Our minister in America , in communicating that occurrence to the British government , declared that it was entirely unexpected by him and by the Americans themselves . As early however as May last , unwilling to deceive themselves with respect to the probable issue of the