friend , the only difficulty which I experience , arises from my inability to do justice to the task . I derive , however , some satisfaction in reflecting that the claims which it is my part to support , are such as have been long recognised by the House in the tried talent and known integrity which have been so often and conspicuously displayed by Mr. Abbot . It is my sincere belief , that no man who has witnessed the conduct of that gentleman during the period in which he has filled the important , the elevated , and arduous office of Speaker of this House , can entertain a different opinion , or refuse to join in the unanimous declaration of his peculiar qualifications for discharging its duties with honour to himself , and advantage to the interests of the public . I can not conceive that there will be more than one opinion on this subject . ( A general cry of hear ! ) Sir , I do not mean to repeat the enumeration of all those high and requisite qualifications truly and ably described by the right hon . mover . It would be difficult to name an individual , in whom a more complete union of them all is to be discovered than in the individual whom he has proposed . All parties concur , or rather , all party is discarded upon this subject . But we ought not to forget that long before Mr. Abbot , was raised to that situation in which be has been so distinguished , his ability , research and industry had been usefully exercised , had attracted the attention and secured the confidence of the House . I confess that I feel no small share of gratification in the distinction of seconding a motion that promises to be so beneficial to the interests of the House , and with respect to which , I can confidently anticipate an entire unanimity of sentiment . stood up in his place and said : `` Mr. Ley ; in rising to address the House upon the present occasion , it is impossible that I should not be desirous of returning my cordial thanks to my right hon . and honourable friends for the terms , prompted by their personal kindness towards me , in which they have proposed my name to the consideration of the House ; and I have also to acknowledge with gratitude the favourable manner in which the House has been pleased to receive that proposition : `` But I can assure the House with perfect sincerity , that if I should be called again to that high station , I should enter upon the discharge of its various and arduous duties , confiding in nothing but the hope and expectation of the same continued indulgnce and support , which I have heretofore experienced in the same situation . `` Long attention to the forms of parliament , and the habits of official life , may be useful , to a certain extent , in regulating the large and growing mass of our public and private business , and also in discharging those other less ostensible , but not less laborious duties , incident to the various public trusts and commissions which of late years have been added to the occupations of the Chair . But these are not the main difficulties of the office which the House is now called upon to supply ; for such are the many new , —unlooked for , —and ever-varying occurrences which frequently and suddenly arise in the course of our proceedings here , that unless the House be prepared ( for the maintenance of its own authority and dignity ) to give a prompt and effectual support to whichever of its members may be placed in that Chair , —all other considerations are superfluous , and his best endeavours will be unavailing . `` With this declaration of my own sentiments , respecting what the House has a right to require , and also what it ought to be prepared to bestow , in the choice which it