and formal notice ; and that all who attended it signed the Petition . Even the names of some of those who disagreed ( not from any dislike to the sentiments of the Petition , but from other circumstances ) last year , were to be found amongst the signatures to the Petition which he now presented , and to which not the slightest opposition was manifested . observed , that some of the persons who were present at the meeting did oppose the Petition ; but they did not wish to come to a vote on it . The Petition were ordered to lie on , the table . rose and said , that he intended to submit a motion to the House on Monday next , relative to the proceedings ordered by his Majesty to be instituted on the subject of her royal highness the Princess of Wales . The hon . member was about to offer some remarks upon the importance of this matter , which , he said , affected even the succession to the throne itself , when the Speaker interrupted him by stating , that in giving a notice , it was not usual to enter into any discussion which could possibly create a debate . The hon . member then concluded by observing , that he had thought it his duty , and had accordingly done so , to transmit a copy of the proposition he intended to move , to ministers , that they might be fully possessed of the line he meant to pursue . presented a Petition from the inhabitants of Halifax , against the Roman Catholic Claims . The earl of Egremont presented a similar Petition from the borough of Lestwithiel . The earl of Shannon presented a Petition against the Roman Catholic Claims , from the county of Cork . The earl of Charleville presented a similar Petition from the Protestant inhabitants of the Queen 's county . All these Petitions were read , and ordered to lie on the table . presented a Petition ' from the freeholders and inhabitants of the county of Kent , against the Roman Catholic Claims . observed , that although at the meeting where this Petition had been signed , a majority might entertain the sentiments of the petitioners , yet he knew it was far from being the unanimous feeling of the county of Kent on this-subject . He referred to the opinion of the noble marquis himself , who was formerly so closely united with a celebrated personage of different sentiments to those of the Petition . admitted ; that the Petition was not the unanimous sentiment of the people of Kent , and that his own opinions were somewhat different from those of the petitioners . presented a Petition from the inhabitants of the county of Wilts , against the claims of the Roman Catholics . thought it his duty to inform the House in respect to this Petition , which purported to speak the sense of the people of Wiltshire , that there had been a general meeting called in that county for the purpose of taking the claims of the Roman Catholics into consideration . A Petition was then agreed to , and signed by a great number of most respectable individuals , which was of a contrary tendency to this Petition , and was directed to be presented to the other House of Parliament . With respect to the Petition presented by the noble earl , it was ! subscribed not at any general meeting held for that purpose , but by signatures obtained at a number of places ; and though he was ready to admit it contained the signatures of a few individuals as highly respectable as any in the county , yet there were others of a different description . 739 He did not speak lightly upon this subject , but he had enquired into the truth of his information , and had been assured , if necessary , that it could be proved at their lordships ' bar . The Petition was , he understood , signed by some who had