the restoration of peace , on terms satisfactory to both countries ; you propose to enter into a negociation on the subject of the right of impress—we are equally willing to do so ; but , if you imagine , by our entering 616 into this negociation , that we are disposed to abandon the right in dispute , without the most perfect , and complete , and decided satisfaction ; that , in giving it up , our interests and honour shall be as strongly secured as they now are , you are very much deceived ; and therefore do not enter into the negociation with us , for we will not surrender our right without the fullest security . `` —Had this language been used , Great Britain could not have been deceived ; America would have known her situation ; and the right would not have been weakened , in the event of the negociation proving unsuccessful . That the result of such a negociation would have been amicable , he was far from supposing ; but , if America had formed any erroneous ideas as to the temper of this country , she ought to be told so . She ought to be told ( although , he believed , there was no necessity for it ) that Great Britain never would abandon her right of search of neutrals , for contraband of war , so essential to the maintenance of her dearest interests . If America conceived that she had the power of absolving men from the allegiance due to their lawful sovereign , and of making British subjects American citizens , she ought to be told that such a principle was unreasonable and unjustifiable , degrading to England , subversive of her interests , and therefore one which she would never cease to oppose . This was the language he would have held to the American government , had he been placed in the noble lord 's situation—still thinking that it was possible to enter into some negociation ort the unfortunate subject of the impress , without any abandonment of the rights , interests , or dignity of the empire.—He would ask of those who were of a different opinion , Was there ever to be a termination of war between the two countries ? Were they to be always in a state of hostility ? He hoped not : he trusted they would very soon be reconciled to each other . But if they were to return to that state of amity which was so very desirable , by what means was the change to be effected ? Was it not through the medium of negociation ? But what was the conduct pursued ? The noble lord , in the papers before them , said— '' We are ready to receive any proposition America may have to make on this subject , but we can not treat with her on this point , for we can not admit her basis . '' Now , if the noble lord meant by this , that the mere 617 act of negociating with America , was a recognition of this basis—if it followed , that the legislative provision of a foreign state not to naturalize British subjects must be received as an equivalent for our giving up the right of impress , the moment the negociation was opened—then he would agree in the opinion of the noble lord , that it would not be right to treat . But did the noble lord mean to go this length ; did he mean to refuse all negociation , although it might have the effect of producing an amicable settlement of the matter in dispute ? The particular situation of the American government was worthy of peculiar attention , in reference to this part of the subject . That government was possessed of so little power , was so much weaker than in other states , that it could not do those acts of its own will , which in all other countries were performed by the executive body . Therefore , if you have any negociation with