In conclusion , he moved— '' That an humble Address should be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , praying , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions for the payment of a reasonable compensation to be individuals summoned to attend the Great Grimsby Election Committee , and assuring his Royal Highness that the House would make good the same . '' admitted the necessity of some such legislative provision as had been alluded to by the hon . gentleman , and commiserating , as he did , the situation of the unfortunate persons whose case had come under the consideration of the House , he should second the motion . The question was then put and carried . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; consistently with those feelings , which I have , at all times , uniformly professed on this important subject , it is impossible for me to give a silent vote . The principles and sentiments which I entertain are so well known to the House , that it will be unnecessary for me to occupy much of your time on the present occasion . I have taken every opportunity of giving currency to my opinions , and to the uncontroverted facts upon which they are founded . [ The hon . baronet then proceeded to take a review of certain publications which had recently appeared in a morning paper , and particularly some passages copied from what were termed , the Blue Books , ' which , in a former debate , had been quoted by a hon . member ( Mr. Yorke ) , who , he said , had been led to form a very erroneous opinion in reference to that part of the subject on which they treated . ] The fact is , that the names of 1,400 Catholics have not been withdrawn from the protestation of 1789 , as has been averred in the article in the news-paper , nor have the Catholics been urged to withdraw their names by their apostolic vicars . The protestation is lodged in the British Museum , and not more than four or five names have been withdrawn , and only one of the apostolic vicars . It is true an objection was raised by the apostolic vicars against the oath , proposed in the Bill , drawn up subsequent to the original protestation ; which oath , indeed , had passed with the Bill , through the House of Commons . The apostolic vicars unquestionably did caution the Catholics to oppose it , not because it was opposed to the renunciation of any of the obnoxious tenets , which were disavowed in the protestation , but because it , constructively , in their opinions trenched upon what theologians call , the power of the Keys ; —and in this view , also , it was regarded by the late bishop Horsley , when it came into the House of Lords , the bishop declaring that he could not take such an oath himself , and that he should think very ill of any clergyman of his diocese who had taken such an oath . The result was , that the oath was corrected in the House of Lords , and sent down to the Commons , and the oath , so corrected , now stands in the act of 1791 , and was recommended by all the apostolic vicars , to be taken by the Catholics of their districts . 851 From this statement the House will see how erroneous a view the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) has taken of this proceeding , and consequently , how much misrepresented the whole transaction has been in the public prints , and how likely to create the most injurious impressions . Among many other striking facts , we can not but look to the introduction of the Irish militia , consisting of near 10,000 men , who have been brought to this country , and possess so much the confidence of his Majesty 's ministers , that they are stationed in the most vital parts of