there is one preliminary demand on the part of America , which it is absurd to suppose that we could comply with . We are by ancient and unquestioned usage , and by the law of nations , as they are now understood , in the possession of the right of search . It has been , and is , of ancient and uninterrupted usage . It is proposed by both parties that a discussion should be commenced as to the more unexceptionable mode of exercising this right ; but what does the American executive insist upon ? That we should first abandon it , and trust for its restoration to the result of the negociation . We are required to trust to an act to be hereafter passed by the American legislature for the restoration of this right , or for the provision of an equivalent . Can any thing be more manifestly absurd and unjust ? Is not the natural course not by the law of nations only , but by the rules of common sense , that we should retain that which we rightfully possess until the equivalent for which it is to be exchanged shall be fully discussed , and satisfactorily ascertained ? The hon . gentleman says , that it will cost us a war to maintain the possession of it . I wish to ask him what wars would it not cost us to regain possession if it were once resigned ? ( Hear , hear ! ) At least , maintaining our right , we are safe until force compel us to resign it . I am sure that gentlemen , upon reflection , must see , the proposed compromise is at least attended with difficulties which , if not absolutely insuperable , are extremely hard to be surmounted . The appointment of a tribunal similar to a prize court , as suggested by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Baring ) in this debate , approaches nearest to my ideas of possibility ; but is this likely to be found practicable or palatable to America , if the proposal of it should come from this country ? Were it suggested by America , it might perhaps produce some beneficial result ; but if proposed by Great Britain , would it not be repelled with innignation ? Would America bear to see her citizens made subjects of judicature , like bales of contraband goods ? Would she endure that a judge of our appointment should settle the fate of her natives , as we assign chattels to the right owner ? Or would not such a proposal instead of tending to the settlement of differences , and the extinction of animosities , be employed by the demagogues on the other side of the Atlantic to inflame the public mind , to exasperate the jealousies 638 and hatreds of the enemies of Great Britain , and to make all amicable arrangement utterly hopeless ? I have , however , as I have said , no objection , and the British government has not shewn any , throughout the correspondence now under our consideration , to any attempt to make the exercise of this right the subject of diplomatic arrangement , provided the principle of the right itself be unequivocally acknowledged ; provided the suspension , or tacit abandonment of it be not expected to precede the substitution , of some other effectual mode of securing the objects to which it applies ; and provided it be distinctly understood that , failing the attempt to effect that substitution our right , and the practice of it are to continue not only unimpaired , but thenceforth unquestioned . The dispute relating to the impressment ( as it is termed ) or rather the recall of our own seamen , is not however as the hon . gentleman admits , the only point to be adjusted , before we can return to a good understanding with the United States . The American government also requires the renunciation of the system and principle of what they call paper blockades ; that is to say , of the right