confidential servants of his Majesty , who gave a solemn judgment , confirming the Report of the first commissioners . The supposed doubt respecting the succession , was , therefore , rebutted by the authority of the commissioners of the first cabinet ; and also by that of the subsequent cabinet , to whom the matter was referred , and who confirmed the judgment . If any doubt found its way into the mind of parliament , he would not deny , in the abstract , that no case might exist , as to the question of succession , which it might be the duty of parliament to examine ; but would the hon . gentleman say , that after all those authorities which he had stated , it would be rational for parliament to interfere ? Would not such interference rather serve to originate doubts , where no doubts existed ; and give countenance to suspicions , contrary to the repeated declarations of all parties , that no case whatever had been made out , to require any such interference on the part of parliament ? The hon . gentleman himself had made his statement in such a manner as to shew that he entertained no doubt upon the subject ; yet when neither he , nor any other member , had any doubt respecting the legitimacy of the succession , he called upon parliament to legislate . It was perfectly true that there had been no prosecution entered into of lady Douglas ; her evidence was taken by the commissioners in the discharge of their duty ; and the hon . gentleman should have stated in candour , that the first cabinet recommended that no proceeding should be had , unless the crown lawyers deemed it advisable to prosecute lady Douglas for perjury . A case was laid before them ; and though they were satisfied as to the perjury , they nevertheless saw difficulties in the way of establishing it by legal evidence , and , therefore , they did not advise prosecution . If he were so disposed , he might use some grounds of personal complaint against the hon . member , for he had transgressed the rules of his parliamentary duty , in stating that Mr. Perceval had prevailed upon the cabinet to espouse the cause of the Princess of Wales . The cabinet had acted deliberately and conscientiously 1140 in the business , and had advised that there were no reasons why her Royal Highness should not be admitted to the presence of the sovereign , agreeably to the recommendation of the former cabinet , with whom , indeed , it had originated . The hon . member had stated , with a marked emphasis , that lady Douglas 's evidence was given by command of his royal highness the Prince Regent . In this matter , the Prince Regent followed the advice of lord Thurlow , which was to have the evidence reduced to writing , for the purpose of submitting it to legal consideration . Then his Royal Highness felt it to be his duty to communicate the charges to his royal father , with whom , and with whose cabinet , and not with his Royal Highness himself , the whole affair had from that time remained . He could really see no necessary for pursuing the subject of this discussion any further . It could not be properly brought forward , except on the presumption that some doubts existed relative to the succession to the crown ; and he trusted , that in what he had said , he had convinced the House that no such doubts did exist . Calling for further information , if agreed to , would only be the means of gratifying public curiosity , by making parliament the instrument of procuring that gratification , that taste for calumny , which was so much the rage at the present moment . He should trust to the indulgence of the House , to explain in reply , in case other circumstances were touched upon , which might render farther explanations necessary ; and he hoped that