and disabilities to which other subjects of this realm are not liable , and from the peaceable and loyal demeanour of his Majesty 's Popish or Roman Catholic subjects it is fit that such restraints and disabilities shall be discontinued . '' 999 Here there is a legislative acknowledgment of the truth of the position , that there is nothing in the religious principles of the Catholics incompatible with their loyalty . Here in truth is a solution of the question , under the highest possible authority , of some years standing , which ought to have put it to rest for ever ; and which proves that , so far from there being any just grounds for charging obnoxious tenets to the Catholics , there are none whatever even for raising a controversy about them . The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) , and the greater part of the petitioners , assert that the exclusion of the Catholics from political power , is a fundamental principle of the constitution , as settled at the Revolution in defiance of all that we learn , from the history of that event , the Bill of Rights , and all the greatest constitutional authorities . The bishop of Lincoln has quoted Mr. Fox in support of this doctrine ; but all Mr. Fox 's speeches clearly prove that his opinion was decidedly at variance with it . The following extracts from the speech , which he delivered in this House when he introduced the Catholic petition in 1305 , fully establish this fact . * `` I think one may generally state , that all the restrictions of the Catholics were laid , not on their religious , but their political opinions. `` In the early period of the reign of queen Elizabeth , no one can suppose it was any particular religious bigotry that led to the restrictions with regard to the Catholics. `` In the reigns that followed , very few restrictions by penal law were enacted . This may be accounted for from the circumstance that there was no suspicion of the Catholics ; but afterwards , in the time of the Stuarts , suspicions had taken possession of the minds of the people of this country , which made these restrictions necessary . When we come to the Revolution , it is impossible not to see that all the laws against the Catholics were political laws . It was not a Catholic , but a Jacobite you wished to restrain. `` In the two next reigns the same laws continued , because the same spirit was supposed to exist , and the same danger to be apprehended from it . '' To this authority may be added that of Mr. Justice Blackstone . He says , in his * See Vol . 4 , p. 830 . 1000 account of the penal laws against the Catholics , `` they are rather to be accounted for from their history , and the urgency of the times which produced them , than to be approved ( upon a cool review ) as a standing system of law . `` The wishes for the succession of the queen of Scots , —the Powder Treason , —the intrigues of queen Henrietta , —the prospect of a Popish succesion in the reign of Charles 2 , —the Assassination Plot in William 3 , —the avowed claim of a Popish pretender , —account for the extension of those penalties at those several periods of our history . But if a time should ever arrive , and perhaps it is not very distant , when all fears of a pretender shall have vanished , and the power and influence of the Pope shall become feeble , ridiculous , and despicable , not only in England , but in every kingdom of Europe , it probably would not then be amiss to review and soften these rigorous edicts ; at least till the civil principles of the Roman Catholics called again on the legislature to renew them ; for it ought not to be left in the breast of every merciless bigot to