, and from supposing themselves too much under the necessity of forbearing to weaken and disturb the Protestant church and government . With respect to the control and regulation of the Roman Catholic church , without which it is said that no act of concession should be allowed to operate , and until which takes place we have been advised that all privileges if granted should nevertheless be suspended in their operation , would it not be more rational to begin with the Regulating Bill , and see whether the Roman Catholics will accede to any regulation whatever ? For if not , the whole proceeding in the way of conciliation is worse than nugatory . The consequences , however , of such a Bill , even if proposed to lie over for consideration to another session of parliament , will not be indifferent ; it will naturally give exaggerated hopes to the Roman Catholics , which can not be ultimately fulfilled , and it will spread universal dissatisfaction through the established church , and hold out the prospect of perpetual conflict and agitation . For I think no 1207 maxim more false or dangerous in policy , than that which has been advanced in support of measures like the present , that by adding to the power of those who are hostile to our establishments , we may hope to abate of their enmity . I shall then be asked , can I think that matters ought all to remain on their present footing , or do I believe that they can so remain ? —I have never thought so ; I have often said otherwise to those with whom I have communicated upon these subjects . There is much to be done every way . But my views are different from those of the present proceeding , both as to the measure , and the mode . The measure must not be sweeping and violent , and the mode must be distinct and gradual . The temper of this country , in great concerns of legislation , is happily slow and cautious ; the people are not unwilling to consider of useful changes , but they are not disposed to the hazardous adoption of wholesale projects . There are several important changes for which I am prepared , useful to the state as Protestant , and useful also to the Roman Catholics , which nevertheless would not alter the fundamental policy of the constitution . Some are of concession , some of regulation . In the way of concession , adverse as my principles are to admitting the Roman Catholics into offices of civil power , authority , or jurisdiction , I should gladly open to them a larger and more liberal share in the honours of the military profession . The Roman Catholic officer should rise as freely to military rank in every part of the empire as he may by law in Ireland ; the military system in this respect should-also be made uniform and complete for all his Majesty 's subjects of every religious persuasion . Beyond this I should be glad to see a repeal of that part of the law of 1793 which excludes Roman Catholics from the situation of generals on the staff ; for I would place within the reach of their honorable ambition all the high ranks of military command , excepting only the very highest commands at home ; and I except those , only because they have necessarily in their hands great political power . I state this as an instance of concession involving no transfer of power , though it confers high rewards for honorable exertion in the field ; and I would apply the same principle also most freely to the ho- 1208 nours of the bar ; nor do I believe that concessions of this description , if asked for , would in either case be denied . Again , the toleration of the Roman Catholic religion should be rendered more complete in points of which the Roman Catholics may now reasonably complain . The rights of the Irish Roman Catholic soldier to his own