mode established by law under the operation of the Act of 1792 , in some degree varied by that of 1802 , but remaining in force as to all loans contracted subsequently to the latter of those years . It is evident however that , as the funds are intermingled and consolidated , the stock created for any particular portion of debt can not be distinguished , and the purchases are made indiscriminately . Any separate loan can therefore no otherwise be redeemed than by purchasing , with the Sinking Fund attached to it , an amount of stock equal to that which was created in consequence of such loan . The other mode , which would have been equally consonant to the spirit of the Act of 1792 , would have been to direct that the debt first contracted shall be deemed to be first paid off , and that the Sinking Fund created in respect of any subsequent loan shall be first applied to the discharge of any prior loan then remaining unredeemed , while the operation of the percentage created for those earlier loans should be continued for the redemption of those subsequently contracted . By this means the loan first contracted would be discharged at an earlier period , and the funds charged with the payment of its interest become applicable to the public service . Thus in the event of a long war , a considerable resource might accrue during the course of the war itself , as every successive loan would contribute to accelerate the redemption of those previously existing , and the total amount of charge to be borne by the public , in respect of the public debt , would be reduced to a narrower compass than in the other mode , in which a greater number of loans would be co-existing . At the same time the ultimate discharge of the whole debt would be rather accelerated than retarded . The advantages of this mode of operation did not perhaps present themselves to Mr. Pitt when framing the arrangements of the Sinking Fund , in the prospect of a continuance of peace , and with a very remote view of the ultimate redemption of 1089 the debt , nor would it have been easily made applicable to the large mass then existing , and for the redemption of which no provision had before been made . But the circumstances of the present time afford a most advantageous opportunity of establishing a plan which would in the first instance have been preferable . It is now only necessary to declare that an amount of stock equal to the whole of the debt existing in 1786 has been redeemed , and that in like manner whenever an amount of stock equal to the capital and charge of any loan raised since 1792 shall be redeemed , in its proper order of sucession such loan shall be deemed and taken to be redeemed and satisfied . Every part of the system will then fall at once into its proper place ; and we shall proceed with the future redemption with all the advantages which could have been derived from the original adoption of the mode of successive instead of simultaneous redemption . Instead of waiting till the purchase of the whole of the debt consolidated in 1802 shall be completed , that part of it which existed previously to 1792 will be considered as already redeemed , and the subsequent loans will follow in succession whenever equal portions of stock shall have been purchased . It is satisfactory to observe that by a gradual and equable progress we shall still have the power of effecting the complete repayment of the debt more speedily than by the present course . I do not pronounce whether it will be wise to persevere to that extent . It will be for parliament to judge when the proper time arrives , which is yet at a considerable distance : but we are doing our duly to posterity not only scrupulously but liberally , while we not only much more than satisfy the provisions of the Act of 1792