his letter , and stated , that the fact of these seamen being on board the American frigate could not 649 be admitted on the evidence which he ( Mr. Foster ) had given ; and this because it was against the laws of the United States to admit English seamen on board of an American ship ; that these seamen might probably have become American citizens , in which case no difference was admitted between citizens by birth and citizens by naturalization . This was a case of such enormity , and the nature of the American doctrines were so fully shewn , that it was needless for him to offer any comments upon it . He had risen to say , that there had been no order from the British government to confine the operations of their fleets . Thank God ! that House was about to join unanimously on that night in a measure which would do much to teach the Americans a lesson which would probably induce them to bring the war to a speedy termination . Their unanimity on that occasion , would show to France and to America , that they had nothing to hope from divisions in the British councils . It was far from his desire to intrude on the lime of the House , or to say any thing that could prevent the question being carried unanimously , for it would do move than any thing that had occurred , to shew the Americans , that when our vital interests were threatened , they would go hand in hand to defend them , however they might differ in their political opinions . After a few words from Mr. Rose junior and Mr. W. Smith , briefly replied , and stated , that letters of marque had been issued in consequence of the failure of the attempt to conclude an armistice by admiral Sawyer and sir G. Prevost . moved for a Return of those Roman Catholics who , during the last ten years , had taken the Oaths , and subscribed the Declaration prescribed by the 31st Geo . 3 . His lordship observed , that the Catholics having stated as a reason why further indulgences should be granted to them , their having numerously taken the Oaths and subscribed the Declaration , he wished to ascertain the number who had so done , not with any disposition to question their loyalty , believing that his Majesty had not 650 a more loyal class of subjects , but for the purpose of information . suggested the propriety of extending the motion to Ireland , with respect to the oaths taken under the 33d Geo . 3 . He wished to know also whether the object of the noble lord 's motion was a return of those who had taken the oaths with a view to a qualification , or those who had voluntarily taken them ? had no objection to the motion suggested respecting Ireland . His present object was a return of those who had spontaneously taken the oaths . observed , that the returns were made to the privy council , and suggested therefore an alteration in the motion . read the clause in the Act by which the returns were to be made to the privy council previous to the 25th of December in each year , and observed that chiefly those Catholics took the oaths who possessed property , or who , for other purposes , sought the qualification which the taking the oaths conferred . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill relative to the office of the Registrar of the Admiralty . In the brief observations which he intended to make , it would be sufficient to observe , that a great part of the proceeds arose from the money of suitors in the Admiralty Court . It was not the intention of the Bill to interfere with the legitimate fees of the office . It appeared from documents on their table , that the average annual sum which was solely employed for the benefit of the