called for ? Let it not be supposed 'that he was insensible to the privations and the sufferings of the people of this country ; but let it be recollected that here we were exempt from the actual calamities of war . The sending out fleets and armies on foreign expeditions , or the taxation consequent upon war , were as nothing , compared with those calamities which arose from a country being made the actual theatre of war . From these horrors we were exempted , but let us look with an eye of generosity to those who were suffering all the horrors of such a calamity . Was it not of importance to shew a disposition to aid the suffering people of Russia , and thereby cement the union of the two powers ? The French in their invasion of Russia , by the cruelties they had committed , and by the sacrilegious destruction of their sacred edifices , had inspired the Russians with a detestation which would not only be felt by those now in existence , but by generations still unborn . Was it not of importance then , by the aid af- 322 forded by this country , to fix the sentiments of the Russian nation in unison with our own , and thus cement the union of the two governments ? The noble earl concluded by moving an Address of concurrence , and mentioning that the sum proposed to be granted was 200,000l . The higher ranks in Russia had begun a contribution which this sum was intended to aid . never felt himself more embarrassed than upon the present occacasion , and had it not been an established rule with him , never to shrink from his parliamentary duty , he would have preferred being absent . His embarrassment arose from this , that he thought the proposition impolitic , but at the same time that it would be unwise and unsafe to reject it . He perfectly agreed with the noble earl in his praise of the patriotism of the Russian nation , and this praise was more particularly applicable to the peasantry , who in sacrificing the produce of their earnings , had not the consolation of those feelings which were inseparable from the soldier , but were actuated solely by motives of pure patriotism . He could not , however , agree in the propriety of the mode proposed , nor did he see that the aid could consistently be afforded , if such a sum was disposable for this purpose , why had it not been applied to replenish lord Wellington 's military chest ; and might not the emperor of Russia say , if this money had been applied in time to replenish lord Wellington 's military chest , it would have been of greater advantage to my cause than sending it now to me ? The only argument that could induce him to accede to the proposition , was that used by the noble lord , of shewing a disposition to aid the Russian nation . He agreed that this was of importance , and he trusted , at the same time , that in the alliance of the courts of Peters burgh and London , there was a perfect understanding as to their objects , not only as to carrying on the war , but as to the means of bringing about a secure peace . Whether the emperor of France should escape or not , he trusted that the events that had happened would clear the way for that situation of affairs , which might render a peace upon secure grounds , less difficult of attainment ; and that upon this point there was a thorough understanding between the courts of Peters burgh and London . For such an object , so highly to be desired , he anxiously looked to the effects 323 of this alliance , nor would he for a moment suppose , that any intention existed of endeavouring to force any other government upon France ; which could only have the effect of rousing against us the yet remaining considerable resources