he should have thought it would have produced a spirit in that country , the reverse of a disposition to peace or concilialion . He could not vote for the Address , but he should not move to leave out the words which formed the ground of his objection , because such an amendment might be improperly construed into a disapprobation of the claim itself , which was the subject of controversy . , after the declaration of the noble lord who had just sat down , that the hostility of America originated in passion , and not in reason , felt himself at a loss to conjecture to what part of the Address the noble lord 's objections could apply . He was ready to attribute those objections rather to a microscopic eye , too fond of seeking after minute shades of difference , than to a jaundiced mind , taking a tincture from its own prejudices , and discolouring the object of its contemplation . The right of impressing , which was of such infinite importance to the vital interests of this country , had been required to be surrendered on certain conditions , not as the price of peace , but as the price of an armistice . No longer ago than June 1811 , Mr. Foster had expressly declared that the American government could make no distinction between native and naturalized subjects . If the American government were determined to act up to the spirit of this declaration , in other words , to assert their right to make every subject of this realm a deserter and a traitor , it was impossible that peace should ever return—war must be eternal . explained . He said that one great point had been entirely lost sight of , which was , that there were rights on the part of America , and rights belonging to this country . What the Americans demanded was , that we should enter into a negociation to adjust and fix the boundaries of those rights . By consenting to suspend the exercise of a right for a certain period , we did not agree to surrender it . He had declared that the Americans 588 appeared to him to have been hurried into acts of intemperance and passion , but we ought to make a correct statement of what those acts were ; we were not to bring general charges against them of which there was no evidence . disapproved of the Address . It had been said that this was a war of passion with the American people . It might be so ; but to whom was that passion to be originally attributed , by whose conduct was it excited ? A war between nations might be compared to a quarrel between individuals . It was not enough to know the degree of passion or irritation which had been produced , in order to judge of the merits of the quarrel , unless we at the same time knew the aggravating circumstances , the insult or injury by which it had been produced . The noble lord could not consider the war as the consequence of the question of the right of impressing . It originated in the former irritations between this country and America previous to the Orders in Council . This shewed that neither this country nor America was sincere in placing the grounds of the war solely on that question . There were other causes which stood in the way of conciliation , and no good understanding could take place between the two countries till these were removed . It had been said that this war , if the Americans persisted in their claims , must be eternal . If so , our prospects were disheartening . America was a growing country—increasing every day in numbers—in strength—in resources of every kind . In a lengthened contest , all the advantages were on her side , and against this country . was of opinion that the last topic on which the noble lord had insisted , was the only justification which government could offer for having delayed the