this country were altogether unworthy of credit . They were the inventions of that party whose overwhelming influence was the source of all the differences between the countries . He was not therefore able to say that the revocation of the Orders in Council , previous to the commencement of hostilities , would have had the effect of averting them . Their repeal might have had some influence with the government , but he did not think the government was sufficiently master of the congress to be able to do what they might think most beneficial for the country . From the persons at the head of affairs , and from Mr. Monroe in particular , he had ever received the utmost civility and attention , and he believed there existed no indisposition on their parts to an amicable arrangement of all matters in dispute with Great Britain . He could not agree with the assertion of the hon . gentleman that there was no party in America friendly to France . The revolution had made a strong impression there , and numerous proselytes ; and though the turn which affairs had taken in France might have detached the better part from them , they were yet a strong party . Nor were they the only party favourable to war , for there was also an Anti-Anglican party , who took every opportunity to embitter the feelings of the American people against this country , and foment hatred and animosity against us . The House might trace the workings of this inimical spirit , from a very early period . When we offered to renew the treaty of 1794 , it was this spirit which caused that offer to be rejected , and the party who held it to be injurious prevailed against the other , although it 624 had at its head the great Washington . Again , the Treaty of Limits , of 1803 , was rejected by Mr. Jefferson , from the prevalence of the same persons and principles ; and he traced this to shew the antipathy so long and uninterruptedly entertained by some of the Americans against this country ; The treaty of 1806 , concluded between Messrs. Pinckney and Monroe , and an administration in this country , supposed to be very favourable to them , was not ratified , from the same cause . But the strongest proof that the American government , influenced by this spirit , were ever desirous of keeping grievances alive , was to be found in the matter of the Chesapeake in 1807 . The moment that unfortunate affair was known in this country , reparation was offered to be made , but all that could be done was unavailing ; the President rejected every atonement , and without inquiry issued a proclamation to exclude British shipping from the ports of the American States , and continued to act upon it , refusing all offers to repair the injury done . With respect to the Orders in Council , and the doctrine of blockade , he might notice , that at one time , when there was a probability of the former being rescinded , as appeared from the letter of the marquis Wellesley , so far was America from meeting it with a corresponding feeling , her government only seemed anxious to keep alive another excuse for the Non-importation Act , and for this purpose they drew from the dust , where it had lain for three years , the blockade of 1806 , which had never before been complained of , and which , at the moment it passed , was not considered as injurious to the interests of the United States by their minister in this country . Mr. Pinckney was the first to produce this notable expedient . He wrote to know if that blockade still existed , and was answered by lord Wellesley , that it was comprised in the Order of 1807 . Not satisfied with this , he again wrote for a more explicit declaration , and received a more particular reply in 1810 . From this , the blockade was