London . This was a subject which he thought ought to be strongly pressed upon the Committee , and which called for their peculiar and marked animadversion . The hon . gentleman next adverted to the recruiting service , and remarked , that the charge under this head was beyond the possibility of justification . The calculation was at about the rate of 34l . per man , a rate so extravagant , that he thought it could not be too strongly condemned.—The expence of our staff at home too , he observed , had increased , even while our force at home had been reduced to less than one-third of its former establishment . Besides about 2,075l . a year to 1174 himself , it cost the country 5,000l . more to examine general Delancey 's accounts ; and really he did not know what claims the general had on the public to entitle him to any such rewards , especially when they considered the disordered and unsatisfactory manner in which he had quitted his office . This was a description of expenditure for which he could not account , and which , in his opinion , called for the explanation of the noble Secretary at War . With respect to the amount and expenditure of foreign troops in our service , the number of men last year in these foreign corps was 30,700 . This year there was a small increase in the number , for there was an addition of 1,422 men ; but for this small additional number , there was an increased expence of no less an amount than 58,000l . This year , too , the money expended on foreign officers amounted to 42,000l . and last year it was only 27,000l . This was certainly a system of patronage , but not a system for encouraging military talent , and he would ask the Committee , whether it was likely that this was the most economical expenditure of the public money which could be made ? On the increased expences of the Military College he would say but little , as he approved of all that had been done in that respect , and felt himself called upon to give full credit to the noble lord for the admirable system upon which this institution was conducted . He could not help , however , mentioning one little circumstance , which , from personal observation , he thought might be remedied in this place . He alluded to the immense ex-pence which was incurred for fuel . He remarked , when there , in the course of last winter , that there were not less than 200 fires lighted daily ; and in the estimates , he observed , that a sum of 4,000l . was charged for fuel . This was an ex-pence which , he conceived , might be considerably lessened , by having recourse to any of those ingenious methods by which many large buildings were kept warm in this great metropolis.—On the subject of the Barrack Department in Ireland some details were wanting ; and the House ought not to vote the 90,000l . on the estimates for that service until these details were given . It was a subject of serious consideration , that all these estimates were annually increasing . In 1804 they amounted only to 18,000,000l . ; but this year they went so high as 29,000,000l . Upon the whole , he thought the House 1175 ought to examine diligently into the accounts , and see that they were formed upon principles of the strictest economy . said , that there was one part of the estimates upon which he meant to divide the Committee , and which he would again bring forward in the House when the resolutions should be discussed . An excels had been stated by the noble lord , of 34,000l . in the department of the paymaster of the forces . Now he should wish to make a permanent saving in this department of 2,500l yearly , by flinging one of the joint-paymasters and his deputy overboard . He would rest