him , he had always been ready with his assistance when business pressed , and had taken upon himself that part which related to Chelsea hospital , which was by no means a sinecure . He was convinced that the abolition of the office would not contribute to any public advantage , nor would it be prudent to diminish the salary , whoever held the office . The responsibility of it had been much increased , and he hoped therefore the House would not consent to decrease the salary . said , that he did not object to the competency of the right hon . gentleman , nor would he even complain much of the amount of the salary ; but he complained of dividing the salary and splitting the office , not for the convenience of the public service , but for purposes of parliamentary influence , which was , unfortunately , more attended to often in that House . Besides , the loss of one half of his salary was amply made up to the right hon . gentleman by a pension of 2,000l . a year , and a good house . said , that the pension was only 1,500l . answered , that it was 1,500l . besides a house which was at least 500l . more . It was true , that in 1806 , he voted the estimates without objecting to the pay mastership ; but he objected to it now , on the ground of a resolution passed in a committee that sat in 1810. assured the House that the pension granted to his right hon . friend , was given at the particular desire of his Majesty , for the important services Mr. Long had performed as Secretary of the Treasury . rose to reply . With regard to what had fallen from an hon . member , respecting the recruiting service , he assured the Committee that the greatest care had been taken by the department to which he had the honour of belonging , to prevent any unfair practices in the en listing of soldiers He could not at all consider it unfair that the militia were al- 1179 lowed to volunteer into the regular service . They were allowed four days to consider the step they had adopted , and every care was taken by the commander in chief that in the course of the volunteering no unfair proceeding should be had recourse to . Some facetious observations had been made by another hon . member on the dress of the guards , who had been called Orlandos and Rinaldos . He did not doubt but they would equal the valour of those heroes when they came into action . In reply to what had fallen from an hon . member , he begged leave to observe , that it certainly was not the intention of the board of general officers to strip the soldiers of their breeches and boots , though the accusation reminded him of an anecdote he had heard of a French officer in the peninsula , who , hearing of the approach of the English army at night , leaped out of bed and mounted his horse in the exact predicament supposed by the hon . member . Their clothing was paid for partly by their colonel , and partly by stoppages of their money . The money was supplied in the first instance , by the officer , and then the portion to be supplied by the soldier , was repaid by small instalments to suit the convenience of the private . Another thing that had called forth animadversion , was the change from leather breeches to pantaloons ; but the experiment had been tried in the artillery train , and found infinitely preferable . The leather when wet was difficult to be cleaned , neither was it so warm a clothing . The various alterations made in their dress were therefore effected , not to make them appear fine gentlemen in the streets , but because it was thought they would be found conducive to their comfort , and beneficial to the service