of all the mischief . He would not have raised the flame by calling in the aid of other persons to assist the cabinet , which had given to the proceeding a character of uneasiness and anxiety that had been very injurious . maintained that the Prince Regent was placed by the appearance of the letter in print , in a situation that forced him to take the opinion of grave honourable persons , as to the line he was to adopt upon this subject . He denied being a party to the publication of the extracts , which appeared in a newspaper some days back . What took place was this , he and Mr. Adam , and Mr. Jekyll , were not called to revise the proceedings of the council in 1806 , but they were commanded by the Prince to give their opinions upon questions proposed to them . They met at his house , locked up all the papers while the subject was in discussion ; they destroyed all the copies but one , and he had not seen the papers since , till he was shewn the extract that was printed in one of the newspapers the other day . requested Mr. C. Johnstone to withdraw his motion . refused so to do , adding , that it was a proud day for him , because it had completely established the innocence of her royal highness the Princess of Wales . The question was put , and Mr. C. Johnstone 's motion was negatived without a division . The House then adjourned . presented a Petition to the same effect from the Catholics of the city of Limerick ; and in doing so , he thought it necessary to state , what the petitioners did not ask . They asked for no political power as a body : they only asked that they , as individuals , might at the pleasure of a Protestant sovereign , or a Protestant community , be eligible to such offices as the Protestant sovereign or Protestant community might think them calculated to fill with advantage to the country : they asked for no establishment of their own Church in the place of the establishment of the Church of England : they only asked , that they might , without a stigma upon them , exercise their own religion . They wished for no change in any of the establishments of the state , but only the opportunity of defending those establishments which their conduct and their oaths proved them willing to protect and support . This he had thought proper to say , because , from what he had read and heard , he knew that most unfounded insinuations and statements had gone abroad respecting the views of the Catholics . rose for the purpose of bringing before the committee the Army Estimates for the year . In executing this task , his lordship observed that it would not be necessary to occupy much of their time . Gentlemen on the other side were so well acquainted with the nature of the forms of these Estimates , that he had no observations to offer on that head ; but might content himself with stating the variations between the amounts for the present and the last year . These variations he should premise , arose solely from the increase of our establishments , which , from a general view of the matter , would be found to have been augmented by the 1157 number of 12,000 men , occasioning the additional expence of 390,000l . This increase , he repeated , was owing to the increased numbers of our effective force , and not from any additional expenditure on items in the Estimates differing from preceding years . The best mode of rendering these Estimates clear to the committee , would be to take them head by head ; and though this would lead him somewhat into detail , he trusted that would be compensated by the satisfactory view it allowed him to take of our military situation . The first head to which he should direct their attention was