refutation of the charges preferred by the American government ? —If it is answered that the hopes of pacification were not abandoned by us , I reply , that such a refutation was rendered even more desirable by the supposed probability of an immediate restoration of peace . For had peace been concluded , then it would have been too late : the accusation would have been recorded , and no public answer to it would have been in existence . One of the imputations , for instance , contained in the declaration is , that we had demanded of America that she should force our produce and manufactures upon France . Such a demand would have been most unreasonable and unjust . I have no doubt that it was never made . 76 But it was highly important that such an accusation should be refuted . Another imputed cause of war is , that in 1809 , when we were engaged in an amicable negociation with America , an emissary was sent by our government into the territory of the United States to dismember the union , and to stir up I know not what disturbances . That , Sir , is a charge which ought for our own character , to have been directly contradicted by our government in the face of Europe . I speak the more anxiously and earnestly on this point , because it is one upon which I might be supposed to have something to answer for individually , inasmuch as I had the honour unworthily to hold the seals of the Foreign Office in 1809 , at the time when this transaction , if it took place at all , must have originated . For myself , I solemnly declare in the face of the whole world , that if such a mission was dispatched , I had no knowledge of it ; I was no party to it ; I never heard of it , until I saw it imputed to the British government in the American declaration . The indignation which I feel on my own account at this accusation , I likewise feel for my sovereign and for my country.—I hope and trust that every member of the administration of the time , can disclaim all knowledge of any such transaction as confidently as I do . But , Sir , such a disclaimer ought to have been made without loss of time . It is not indifferent to the cause and character of this country that it should have lain six months under such an imputation . It may not be inoperative as to the prolongation of the war : for the American people may be better satisfied with a war which they think has its grounds in justice : and unrefuted calumnies must pass with them for substantiated charges . In both views , both for war and for peace , I could have wished that the experiment had been tried of a system the very reverse of that which we have adopted ; that we had been prompt in refuting the accusations of the enemy , and in retaliating his aggression ; instead of leaving him by our silence and our inactivity at once satisfied of the justice of his attack upon us , and fearless of its consequences . Sir , with respect to the internal situation of the country , I have no occasion to trouble you with any remark . I have nothing to qualify in my assent to that part of the Address . There is only one point , a point 77 not slated , but omitted in the speech , upon which I think it necessary to say a few words . I allude to the Catholic question . Sir , I impute no blame for the omission of this subject in the speech , because I do not conceive that the operation of the Resolution which I had the honour to propose last year , and which this House adopted , was to impose on the executive government the duty of originating the consideration of the Catholic question . I