moment when America threw her power ( power in the sense of embarrassment ) into the scale of France . It was at the moment when Buonaparté had declared his intention of invading and subduing by arms , every country that would not submit to receive his commercial regulations , and to become the instruments of his will—it was at the moment when a large French army was assembled on the confines of Russia , and when Buonaparté was proceeding to lead them , in the sanguinary expectation ( an expectation so happily defeated ) of compelling the whole world to adopt his measures—it was at that moment that the government of the United States , with an unexampled degeneracy of feeling , thought it consistent with the character and interests of America to associate herself with France in the base and violent attempts of the latter . Was this a country entitled to hold the language of independence , or to talk of abolishing the rights and privileges of others ? Was this the standard of American principle and American practice on the great question whether the world should be governed by its ancient laws , or by the arms of France ? Was the moment when the American vessels , burnt by the French , were yet seen smoking on their coasts , the moment for indulging in oblivion of all the insults and injuries that America had received from France , and of embracing France in the bonds of a strict amity ? If ever there was an event to which the most pregnant circumstances gave a character of peculiar reprehensibility , the decision of America was that event . With respect to the delay in the 612 publication of the declaration of his Majesty , in answer to that of the American government , it was occasoned by the hope that America might still become sensible of her error . Thus , had he touched on all the points to be considered . He trusted the House would not suppose that it was merely the conduct of his Majesty 's government on which they were to pronounce . Unquestionably he hoped that their conduct had been strictly honourable , and that parliament would so consider it . But the great question was , whether or not the war with America was justifiable on the part of this country , and whether or not the House would pledge themselves to maintain it with vigour . He had no hesitation in laying his hand on his heart , and declaring that as he was satisfied that every justifiable means had been resorted to in order to avoid hostilities , so he was no less persuaded that a vigorous prosecution of the contest would be the surest mode of bringing it to a speedy and successful termination . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to acquaint his Royal Highness that we have taken into our consideration the papers-laid before us by his Royal Highness 's command , relative to the late discussions with the government of the United States of America : `` That , whilst we deeply regret the failure of the endeavours of his Royal Highness to preserve the relations of peace and amity between this country and the United States , we entirely approve of the resistance which has been opposed by his Royal Highness to the unjustifiable pretensions of the American government , being satisfied that those pretensions could not be admitted without surrendering some of the most ancient , undoubted , and important rights of the British empire : `` That , impressed as we are with these sentiments , and fully convinced of the justice of the war in which his Majesty has been compelled to engage , his Royal Highness may rely on our most zealous and cordial support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour , and for bringing it to a safe and honourable termination . '' said , that though the noble lord had not quoted any