overrate his merits , in the fondness and zeal of their partiality , he would have remained silent . But years of painful labour in the field had earned for the name of Wellington , that glory and renown which were now attached to it . In the field he had triumphed over and over again , beating the most consummate generals of the enemy 's army , and driving them from their strong holds . Such were the feats he had achieved , besides overcoming all those difficulties attendant upon a warfare like the one in which he was engaged : but that great and valuable man was rewarded . The public voice united in expressing admiration of the man and of the warrior , and he could not refrain from mingling his with the general voice . In tracing the course of his successful career , no one could fail to call to mind 18 Ciudad Rodrigo , Badajoz , or Salamanca—successes that had demonstrated the vigilance , the skill , the rapidity , and the decision which had produced such admirable results . They were results that had raised the military character of the country . The skill which had planned those successes was seen in a variety of forms ; but in no instance was it more remarkable than in having compelled the enemy to raise the siege of Cadiz , before which they had been for two years . That glorious event had only failed in bringing about the probable result by an actual and direct disobedience of orders—a disobedience that had since been punished by the prompt proceeding of the government of Spain . That was an unfortunate event : and , at this moment , it was impossible to see of what advantages it had deprived us . That it had materially promoted the failure before Burgos , he had little reason to doubt ; but , however mortifying that event might be , still they had no reason to despond . The effects of such a disappointment , and of such a failure , might soon be retrieved by that commanding genius which had already done so much for Spain . Even the present condition of the enemy afforded much ground for exultation . He had been compelled to collect his forces , and , when it was recollected with what difficulty they had been before supplied , how much greater must those difficulties be now that they formed one collected mass . There was no occasion for him to recapitulate the circumstances that had attended the raising of the siege of Cadiz , the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , of Badajoz , and of Salamanca ; but no one would deny that they were highly advantageous to the general cause.—But fortunately the influence of this brilliant campaign was not confined to the peninsula : it had been felt in the remotest corners of the world : In Russia they had seen what might be done by constancy and perseverance ; for in Spain this country had evinced , by an actual and successful course , what might be done by perseverance ; and the lesson had not been lost on the emperor of Russia . In Russia too was already seen what might be achieved by a determined resistance to the presumptuous pretensions of an unprincipled and ambitious foe . The emperor of Russia had given great hopes to enslaved Europe . In the field he had given proofs of firmness and decision ; and by entrusting this country with 19 the Russian fleet , he had given a proof of his implicit faith in England.—The new treaty with the Sicilians was very favourable , their troops being thereby made more efficient to the general cause . Thus was the aspect of European affairs highly favourable . Not long since they had seen the whole continent of Europe arrayed under the despotic dominion of Buonaparté ; but they now saw efforts making to throw off that odious dominion , that gave the fairest and most flattering promise . They already saw the difficulties by which Buonaparté was surrounded . He not