, is no argument against granting them what is reasonable at present ; that the present question , does not affect the doctrine , discipline , nor government , the rights , privileges , and authority of the established church . It is a question solely on the expedience of relieving the Catholics from their political disabilities ; and our constitution would be as much violated by admitting them to ecclesiastical privileges , as it now is by excluding them from civil ones.—Finally , the weight of authority is already on this side of the question ; I have great gratification in quoting the opinions of the late archdeacon Paley ; but the union of the most eminent practical statesmen is complete ; and when I consider that Mr. Pitt and Mr. Fox , who disagreed on almost every other subject , and carried the nation along with them in their disagreement , were united on the policy of Catholic concession , I can not but think it strange , that those who implicitly adopted the opinions of either the one or the other , when they were at variance , 837 should hesitate in their assent , when the concurrence of the two increased the probability that each was in the right . I am sure none of the friends of Mr. Pittwill deny that it was his opinion that the civil inabilities of the Catholics might be removed without prejudice to the church , and with material benefit to the state ; although an obstacle too notorious to render it necessary to do more than allude to it , which continued during the remainder of his life , but is now removed , prevented him from making the attempt to carry that opinion into practical effect . I think that , particularly considering the state of the public mind , and the apprehensions of danger which exist in respectable quarters , it would not be the part of wisdom in the legislature to discard from their deliberation the question of securities ; securities , however , not amounting to a verbal renunciation of their religion on the part of those of whom they are required ; but such securities as the Roman Catholics may grant and the Protestants ought to be contented with . The Committee , should it be the pleasure of the House to go into one , will be the proper place for this part of the discussion . I thank the House for the indulgence with which they have heard me , and hope that the resolution the House may come to will be such as to conciliate the confidence and affection of our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects without endangering the Protestant constitution in church or state . addressed the House as follows : —Mr . Speaker , upon an occasion of such expectation as this is , I am induced to offer myself to the notice of the House by one consideration alone . The vote which I shall give , in favour of the right hon . gentleman 's motion , would have sufficiently recorded my opinion upon the subject now under discussion , but it would not have recorded the grounds upon which that opinion is founded . The House has listened , with admiration and delight , to the sentiments delivered by distinguished natives of Ireland , who , from their talents , their experience , and their intimate acquaintance with that part of the united kingdom , are entitled to the highest consideration . I could not help wishing to add the opinion of an English member of parliament , founded upon , and confirmed by , connection and acquaintance with Ireland . I speak of Ireland , Sir , not with the 838 partiality of a native , but with the affection of a friend . I must say , Sir , that the subject appears to me not to be sufficiently considered in a practical view . Those who oppose the present motion , feel alarmed at some danger , which , they expect , would follow upon the concession of any further privileges to our Roman Catholic