effect . Particular notice had been taken of what had been said by an hon . baronet , respecting a certain prelate , yet last night the chief secretary for Ireland had cast quite as strong a reflection on another reverend prelate , who was in every respect as venerable and as immaculate as the bishop of Lincoln . spoke to order . He wished merely to say that his right hon . friend had last night distinctly disclaimed any intention of casting the most distant reflection on the bishop of Norwich . said it was not strictly regular for one hon . member thus to rise to explain what had fallen from another . resumed . The intemperate language held by the Catholics , he contended , was not to be wondered at when the slate of the press in Ireland was considered , which was understood to be under the controul of the right hon . gentleman 's government , from which publications were constantly issuing , filled 1038 with vituperative slanders against the Catholics . It was said that as the Catholic religion remained unchanged , the Catholics were no more to be trusted now than they were a century or a century and a half ago . Did they believe any reliance was to be placed on the oath of a Catholic ? If they did not , they must believe the Catholics capable of the most abominable perjuries ; if they did believe the Catholic on his oath , when he swore that no foreign ecclesiastical authority `` has , or ought to have '' any temporal power whatever in the King 's dominions , they ought to be satisfied that his faith was not dangerous to the state . Before they assumed that it was hostile to the state , it ought to be shewn in what respect his acknowledgment of the supremacy of the see of Rome could produce mischievous effects . Would the Pope raise an army to fight against this country , or Would he assist the views of foreign powers , by seducing the subjects of this country from their allegiance ? Would he assail us , by open force , or endeavour by secret plots to undermine our ruin ? In no one of these designs could the Catholics concur according to the oath they had taken . He had felt much satisfaction at hearing the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) say , he would certainly vote for going into the Committee , but that satisfaction had been considerably abated , at finding that he would as certainly vote against the Bill which it would subsequently be proposed to bring in . On the subject of the Veto he had to observe , he did not know that it was impossible for it ever again to be brought forward . The Catholics had not said they would never concede it . All they had said was , that at the time at which their resolutions were passed , it was inexpedient to give it up . He admired the tender anxiety which had been displayed by some hon . members for Catholic consistency , as manifested by their earnest endeavours to prove that the Veto would never be conceded , and that domestic nomination would never be submitted to , and on this ground objected to taking their claims into consideration . The Catholics were suspected of entertaining some secret opinions ( secret they must be , for no such opinions had ever been allowed ) , that they were not bound by an oath to keep their engagements with those who professed a different religion . On the doctrine of mental reservation , he wished to read the opinions of the Catholics . To 1039 these he wished to call the attention of the House , as what he was about to read was worth hearing . The Catholics had not affected to despise the charge preferred against them on this subject , but had applied themselves to disprove it , and declared , `` That it was a fundamental principle of their religion , that no person