the door against the consideration of the claims of the Roman Catholics , because you refuse to go into a committee upon those claims . As little ground is there for the argument , that , by going into a committee , the question will be set at rest . Suppose , what indeed can hardly admit of doubt , that the labours of the committee will end , either in no plan at all , or in fixing on such securities as the Roman Catholics will not grant ? Is the question at rest ? What is there in the resolutions of a committee , though adopted by the House , to prevent the right hon . gentleman , or any other member , from moving for another committee to reconsider and revise the proceedings of the former ? We know by experience , that , though the House has divided , by large majorities , against the appointment of a committee , the right 947 hon . gentleman has not been deterred from submitting to the House the same proposition in the ensuing session . The question can not be set at rest while the Roman Catholic pays unlimited obedience to a foreign , final , ecclesiastical , jurisdiction , paramount to the lawful government of his country . It is in vain to expect it . But if the committee can do no good , can it do no mischief ? Is it a matter of indifference ? Let the House remember the effect of the resolution of the last session . Will any man deny that a general alarm has been excited by it , not merely amongst the lower and more uninformed classes , but amongst the higher orders of the state , who are more removed from the influence of prejudice or passion ? Let them take warning by that example . Let them not add to that alarm by proceeding in the same course , under circumstances which preclude all hopes of obtaining any beneficial object . Let them not disregard the voice of the country , so unequivocally expressed , or give their constituents cause to regret their choice . Let them not shew their gratitude , by a division contrary to the wishes and the hopes of the people , and one which runs the risk of rekindling those religious animosities , and of reviving those contending interests , between Protestant and Papist , which , wherever they exist , are most fatal to the prosperity and happiness of a Country . Let them rather follow the example of that great man , whose words I am now quoting , and whose authority has been most incorrectly referred to , more than once in the course of the debate , particularly by my hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) , as sanctioning the motion of the right hon . gentleman . It is well known that Mr. Pitt was friendly to the claims of the Roman Catholics , though he refused to agitate the question . But when he resisted as he did a similar motion to that now before the House ; did he rest his opposition solely , as has been stated , upon the conscientious scruples of his sovereign ? All those who know any thing of Mr. Pitt , must know , that this ground of objection , had it stood alone , would have been with him , conclusive , under the circumstances of that period . But he did not rest his objection on this ground only . He laid equal stress upon the general opinion of the country . He told the House , that he looked at the measure as a measure of peace , of union , and conciliation ; as a 948 measure , which , he hoped , might have the effect of softening down religious differences , extinguishing all animosities , and uniting of men , of both religions , in one common zeal for the preservation of the constitution . But that , desirous as he was of pressing it , he never would have proposed it