He must pity the brave men who fell in the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo ; but my lord Wellington had succeeded in that undertaking ; and by that noble daring he had saved many lives which would have been lost at other places , so that the waste of lives during the whole campaign was on that account less than if that siege had not taken place . The plan of lord Wellington had been brought to a close , at the battle of Salamanca . He believed he had never intended to fight that battle ; he was then in full retreat , and determined to continue that retreat . The most skilful manœuvring took place on both sides for two days , till at the last an opportunity was given him , by the fault of the French general , which led to the victory . The pursuit of the French was carried on for some time , and at last abandoned . Its object was the liberation of Madrid , and that object had been at- 214 tained . He had beaten Marmont , Massena , and the pretended king of Spain ; and he thought that by the taking of Madrid he would rouse that spirit in the Spaniards , which then lay dormant , and which is still latent . He hoped that they would begin to do better than they had formerly done . He afterwards advanced and commenced the siege of Burgos , and during that advance he believed that general Clausel had shewn himself a worthy antagonist . In the siege of Burgos he had certainly failed , —not because he had not made both breaches and assaults ; —for , from the account of the gallant Dubreton himself , which he had that day seen in the newspaper , it appeared that no fewer than five breaches and assaults had been made , —but because these breaches and assaults had all been successfully withstood . An hon . gentleman who had spoken before him , and who always spoke well on every question ( Mr. Robinson ) , took off from the merit of lord Wellington , by not stating the case as it exactly was . Whether the siege of Burgos was proper or not was a military question , which it was not for him to decide ; but he was bound to suppose that lord Wellington had good reasons for the siege . After what he had seen , he thought it was no wonder if he expected to make up in celerity what he wanted in strength . He certainly had in the course of this campaign afforded Spain a great opportunity of making exertions in its own cause . He could not agree with the noble lord in the soliloquy which he , the other night , put into the mouth of that gallant commander , beginning with My great genius ; '' but he believed that the noble lord had conducted the campaign with considerable military skill ; and it appeared by intercepted communications and other channels of information , that the French marshals themselves , entertained an high opinion of his lordship 's military skill , from the manner in which he conducted his retreating army across the Agueda . He was convinced that the House and the country at large , were fully sensible that lord Wellington had performed great military services ; and if the crown thought proper to reward them with the honour of a marquisate , the House and the public would think it right to vote him immediately the means of supporting that dignity , without waiting for the discussion of what might be spared from indirect and precarious funds , the application of which might 215 form a subject of distinct consideration on a future occasion . He did not like the comparisons which had been made between the noble lord and the duke of Marlborough . Each of those illustrious commanders had sufficient merits of their own , upon which their fame might rest ; but since the comparison had been made , he would say ,