, that hitherto all his industry and exertions had proved useless and discouraging . He had been charged by the noble lord , with preferring hereditary power to parliamentary discretion ; but the real fact was , that he preferred , and would at all times prefer , hereditary power to contingent and purely accidental power placed in the hands , of a few ministers , supported by such majorities as he had seen in that House . The contingency of human life , which depended upon so great and mixed a variety of events , could not be set up as an argument for preventing the House to do that which they were bound to do , in order to provide a remedy certain and efficacious for a possible or a probable evil . He was decidedly of opinion , that the hereditary succession of the crown could not be restrained and mutilated ; for , to his mind , the consequences would not be dangerous alone , but would be attended with inevitable ruin . If the prerogative of the crown were to be suspended at any one time , what reason could be urged , that it might not be suspended at all times , and under all circumstances ? The hon . baronet concluded , with requesting the House to consider well the magnitude of the question in every constitutional point of view ; and to decide , whether they would , by negativing it , debar themselves , the crown , and the people , from the true provision and remedy against future dangers and evils which were not at all unlikely to occur . For his part he was at a loss to conceive how a greater good could be done to the country than by determining this important subject at a period like the present , when it did not appear possible that feelings of heat and animosity would be introduced into the discussion . said , that in doing so , he had to state , that although it was not so worded as to preclude any indulgences being granted to the Catholics , yet it prayed , in case of any concessions being granted , guards would be imposed effectually to protect the Protestant establishment . denied that the Petition presented by the hon . gentleman could with propriety be termed a petition from the Protestant freeholders of the county of Tipperary , there not having been any meeting convened for the purpose of taking the sense of the Protestant freeholders in a regular manner ; that was , by the sheriff or two or more magistrates , according to established custom . He objected to the Petition on the same grounds as those on which the Stafford Petition had been so properly objected to from the Chair , namely , that it had not been read , or bona fide signed , by a great number of the persons whose names were affixed to it . Of four noblemen whose signatures were affixed to it , one was now in the House ; and it was for him to say , that his had been affixed by himself . Of the other three , namely , lord Doneraile , lord Carrick , and lord Desart , he could take upon him to slate , that they , had not signed , but had given their assent to the affixing their signatures by letter . He now held in his hand a Petition of a very different nature—one which really spoke the sentiments of the Protestant freeholders of the county of Tipperary—not a smuggled Petition , like that presented by the hon . gentleman ; and the prayer of which was , that his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects in Ireland should be admitted to participate fully in the benefits of the constitution , without any restriction or condition whatsoever being imposed on them , on account of their religious tenets . said , that he certainly was not in the county at the time the Petition was signed , whereas the hon . general was , and therefore , had