he spoke from no other knowledge of lord Wellington 's plans than what any person might acquire who had attentively watched the whole course of the proceedings in Spain—for not one syllable concerning them did he derive from any communication with that great general on the subject ) —his object in advancing was , he maintained , in expectation of a powerful co-operation on the other side of the peninsula , and which co-operation had been concerted with him even at the time he was before Badajoz . He , therefore , must have expected the assistance of this force at the time of his advance into Spain ; for , had he not so expected it , he would venture to say that his advance into that country would have been unjustifiable , even though success had ultimately attended his progress . It was certain , however , that he remained a considerable time on the frontier , waiting for intelligence of the looked for arrival of this co-operating force , but waiting in vain ; he then proceeded forward , still confident in his hope that it would arrive sufficiently early to make a strong diversion in his favour , and found , as their lordships were already informed , the army of Marmorn much greater than he expected . Nor was that all he found : he found that Suchet had detached a corps to unite with Joseph 's army , and which made his force efficient to co-operate with Marmont 's army . What was the consequence ? On the 17th of July , five days before the battle of Salamanca , lord Wellington commenced , not a feigned , but a real retreat , and this retreat he continued during the 18th , 19th , 20th , 21st , and till late in the day of the 22d . But why did he retreat ? Why did this great general retreat ? Because , again , his means were inadequate . He had no money : he was so low in money that he had not 20,000 dollars in his military chest . The richest brigade in the army did not possess more than 3,000 dollars : and what were the only means left to this deserted general to recruit his 26 finances ? Forty thousand dollars had been sent to Cadiz , for the use of the Spaniards : these he was forced to intercept , and apply to the exigencies of the British army . Upon a fair comparison of his force with that of Marmont , and taking into calculation the reinforcement of Joseph 's army by the detachment from Suchet , which detachment he would have been unable to spare , if the Sicilian expedition had arrived in due time on the eastern coast of Spain , as it would have fully occupied his whole army , lord Wellington deemed it most prudent to retreat , and he accordingly did so . Here he would request their lordships to pause for a moment . Here was a proof of lord Wellington 's inadequacy of means . He retreated ; and in ascribing that retreat to a want of resources , he was borrowing nothing from his imagination . The cause and effect were plain before them ; and he might reason upon the subject , either from the cause to the effect , or from the effect to the cause . He might shew that his means were inadequate , and therefore he was compelled to retreat , or he might argue from the fact of the retreat , that he wanted the power to pursue his operations : and this deficiency of power arose chiefly , if not entirely , from the tardy and inefficient co-operation of the Sicilian expedition . The next step in tracing the progress of lord Wellington , brought him to a period full of glory and renown ; he meant the battle of Salamanca . But from what circumstances did that battle arise ? Did it arise out of his efficiency , or out of his necessity ? It arose from the magnificence , the