Wiltshire , refused to oppose the Catholics . Nine counties have sent only one Petition each , from one town in each ; three counties have sent two ; three counties have sent three ; and two counties more than four , from towns within them , signed by the laity . Twenty-three Petitions come from corporations . From twenty English counties , five Welsh counties , and all Scotland , there is not one Petition from the laity . The just inference , therefore , is , that the sense of the people is decidedly in favour of the Catholics . Of the manner in which these Petitions have been obtained , it is only requisite to call to the recollection of the House , that the Third Part of the Statement of the Penal Laws was read , and believed to be an authentic work , during the whole time that these Petitions were preparing and deciding upon . In regard to the matter contained in them , this is of much more serious importance , as it indicts a whole community of professing treasonable principles , and teaches the people of England to form false notions of the nature of the constitution . By so doing , it leads them astray , from taking a right course , in case its safety should really be endangered by an attempt to subvert it . But before entering on any examination of the contents of these Petitions , it is fit to enquire whence the necessity arises , of again discussing the obnoxious tenets which are imputed to the Catholics . Every one , who was present at the debate , when a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) made his motion , last session , must well remember that the only point at issue was , whether or not any conditions should be annexed to the concession ? The House would not have listened to any member , who might have wished to revive these charges . A right hon . and learned doctor seemed to have made his dying speech , in the preceding debate on the Catholic Petition . He had actually retired from the contest , as if wholly and for ever overthrown by the incessant and well 988 directed attacks of an hon . baronet ( sir J. Cox Hippisley ) . But now we have , again , imposed upon us the task of resuming a discussion of antiquated doctrines and exploded calumnies , of that rubbish , as it was called by Mr. Burke , that nuisance , which he supposed to have been removed , even when writing , in 1795 ; of those accusations , which , even the corporation of the Protestant charter schools in Ireland have abandoned , by suppressing the catechism which taught them ; of those doctrines which lord Liverpool disclaimed in 1810 , and which Mr. Perceval allowed , in his last speech on this subject , were never , in any degree , the grounds of his opposition . All this we were again called upon to reargue , when this debate began ; but it would appear that we have once more gained our advanced position ; for the arguments , which have already been advanced , have put to flight the whole bench of ministers , who seem unwilling , any longer , to hear what may be said in favour of the motion , because they are utterly incompetent to answer or refute it . If we examine what the causes are , which have given so much confidence to those who have lately revived a clamour against the Catholics , we may discover the fons et origo mali , by referring to the history of the last thirteen months . The secondary causes have been the Charges of reverend prelates , and the activity of the inferior clergy . It seems , the bishop of Lincoln has considered the church to be in such imminent danger , as to justify him in delivering to his clergy , at a triennial visitation , what , to some , may