said , he had been in the habit of calling the attention of the House to the general state of the expenditure of the country on occasions similar to the present ; but as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had given the outline of a plan which he was soon to submit to them for their consideration , he should defer his observations on that subject till that plan came under discussion . He would only state at present , that if any person thought that he was less called on to retrench in consequence of that plan to render fresh taxation unnecessary for the next four years , he was most egregiously mistaken , and would be paying a very bad compliment to his right hon . friend . No person could look at his plan without feeling that it could be justified by necessity alone , and that if the war should continue for any length of time , the country would , in consequence of it , be involved in very serious difficulties . He wished at present merely to state some objections to certain parts of the proposed estimates . The first kind of increased expence was , for an augmentation of two troops to the two regiments of life guards , stated at 28,000l . a piece ; but this was by far the smallest part of the expence attending them . It was stated that this augmentation of two troops was necessary to these regiments , before they could be sent on foreign service . Now , were these two regiments , with reference to fitness , the very best cavalry regiments of the kingdom ? If they were not the most fit to be employed on foreign service , they were certainly the best adapted for 1167 the purpose of being employed at home , in all cases of public ceremony and procession , and for the preservation of the peace . They were a body of men whose appearance was highly calculated to attract the attention of every person . He was incapable himself of giving any opinion with respect to these matters ; but every officer who had served in the peninsula with whom he had conversed , told him that these regiments were not particularly adapted for the service of the peninsula , and that other regiments might have been selected , fully as well adapted . But what seemed to be most reprehensible was the delay in sending them off . After the battle of Salamanca had opened an extensive field of operations , the great officer at the head of our army was desirous of advancing into the heart of Spain , and for that purpose wished to have a supply of cavalry , as speedily as possible , to enable him to act with efficacy on the large plains of Castile . On the 22d of July the battle took place , and early in August the order was given to the life guards to prepare for foreign service . The troops , however , only left their barracks in October , and they remained at Lisbon till some time in the course of last month ; so that they were of no use in the campaign . He hoped he should not be told that there were no other corps in the country more fit to be sent out , or capable of being dispatched sooner . Of 35,000 English cavalry . 12,135 were at home , and besides , there were 2,340 foreign cavalry in the country ; and a great part of this force was fit to proceed immediately on any service . He did not wish to speak of the foreign troops with any thing like captious jealousy ; but he must say this—that if any description of troops more than another ought to be employed out of the country , under the existing circumstances of the world , it was foreign cavalry . With respect to our cavalry , there could be no difficulty of remounting it to any extent . Cavalry could not be wanted in this country , except for