a mass of property in any hands less elevated than the first law authority of the state . Upon these grounds , he thought nothing better could be at present proposed than the Bill before the House , and he would therefore give it his support . observed , that no notice had been taken in the House of Lords of the arrears of business in the Court of Chancery previous to a motion which he made about two years ago . He did not then propose his plan as a perfect one , but as one which might be improved . The great delay of justice , he affirmed , at that time , was , in fact , a denial of justice . Lord Mansfield formerly sat for lord Thur-low , as temporary Speaker of the House of Lords ; and why might not a temporary Speaker be now appointed ? In his opinion , it became the House to repel an in- 484 sinuation which had been thrown out against them as the Commons of England , which imputed to them some of the delays which had taken place . He declared it to be his intention to vote for postponing the further consideration of the Bill . This measure , he contended , would be attended with inconveniencies which might have been avoided had the course been pursued , which , on a former occasion , he had recommended . He thought it would be well for the House to pause , and to consider if some more effectual remedy could not be devised . The present measure was so inadequate , that had he not known from what quarter it came , he should have imagined it had originated with some country attorney , who had never seen the Court of Chancery . If any lawyer would take upon himself to say the Bill before the House would remedy the evil complained of , he would vote for it . [ An hon . member here called out `` I will . '' ] Mr. Taylor , however , declined taking his opinion on the subject , and stated the impression on his mind to be such , that it could not be removed by the decision of all the Courts of Westminster . , thinking it inexpedient that this Bill should pass into a law , was desirous of stating his objections to it ; and should do so very briefly , as the arguments which had been urged in favour of the Bill were so few in number , and so small in measure , as to require very little refutation . It seemed to be maintained , that the members of this House were not fit judges of such a question . If that disqualification were supposed to apply generally , much more forcibly must it apply to those members ( of which he was one ) who could boast of no means of forming a judgment but plain sense unadorned with legal learning . He must however protest against any such plea in bar of their discussions ; and must deny that the lay part of the House were implicitly to adopt the dicta of certain learned personages in matter not of law , but of regulation . He yielded all respect possible to the House of Lords , but could not consent to pass the Bill they had sent down without examination . Some considerations indeed there were which might perhaps tend to diminish in this particular instance the general respect due to the authority of their lordships . It appeared , on the very , face of the Bill , that it arose out of arrears in their lordships jurisdiction . They might be better judges of the extent of the evil ; 485 but if the evil lay with them , the Commons ought not to exercise the less jealousy in examination of the remedy proposed . A learned friend of his had set out with rebuking an excess of levity , and a want of grave consideration on this subject ; but he should have been aware