lord , who he tells us had a conversation with the present Pope : in that interview the Pope is represented as complaining of the treatment he received from this country , contrasted with other states— '' Every other state , '' exclaimed his holiness , `` sends to me their ambassadors—their envoys or their ministers—your country alone refuses me that courtesy . '' Whatever might have passed between Pius 7 , and the noble lord alluded to , I must be permitted to entertain my doubts of the accuracy of the representation ; for I contend that it is a fundamental principle of the See of Rome that no ambassador , envoy , or minister shall be received , who does not come accredited by a Roman Catholic state . I know that Russia , Prussia , and Sweden has agents at Rome both for commercial purposes , and for communications with the Datary , but they are not accredited representatives of their sovereigns . This assertion I make not merely from the general notoriety of the fact , but on the authority of the instructions drawn up by order of Pius 6 , for the conduct of a prelate , sent into this country in 1793—the late cardinal Erskine . In those instructions was an article expressly stating that it was the fixed policy of the court of Rome to allow of no diplomatic representation from any Non Catholic prince . A copy of these instructions were transmitted to me by the cardinal 's secretary of state , by order of the sovereign pontiff himself , but I now refer to them merely to shew the facility with which the compiler of the Statement gives currency to error.—I will not detain the committee by pointing out other errors , though I might state one , indeed , not very courteously , indeed I might say very coarsely , directed against myself . But this Statement , however accurate in other respects , I contend is not an authority to supersede the investigation of a committee , which alone is competent to examine and report the state of those laws , Which must be clearly in our view , before 1218 we can adequately legislate on this important question . Another part of the useful labours of such a committee would be to ascertain and authenticate the answers to the questions submitted , at the instance of Mr. Pitt , to six of the Catholic universities.—The right hon . and learned member for Armagh , has , more than once , asserted that those answers rest merely on the authority of a private individual—the late Dr. Hussey , —this is not the fact—two prelates of the Roman Catholic communion are now in the kingdom , whose attestations under their own hands are in my possession , and which , together with the attestations of the surviving members of the committee in communication with Mr. Pitt , I had the honour to lay upon the table of this House , though not authoritatively , in the course of a former debate ; a course which was afterwards taken by an illustrious personage , in another place . I consider it therefore as a matter of no light interest to have these answers authenticated , as scarcely any document of more importance can be produced in favour of the integrity of the civil principles of Roman Catholics as subjects of a state , not in communion with Rome.—I mean and contend that the integrity of their allegiance is in perfect consonance with the doctrine and discipline of their church , though it may have often been at variance with the principles of the court of Rome . Again , the resolutions of the four metropolitan and six senior Roman Catholic bishops of Ireland , transmitted to the noble viscount on the treasury bench in 1799 , is a document which ought to be officially substantiated . How often have we heard that arrangement misrepresented , both within and without the doors of parliament . The decryers of the measure contend that the resolutions were voted in what they call the reign