in execution till the expiration of an indefinite period , at the end of which it might be found altogether inapplicable to the actual situation of the country , and the actual temper of the people . But be that as it may , the hon . gentleman must pardon me for saying that I do not think the reason he has himself stated for supposing that Mr. Pitt had no plan is quite satisfactory . It is , that somebody somewhere has said , that Mr. Pitt did not communicate any plan to him . Now the value of this conclusion must depend entirely upon the character of the person . If he were Mr. Pitt 's most intimate friend , with whom he was in the habit of confidential communication upon all subjects—if , moreover , he were himself favourable to the measure , some probability that Mr. Pitt had no plan would arise from his silence , a probability however completely outweighed by other probabilities , and by positive testimony of various kinds . But if the person were not on the most intimate footing with Mr. Pitt , if he were not the person to whom he habitually disclosed his first and most secret thoughts , if he were a decided enemy to emancipation , if his subtle and scholastic mind teemed with endless objections to every 919 measure that his interest did not engage him to support , then no inference whatever could be drawn from Mr. Pitt 's not having stated to him his plan . All therefore that the hon . gentleman has said upon this subject appears to me to have been said in vain . His own reason for thinking that Mr. Pitt had no plan is utterly inconclusive ; and if upon other grounds we are disposed to admit the fact of his having had none , still less does it follow that he was at bottom hostile to the principle of which he uniformly professed himself a friend . We have then still a right to the great name and authority of Mr. Pitt , and I rejoice at it both for the sake of the person and for the sake of the measure , more perhaps for the sake of the person , than for the sake of the measure . For though it is undoubtedly of importance to the cause , that it should be sustained and adorned by the sanction of Mr. Pitt , in conjunction with that of so many other great men , it is of still greater importance to the memory of Mr. Pitt that he should be universally recognized as the sincere and consistent , not , as some of his friends would persuade us , the canting , hypocritical , paltering advocate of emancipation . But , Sir , it has been said , that whatever may be the opinion of certain eminent persons in the higher orders , the prevailing sentiment of the country , particularly in the middle classes , is by no means favourable to emancipation , and that they regard the progress the principle has already made in parliament with uneasiness and alarm . Sir , I am far from denying that this statement has some foundation in truth . I see with regret that a large and respectable part of the community still labour under delusions which ail the powers of reason and discussion have hitherto been unable to dispel , and that in placing the Catholics upon a footing with their Protestant fellow subjects we shall render to the country a service which it is by no means in a state justly to appreciate . But then , Sir '' in estimating the value of public opinion either as a guide to our own , or with a view to its ultimate effect upon any great measure , we ought to consider whether it is a growing or a declining opinion , of what materials it is composed , and whether it rests upon a temporary or a permanent foundation : Now it is evident that this opinion or prejudice against the Catholics ( call