at present , la a short space of time it would make the Lord Chancellor a less effective officer than he now was . It might be depended on as certain , that men in general were not very ready to do what others would do for them . The Lord Chancellor would therefore , in a short space of time , be in a different situation from that in which he had been for many years . In seeking a person to fill that situation hereafter , the first lawyer would not be sought out , but the first politician in the country . If the Chancellor were to excel as a politician , and be admirable as a debater , he would naturally think that he might safely leave the decision of causes to persons with more legal skill but less ability as debaters . He would have , no doubt , the assistance of the two ablest lawyers , as his Master of the Rolls and Vice-Chancellor , and on them the admirable debater and party-man would repose for the execution of his legal duties . By such a plan , the Chancellor would not gain any time for hearing Appeals , but would have less . This was a great objection to the Bill.—It was intended that every part of the business which was to be transacted by deputy should be open to appeal . To whom ? To the Chancellor himself , a considerable portion of whose time was consumed in the present state of things by Appeals from the Rolls . And it could not be supposed that there would be fewer Appeals from the Vice-Chancellor , who was to be an officer inferior to the Master of the Rolls , and with whose decisions it could not be expected that suitors would be better satisfied than with the Master of the Rolls at present . It was impossible to find a man for the situation of Vice-Chan- 471 cellor of more learning , talents , or weight , than the Master of the Rolls , and it was therefore evident that by the creation of this new officer a multiplication of Appeals would be created , and this was a great evil , from the additional expence and delay which it must occasion.—The consequence of such appointment would be , that those questions which at present were settled before the Chancellor , for the most part finally , would first be heard by the Vice-Chancellor , and then be brought by appeal before that learned lord , and thus the appointment would be attended with great additional expence , and would not relieve the Chancellor . In his opinion , there were other resources , besides those narrow remedies to which it was wished to confine the measure . He did not see the same radical objections to the separation of the office of Speaker of the House of Lords and Lord Chancellor , which the noble mover did . He did not mean to say that this was desirable , but there might be circumstances sufficient to render it necessary as a temporary measure . He knew that Mr. Pitt had at one time an intention to introduce such a measure , although he had not thought fit to proceed . Why he afterwards departed from his intention of carrying it into execution , he really did not know ; but his authority was as good perhaps as that of the noble lord . The House of Lords were not in the same situation as the other House , with regard to the appointment of a Speaker . There was no necessity for their having a particular person in the chair , as was the case with the Commons . They frequently appointed a temporary Speaker under peculiar circumstances . Lord Mansfield frequently presided in the House of Lords , and when the great seal was in commission , a Speaker was always appointed temporarily . To him it appeared , that the Lord Chancellor might receive more assistance in Chancery from that eminent person the Master of the Rolls than he