for that was the fact . If any regulation could have been resorted to , to serve as an adequate substitute for the exercise of that right , surely in the course of the last ten years , something might have been done . But during the whole course of that period nothing had been suggested by the American government that could in any way be equivalent to us to our right of impressment . On the contrary that government had shown a disposition , on various occasions , to obstruct , in every way , our recovery of our own seamen who had deserted . In the case of the Chesapeake , undoubtedly , blame was imputable to us ; but how stood the case in its circumstances ? Several of our men had deserted ; the desertion being accompanied by acts of mutiny , they were demanded from the Chesapeake , and it was solemnly denied that any such persons were on board . Application was made to the American government , and after some time , the government denied that any such men were in the service . Application was again made to the officer commanding the Chesapeake , who declared , upon his honour as an officer , that no such men were on board . Yet , when the Chesapeake was boarded by the Leopard , these very men were found on board , and taken away by force , they having assumed different names , by order of the commander of the vessel , and no disapprobation of any part of the conduct of this officer in this transaction had ever been expressed by the American government . Upon another application to the American government they had declined to interfere , alleging as a reason our conduct with regard to the desertion of a man from the ship Constitution at Spithead . Yet how stood the case with regard to this man ? It appeared from his statement that he was a native of Ireland , that he had been for several years in the British merchant service , that whilst belonging to a British merchant vessel , and being on shore , he was made drunk and carried on board the American vessel Wasp ; that he stated himself to be a British seaman , and desired to be released ; but this was refused , and he was , on repeating the demand , actually put in irons . He was afterwards removed on board the Constitution and kept in irons for some time ; he contrived , however , to make his escape , but was pursued to a considerable distance , brought back , and tried by a court martial , and 579 although shewing himself to be a British seaman , sentenced to be flogged for desertion , He afterwards made his escape from the Constitution when that ship was at Spithead . Yet this was the case that the American government chose to set up as an apology for not doing justice in cases where a legitimate complaint was made on our part , for the encouragement given to seamen deserting from our vessels . These facts shewed the disposition of the American government to be really hostile to this country , whilst their never having been able to explain or suggest what regulations could effectually stand in the place of our right of impressment , proved the impracticability of any such regulations . The government of the United States , besides , claimed a right hitherto unheard of in any other country , that of cancelling the allegiance of subjects of other states . It would be at once seen that he alluded to their practice of granting letters of naturalization . To obtain letters of naturalization in the United States , all that was requisite was the proof of five years residence there , whether possessed of any property or not , for which purpose proofs might readily be fabricated , and no contrary interest existed in the courts to investigate them . Two persons also stating themselves to be citizens of the United States ,