, without some proper controul . contended , that no parliamentary grounds had been shewn for bringing in this Bill , and , therefore , it must be opposed on its principle . It was said that this Bill was necessary for the protection of the land-owners in the immediate vicinity of the Canal ; but the fact was , they were not the persons who introduced this measure . On the contrary , he had presented a Petition from 100 land-owners , whose estates were likely to be affected by the clause . If therefore , the maxim , 'volenti non fit injuria , ' was a just one , the Bill ought not to be permitted to proceed farther . The persons supposed to be injured did not complain ; but those , who might be considered the oppressor 's , were the persons who appeared to be dissatisfied ; for the Canal Company , and not the land owners , were the supporters of the Bill . stated , that a Petition from 500 land-owners had been presented in favour of the Bill , and another from 100 land-owners , against it . Where there were such strong allegations on both sides , he thought the Bill ought to go to a committee . expatiated , at some length , on the benefits which would be derived from the act , as it at present stood : 45,000l . had been subscribed for making the canal from Brecknock ; and those by whom this large sum had been laid down , had no idea of making an advantageous percentage on it , but were influenced solely with the desire of benefiting the county , by bringing lime and coal articles which were much wanted ) into it , at a cheap rate . By the provisions of the act , they would be enabled to supply the town of Brecknock with coal and lime , from pits within eight miles of it ; instead of going , as they must otherwise do , to the distance of to miles ; the consequence must be , that coal , instead of 12s . would be sold at 15s . per ton ; and lime , at 14s . instead of 10s . per waggon load . The persons who wished the alteration to be made , called on parliament to strike a clause out of an act they had themselves procured , and desired gentlemen not to open the pits of lime and coal on their own estates . They had , in the first instance , availed themselves of the clause , as far as it could be serviceable to them in their monopoly , and now they would fain interpose to prevent others from receiving 1131 any benefit from it . He could very easily explain how so many landowners were induced to sign petitions in favour of the Bill . The persons who were interested under this eight mile clause , were those who had property on that side of the Canal , where the lime and coal-pits were . They wished the clause to remain as it was ; but those land-owners who petitioned for its alteration , possessed property on the opposite side , where there were no pits , and consequently , they were not at all affected by the measure . The House then divided , when there appeared—for the original motion , `` That the Bill be now read a second time , 93 ; for the Amendment , `` That it be read this day six months '' 160 ; majority against the Bill 67. moved , that strangers should not be re-admitted after the division on the Brecon Canal Bill . moved an adjournment ; first , because he wished it to appear , that when one member exercised an acknowledged right of excluding strangers , another member exercised a right equally undisputed , that of moving an adjournment : and secondly , because he owed it to himself , as a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) had uttered an indiscreet menace on the preceding