apostolic themselves ; though they afterwards renounced their signatures , and disclaimed and reprobated the instrument itself , as well as the very able and convincing arguments in support of it , adduced by the Catholic committee , by an Encyclical letter , by which they required absolute submission to their decrees ex Cathedrâ , and to which , in spite of reason , justice , and sound doctrine , which were all on the side of the committee , it was ultimately obliged to submit . I also refer to what passed in Ireland a few years ago on the subject of the Veto , or approbation of the crown , proposed to be exercised by it upon the nomination and selection of the Roman Catholic bishops of that part of the empire ; on which occasion , after much disgraceful shifting and tergiversation , on the part of the Roman Catholic bishops , the laity , at last , implicitly submitted to the fiat of their clergy ; when reason , justice , policy , and the constant undisputed practice , in all the other countries of Europe , Catholic or non-Catholic , were unequivocally on their side . Hence it may fairly be concluded , that the tenets of the Romish church generally , the submission of its clergy to the papal ( i. e. a foreign ) jurisdiction , and of its laity to this so influenced clergy , remain nearly as they were heretofore . It follows then that we ought to enquire in what state this foreign supreme jurisdiction now is , with reference to the state of affairs in Europe at this most alarming crisis . [ Mr. Yorke then referred to various transactions , which have lately passed between Buonaparté and the Pope , particularly in relation to the removal of the latter from Rome to Savona , and subsequently to Fontainbleau ; to Buonaparté 's public and solemn declarations that the French empire should submit to no spiritual nor ecclesiastical jurisdiction , but such as should be resident within itself , & c. & c. as well as to the new Concordat , very recently concluded upon between the Pope and Buonaparté at Paris ; from which it clearly appears that the former has finally submitted to become the subject and vassal of the latter . Buonaparté 's great anxiety , on these subjects , 830 was a clear proof of the real power of the Pope , and of the real importance the ruler of France attached to his character , although his slave and prisoner ; and the pains this eldest son of the Church and rightful successor of Charlemagne , had recently taken , with regard to the nomination of the bishops of France and Italy , afforded a lesson which ought not to be lost upon us . ] then proceeded : —I have ever thought that there was less danger to be apprehended , to this Protestant community , from this foreign ecclesiastical influence , while the Pope was resident at Rome , and possessed of an open , independent , temporal sovereignty there , than as now , when the Pope , powerless and degraded as he is described to be ( but still evidently possessing a most important spiritual influence ) , is completely in the hands of Buonaparté . In the former case it was possible that something might be accomplished ( through negociation ) , for settling this question , between our Protestant state and the Roman Catholics of the British empire ; but in the latter , it is apparent that nothing satisfactory can be within our reach . I must here again declare , Mr. Speaker , that it is to this foreign interference and jurisdiction , implicitly submitted to by the Popish clergy of these realms , that I principally object ; I consider the other peculiar doctrines of the Romish faith , such as transubstantiation , worship of saints , auricular confession , penance , & c. to be of comparatively trifling importance ; an importance , which attaches to their tenets , almost entirely in my opinion