his motion on the Report of the Finance Committee in 1810 , which recommended the abolition of one of those offices of paymaster as a sinecure . Mr. Long , in his evidence before that committee , admitted that lord C. Somerset had a salary of 2,000l . a year , and his deputy 500l ; that his lordship interfered but little and that his deputy was sometimes out of England for a considerable time , without the public business sustaining any loss The situation which lord C Somerset held was , as he conceived , a complete sinecure , which the Finance Committee had very properly recommended to be abolished . His lordship was besides being paymaster , one of the generals of districts , whom he was himself to pay . His district , too , was something like a sinecure , for there were four or five general officers there , and but very few men . He should proceed in the same manner , upon that occasion , as had been done in the case of colonel M'Mahon . although there was less difficulty in the present case , as this office was not secured by a patent , but simply held at the pleasure of the crown.—This office had been included in the Bill which had been thrown out in the Lords , but there was a more effectual means left them now , as they had the supplies in their own hands . On these grounds he should think it his duty to divide the Committee on the seventh Resolution , to which he would propose as an Amendment , That the sum of 2,000l . should be left out , being the salary of the noble lord , and 500l . being the salary of his deputy . said , that unaccustomed as he was to address the House , he should not have troubled them upon the present occasion , were it not for the allusion made to the office which he had the honour of filling . The hon . gentleman had stated that he founded his pro- 1176 posal with respect to one of the paymasters upon the Report of the Select Committee upon sinecure places . There was a Bill now in progress through the House upon the subject . It did , therefore , appear to him , premature , if not novel , to call for a decision upon one particular part of that Bill . He doubted whether the removal of one of the paymasters would have the effect desired . The result of it would be to place him and his right hon . friend ( Mr. Long ) on half pay , as the patent under which they enjoyed their places was a joint one . They did not enjoy half the salary of their predecessors , and he trusted that when the nature and responsibility of the office were considered , that salary would not appear too much . The salary appointed for the office in 1782 , was 4,000l . per annum . Mr. Burke , who brought in the Bill to regulate it at that time , knew well the duties of the office . He was influenced , at the same time , by a principle of economy , and would not appoint a salary too great for the labour . That labour and responsibility might be estimated from the comparative amount of the money which passed through the hands of the paymasters in 1783 and 1812 . In the former year it was 7,389,043l . and in the latter it was 29,295,690l . so that the responsibility increased four-fold . He would ask them , whether they would pass such a censure on the memory of Mr. Burke , as to resolve that the salary of an office should be reduced , which he did not consider overpaid by 4,000l . a year . The salary had not been increased since Mr. Burke 's time , it was only divided between two , and this division gave additional security to the public , not that he meant to insinuate