, was occupied in guiding the pen : that admiral Warren was busied in negociating , when he ought to have been sinking , burning , and destroying . Admiral 643 Warren sails from this country in the middle of August , and on the 27th of September he reaches Hallifax with his squadron , where he employs himself in writing dispatches to the American government ; while commodore Rogers , on the 10th of October , sails unmolested from Boston . But we waited , it seems , to be quite sure that we were actually at war ? Granted , for argument 's sake ( for no other purpose could I consent to grant it ) that in the first instance there might be not full conviction of the certainty of war ; but even after the American Declaration was received in the end of July , no hostile measure was resorted to by this country till the 14th of October , when letters of marque were issued , upon the receipt here of the intelligence ( and as might be not unfairly suspected , in consequence of that intelligence ) that the Guerriere frigate had been captured by the Americans.—What is the next advance towards actual war ? The blockade of the Chesapeake , and the Order in Council announcing that blockade was issued ; when ? —the day after the arrival of the intelligence that the Macedonian , another of our frigates , had fallen into the power of the republic . The loss of these two fine ships of war , produced a sensation in the country scarcely to be equalled by the most violent convulsion of nature . I do not attribute the slightest blame to our gallant sailors ; they always do their duty ; but neither can I agree with those who complain of the shock of consternation throughout Great Britain , as having been greater than the occasion justified ; who would represent the loss as insignificant , and the feelings of shame and indignation occasioned by it as exaggerated and extravagant . That indignation was a wholesome feeling which ought to be cherished and maintained . It can not be too deeply felt that the sacred spell of the invincibility of the British navy was broken by those unfortunate captures : and however speedily we must all wish the war to terminate , I hope I shall not be considered as sanguinary and unfeeling when I express my devout wish that it may not be concluded before we have re-established the character of our naval superiority , and smothered in victories the disasters which we have now to lament , and to which we are so little habituated . Sir , I entered on these points reluctantly on the present occasion . Other occasions will arise for their discussion . I hasten 644 to quit them . But having been expressly called upon to declare if I retained the sentiments which I before expressed upon the conduct of the war , I felt bound in fairness not to decline the avowal that my opinion not only remains unaltered , but has received additional confirmation from subsequent events . If it be true ( as I believe it to be ) in general that indecision and delay are the parents of failure ; that they take every possible chance of detriment to the cause in which they are employed , and afford every advantage and encouragement to the adversary ; it was peculiarly true in the present instance , that promptitude and vigour afforded at once the surest pledge of success in the war , and the only hope of averting it altogether . If , while the elections were pending the result of which was to place Mr. Madison , the archenemy of this country , in the president 's chair , a decisive blow had been struck by this country , the tide of popular opinion in America might have been turned , and the consequences of a long and ruinous war might have been avoided . I lament for the general happiness of mankind that no such vigorous