and conduct of a Catholic peer . When the Test Law was introduced into the House of Lords , lord Bristol candidly avowed that , `` as a faithful member of a Protestant parliament , his advice prudentially went with the main scope of the bill , '' though , `` as a Catholic of the church of Rome , his conscience obliged him to give his negative to it . `` * Here we see the conflicting ; and irreconcilable principles , and observe that the duty of the statesman yields to that of the churchman . What have we then to expect from less honourable minds , than that of this distinguished nobleman ! I have heard , Sir , and I am sorry to say , within these walls , the most harsh , the most illiberal censures cast on the clergy * See the new Parliamentary History of England , vol . 4 , p. 564 . 874 of the established church , for taking a share in what is called a merely political discussion . What , Sir ! after passing an act of political exclusion , not very consistent with the doctrine of universal right to office ; after incapacitating every individual of the clerical body from the possibility of addressing you in this House , will you debar them from the privilege of humbly petitioning you in favour of that venerable establishment , to whose interests they are bound by every tie of duty , as well as affection ? I deny , Sir , that they have come forward with a spirit , of bigotry or intolerance ; very different is the mild character of the church of England . `` Learning has a lovely daughter , and her name is Moderation . '' And the addresses from the clergy , lying on that table , are imbued with that genuine spirit of Christian charity , which improves and adorns society . It is , then , as a lover of toleration , as a warm friend of civil and religious liberty , that I plead for the maintenance of Protestant ascendancy . The right hon . mover disavows any intention of interfering with the Bill of Rights , or the Act of Settlement . He will recognize and reenact the security of the Protestant succession to the throne ; but , let me ask the right hon . gentleman , upon what principle he fixes the limit of Catholic rights , and says , `` thus far shall you go , but no farther . '' With what arguments will he combat the next petition from the Roman Catholics , when he has previously conceded , nay advocated its principle ? I have considered the subject of the Catholic claims , as it affects the general interests of the empire . I shall not presume to touch on the peculiar situation of Ireland , though I think much might be said on the causes of the irritation , which has been excited , in that country ; but I leave this subject to those who are acquainted , from personal observation , with her wishes , her wants , and her interests . I shall now conclude , Sir , with reminding the House of one of the queries of her sagacious and patriotic prelate , `` Whether those men who move the corner stones of a constitution , may not pull an old house on their own heads ? '' addressed the House in a maiden speech , as follows : — Mr. Speaker ; considering the question now before the House , as a question of the greatest importance , I have listened , 875 with proportionate attention , to the different opinions , which have been so eloquently delivered , during the discussion of it ; and I shall now trespass upon the House for a few minutes , not because I am presumptuous enough to suppose that I can have any claim to their favour , but because I do sincerely believe that , from that class of society , the country gentlemen , may best be