of the age . This is a commentary to which at all times it is essential to attend , and to which in this instance the text itself is altogether secondary and subordinate . If there is any fact clearly made out by history and experience it is this—that men are not guided uniformly by the doctrines contained in the books that are considered as the depositaries of their faith . The general operation of this principle , no doubt , is mischievous , but if we suffer under the evil , let us not on that account forget the advantage by which it is to a certain degree compensated . Unfortunately men are neither so pure , nor so just , nor so virtuous , nor so tolerating , as 929 true religion would make them , but then on the other hand they are neither so cruel , so absurd , so ferocious , nor so persecuting , as they would become by following literally the maxims of bigotry and superstition . The Catholics recognise in the Pope an authority paramount to that of the king—be it so , though they have denied the fact , and though they are ready to deny it again—but how long is it since that authority has been employed in hostility to the government ? Their principles teach them to hate an heretical sovereign—be it so , though the Pope whom we accuse them of deeming infallible has made an express declaration to the contrary ; but have they not for half a century ranked among his Majesty 's most loyal subjects ? They must be desirous to destroy our church , and to raise their own upon its ruins . If by that it is merely meant , that they had rather the Catholic religion was the established religion of the country , than the Protestant , no doubt the proposition is true , and ( mutatis mutandis ) it is equally true of every other class of dissenters . But what are the symptoms that should lead any man seriously to believe that the educated and wealthy part of the Catholics—those who in every important transaction must take the lead , are foolish enough , and wicked enough , and desperate enough , to wade through all the discord , misery , and slaughter , which the bare attempt to accomplish such a design must occasion . What , I ask , are the overt acts by which they have shewn this disposition ? I do not mean what are the overt acts of the century before the last ; but what is the submission to ecclesiastical power in matters regarding the state—what is the dangerous correspondence with the Pope , what are the treasons , what are the rebellions , by which the Catholics of the present day have forfeited all claim to that confidence and indulgence which is extended to other sects . For , I say , that until we can produce examples of real practical mischiefs , it is quite idle to talk of I know not what bulls , and canons , and Councils , of which though the letter is still preserved , out of a reverence to antiquity not unnatural in the most ancient church in Christendom , the spirit has long since ceased to animate the Catholic body . And then , Sir , comes another very important consideration—suppose this dangerous disposition to exist with unabated force in the minds of the Catholics , still , what are the additional means of carrying 930 it into effect which they would acquire by the repeal of the restrictive code ? —and how far is that repeal likely to increase or diminish the disposition ? Gentlemen are apt to argue this question as if the Catholics in their present state were absolutely powerless—a sort of Helots , or at best Paraguay Indians , and that we were deliberating whether or not we should now for the first time call them into political existence . But the Catholics have power , great power founded upon the sure , basis of increasing wealth and population ,