was fomented and organized . Such an examination would shew , that , of the whole Directory , but one was a Roman Catholic . For the truth of this statement , he would appeal to the declarations of the legislature . They had never designated it as a Catholic rebellion : and , surely , if they had believed it was , they would not have gone on , from year to year , making provision for the Catholic college at Maynooth.— ( Hear ! ) He was aware that many Roman Catholics were engaged in that melancholy business . But it could not be otherwise , it must always be the case where a rebellion existed in any country , the great mass of whose inhabitants was of a particular religion , that some of the members of that religion must be connected with it ; but , in the first French expedition , to Bantry Bay , so far from having any idea of assisting the invaders , every support was given by the Roman Catholics to his Majesty 's troops . While at that time , in the north , an organized system prevailed , in the south , the inhabitants were perfectly peaceable and loyal , and , with heart and hand , united in defending the country against the French . Was it right , then , that dignified clergymen should come forward and make such attacks ? Was it right that such statements should pass unrefuted ? To those mitred prelates who had been the means of procuring several of the adverse Petitions then lying on the table , he would strongly recommend the perusal of a passage , which struck his eye that morning , in a sermon preached by archbishop Sharpe , before the House of Lords , in Í700 . That learned divine there observed , `` If a preacher in the pulpit should presume to give his judgment about the management of public affairs , or to lay down doctrines as from Christ , about the forms and models of kingdoms and commonwealths , or to adjust the limits of the prerogative of the prince , or of the liberties of the subject in our present government , I say , if a divine should meddle with such matters as these in his sermons , I do not know how he can be excused from the just censure of meddling with things that nothing concerns , him . This is , in- 884 deed , a practising in state matters ; and is usurping an office that belongs to another profession , and to men of another character ; and I should account it every whit as indecent in a clergyman to take upon him to deal in these points , as it would be for him to determine titles of land in the pulpit , which are in dispute in Westminster-hall . `` * Such was the opinion of archbishop Sharpe , preaching before the House of Lords , on the 30th of January , 1700 . He felt where the duty of a clergyman ceased , and where the province of a legislator began . He did not doubt , but , in the proper place , the House of Peers , that reverend prelate would have delivered his sentiments on any subject which called for them ; but he very justly conceived , that the pulpit was not a place exactly suited to the discussion of politics . It was something extraordinary , that , in several of the charges lately delivered to the clergy , as well as in that to which he had particularly referred , and in some of the petitions against the Catholics , the belief in certain tenets of religion was alleged as a cause for excluding that body from the enjoyment of the privileges of the constitution , which very tenets , those who made the accusation either did themselves hold , or they were not members of the Church of England . For instance , the doctrine of exclusive salvation was insisted on as incapacitating and unfitting the Catholic