defray the expences of Chancery ; particularly as care would be taken that no appropriation of this money should interfere with the claim of any suitor who could make good his title . said , ironically , it gave him great satisfaction to find , that those hon . members who expressed their conviction that , in the committee , such improvements would be made in the Bill as would render it quite palatable to them , had all their wishes fulfilled by the introduction of the clauses and the filling up of the blanks as proposed by the noble lord . The Bill was so framed that the Court of Chancery must be now rendered a perfect model of legal dispatch and judicial celerity . So complete was it in all its parts , that he was almost tempted to believe it would banish litigation from the world . Nothing would remain but a little amicable controversy , as to who had a right to this , and who had a right to that . He could not help again congratulating those gentlemen who expected that the Bill would be rendered so perfectly palatable . objected to the payment of any part of the salary of the Vice-Chancellor , out of those funds which belonged to the suitors of the Court . If no other person undertook the task he should feel it to be his duty to bring the subject of the dead fund under the consideration of the House . observed that similar objection would lie to the payment of the salaries of the Masters in Chancery , and to a variety of other expences , which were defrayed from this fund , for which there were no claimants . said , that commissioners ought to be appointed to examine into the nature of that fund , and to probe it to the bottom . It was not right that property should be left in Chancery , `` a dead fund , '' as it was termed , because those to whom it belonged had not an opportunity of extricating it . He hoped , therefore , some legislative provision would be made to render this an active fund . And , if no 550 other gentleman had the resolution to propose a measure on the subject , he repeated that he should feel it his duty to submit to the House a Bill for the attainment of so just an object . said , the hon . gentleman had most strangely mistaken the fact . He seemed to think that the Court took the property of suitors from them , to apply it to its own purpose . The truth was , that vast sums of money were paid into Chancery , and from thence lodged in the Bank of England , where they lay dead and unproductive , unless the parties applied in time to have them vested in the funds , and the dividends carried to a distinct account , for the benefit of the successful suitor . Every shilling was appropriated to the benefit of the suitors , and , if they neglected to make their claims , it was their own fault , not that of the Court . thought the case put by his hon . friend ( Mr. Preston ) was a very strong one . It appeared that a fund was formed out of sums of money belonging to persons who , from poverty or other causes , were unable to make good their claim . It was the property of those who represented the persons to whom it originally belonged and not of the Court of Chancery . He , therefore , thought some mode should be adopted , by commissioners or otherwise , to give relief to individuals thus situated . said , that the principal of those sums was not used . The interest , arising from the investment of a portion of this fund , which would otherwise lie dead and produce nothing , as no claimant was known who could direct its application , was alone appropriated to the expences of the court .