keeps the people from the knowledge of any one of them , to the end that they may not have occasion of discovering the truth . R. Amen . 12 . `` Cursed is he that preaches to the people in unknown tongues , such as they understand not ; or uses any other means to keep them in ignorance . R. Amen . 13 . `` Cursed is he that believes that the Pope can give to any , upon any ac count whatsoever , dispensation to be or swear falsely ; or that it is lawful for any , at the last hour , to protest himself innocent in case he be guilty . R. Amen . 14 . `` Cursed is he that encourages sins , or teaches men to defer the amendment of their lives , on presumption of their deathbed repentance . R. Amen . 15 . `` Cursed is he that teaches men that they may be lawfully drunk on a Friday , or any other fasting day , though they must not take the least bit of flesh . R. Amen . 16 . `` Cursed is he who places religion in nothing but a pompous shew , consisting only in ceremonies ; and which leaches not the people to serve God in spirit and truth . R. Amen . 17 . `` Cursed is he who loves or promotes cruelty , that teaches people to be bloody-minded , and to lay aside the meekness of Jesus Christ . R. Amen . 18 . `` Cursed is he who teaches it lawful to do any wicked thing , though it be for the interest and good of Mother Church : or that any evil action may be done that good may come of it . R. Amen . 19 . `` Cursed are we , if , amongst all these wicked principles and damnable doctrines commonly laid at our doors , any one of them be the faith of our Church : and cursed are we , if we do not as heartily detest all those hellish practices as they that so vehemently urge them against us . R. Amen . 20 . `` Cursed are we , if , in answering and saying Amen to any of these curses , we use any equivocations , mental reservations , or do not assent to them in the common and obvious sense of the words . R. Amen. `` And can the Papists then , thus seriously , and without check of conscience , say Amen to all these curses ? `` Yes , they can ; and are ready to do it when so ever , and as often as it shall be required of them . And what then is to be said of those who , either by word or writing , charge these doctrines upon the 997 faith of the church of Rome . 'Is a lying spirit in the mouth of all the prophets ? are they ail gone aside ? do they back-bite with their tongues , do evil to their neighbour , and take up reproach against 'their neighbour ? I will say no such thing , but leave the impartial considerer to judge . One thing I can safely affirm , that the Papists are foully misrepresented , and shewn in public as much unlike what they are , as the Christians were of old by the Gentiles ; that they he under a great calumny , and severely smart in good name , persons , and estates , for such things which they as much and as heartily detest as those who accuse them . But the comfort is , Christ has said to his followers , Ye shall be hated of all men ' ( Matth . x . 22 . ) , and St. Paul , 'We are made a spectacle 'unto the world ; ' and we do not doubt , that he who bears this with patience , shall , for every loss here and contempt receive a hundred fold in heaven : For base things of the world , and