in serving all the ends of the government , & c.—In one respect it was acknowledged the church was in danger ; there was an evil spirit and virulent temper spread among the clergy : there were many indecent sermons preached on public occasions . This was a danger created by those very men , who filled the nation with an outcry against imaginary ones , whilst their own conduct produced real and threatening dangers . `` * This state of things every unprejudiced mind must allow to be extremely applicable to the present day ; may it be deeply reflected upon , and produce its proper influence in causing those to repent , who have been so forward in calling into action the worst and most dangerous passions of mankind . The observations , which had been made by a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) in regard to marriages , are not correct ; for no difficulty-whatever prevails in Ireland , in consequence of the mixed religions of that country . To prove this it will be sufficient to quote the Statement of the Penal Laws ; to this work , as one of high legal and practical authority , on such a point , no objection can be made , whatever some persons may think proper to say , in regard to its general political character . The author of it says , — '' The marriage of Catholics by Catholic priests have never been prohibited or restrained in Ireland ; they have been always recognized in courts of justice as perfectly valid ; in those cases , where the actual fact of the marriage of two Catholics is necessary to be established , proof of its solemnization by a Catholic priest is held to be sufficient . `` — '' The marriage code of Ireland is perfectly clear and intelligible . '' The same right hon . gentleman has dwelt very much on the great influence , which the Pope now possesses . But it is rather unfortunate for his argument that * See the new Parliamentary History of England , vol . 6 , p. 516 . 991 the first part of his case consisted in the strongest possible proof of his weakness ; his captivity , by Buonaparté , without any remonstrance on the part of a single Catholic country in Europe . The right hon . member mentioned what occurred in 1791 , in respect to the oath , contained in the act , passed in that year , for the relief of the English Roman Catholics , as evidence of his influence in this country ; but his whole statement on that subject , has been shewn to be incorrect , by the hon . baronet , whose explanation , in a note to his printed speech of last year , * and repeated again in this debate , ought to lay at rest , for ever , the charge , which is manufactured against the Catholics , and confidently urged and re-urged against them out of this transaction.—The next proof of the right hon . member , of the modern influence of the Pope , is equally void of foundation . He has said that the Irish Catholic bishops were induced , by the Pope , to make the Irish Catholic laity enemies to the Veto—a more incorrect opinion never was formed.—It is notorious that the opposition to the Veto began among the laity , and that the bishops were induced by them , to suspend their own judgment on the subject , as formerly expressed in their resolutions of 1799 . In regard to the obnoxious tenets which are still imputed to the Catholics , it would save a great deal of time and controversy , if the House were to decide , by a preliminary question , on some rule of evidence by which the enquiry should be governed ; whether scraps of pamphlets , paragraphs of newspapers , and assertions of individuals , are to be preferred to the writings of eminent Catholic divines , —the resolutions of the Irish bishops , —the opinions of Popes