million of the unclaimed dividends . said , it was very strange that the Court of Chancery would not invest any part of the dead fund for the benefit of the suitors , without being desired by them , and yet , without their leave , would put it out at interest for the benefit of others , said , it was clear this fund did not belong to the public , and it was , therefore , dishonest to meddle with it . Those who could make out a claim to the principal , had an equal right to the interest . was of opinion , that , as it was proposed to take 5,000l . worth of labour off the hands of the Lord Chancellor , the learned lord ( whose fees and emoluments were increased by the access of business , which rendered this relief necessary ) ought to defray the whole expence . rejoined , that a moiety of the 5,000l . was as much as , in justice , the Lord Chancellor should be called upon to pay . Instead , then , of charging the other moiety on the consolidated fund , it was proposed to be defrayed from the dead fund in Chancery , by which , not the Lord Chancellor , but the public , were relieved . As the suitors would receive the benefit from the additional celerity and dispatch of business , they could and ought to have no objection to this arrangement . inquired across the table if that were the whole ? and being answered in the negative , he added , perhaps it was not the wish of the noble viscount to have the whole read . begged the noble lord 's pardon , but it was his wish that all the petitions on this subject should be read . The Clerk then read the whole of the Petition ; it stated that the petitioners should view with concern any ascendancy of Popish power ; and that they should view with alarm Papists sitting on the bench of justice , or acting in the capacity of legislators . The noble viscount presented another Petition from the mayor and corporation of Berwick-upon-Tweed , against the Roman Catholic Claims . This Petition was also read , and in one part it stated that the Roman Catholics of Ireland had uninterruptedly enjoyed their personal and civil rights , but that they ought not to be entrusted with political privileges . wished to ask the noble viscount , whether it was his intention to found any proceeding upon the Petitions he had presented ? was somewhat surprised at the question put by the noble duke , and did not see the propriety of any peer presenting a petition being interrogated as to his future intentions . The Petitions on their lordships ' table were put into his hands by desire of the petitioners , and he had done his duty in presenting them . disclaimed any purpose of the least offence to the noble lord , but was induced to ask the question from observing an assertion in one of the Petitions , which was false . In that Petition it was stated , that the Catholics in Ireland enjoyed full toleration of rights , civil 560 and political . That was a statement contradicted by the fact . The privilege of returning members to both Houses of Parliament was a civil right , which was not fully enjoyed by the Irish Catholics . They could vote indeed for members to sit in the lower House , but not to the representative seats in the House of Lords . thought it was treating the petitioners with very undue harshness , to scrutinize with such severity the terms in which their fair and legal petitions to that House were couched . They came before their lordships with an humble but earnest submission of their feelings and opinions upon a subject , which to them appeared of the greatest importance to the national welfare ; and while so expressing their sincere opinions he could not think it either decorous towards them , or