, which requires the redemption of the debt within 45 years , but actually anticipate that course of redemption which is now provided . The tables which will be put into the hands of gentlemen will shew that the means are provided by the proposed plan of effecting the total repayment of the existing debt from four to ten years , and that of the future debt which may be incurred according to the various suppositions assumed from 14 to 37 years , sooner than by the laws now in force . This statement is sufficient to shew how amply the proposed plan is capable of satisfying the most sanguine expectations of the nation with respect to the final dis- 1090 charge of its debts , as well as the fair claims of those who look to the execution of the Act of 1792 as the means of supporting the value of the public funds . I have mentioned the result of such calculations as are intended to be communicated to the House ; other cases may be supposed by which the result may be varied in degree but not in general effect . I have thus far attempted to explain the intended system to the Committee , and to recommend it by its general and intrinsic advantages without displaying the immediate benefits of its adoption . Yet they are such as must be highly satisfactory to parliament , and of the greatest importance in the present situation of the country . The immediate result of this system , simple as it may appear , and really is , will be equal to a subsidy of above one hundred millions . For four years to come , we may on the supposition of the continuance of war , hope to be obliged to impose no other taxes than such as are required to furnish those additions to the Sinking Fund which I pointed out in the early part of my statement . I need not dwell upon the advantages of such a relief , I need not explain its effects in raising the spirits and animating the exertions of the nation . I need not enlarge on the confidence it must give to our allies , and the despondency it is calculated to impress on our enemies . But that which in my view renders it peculiarly valuable is , that it is so far from being purchased by an accumulation of burdens on the succeeding years , that though its advantages may be very different in degree , according to the different cases supposed , yet it will in all , for several years to come , produce a very considerable diminution of charge . Such are the general principles of the plan to which I beg to call the most serious attention of the Committee , but not at present to press for its judgment . That it is free from objections I can not hope , but I trust that parliament will on mature consideration , be convinced , as I am myself conscientiously persuaded , that they are such as bear no proportion to its advantages . I can at least acquit myself of having hastily and rashly determined on a measure of this magnitude and importance . It has for many months been the subject of my most anxious meditations , and of repeated and detailed discussions with those whom I thought most capable of guiding my judgment : and I submit it to the Committee not without great 1091 anxiety , but with the confidence naturally flowing from the most sincere conviction . I am fully aware that in proposing any change in a system so justly revered , and Considered as the firmest hope of the nation , I am incurring a great responsibility . I feel the full weight of this responsibility , but I also feel that I ought not to shrink from it , in the prospect of performing a great public service . Many a gallant and Worthy man has laid down his life to achieve a much less important service to his country than that of providing at