, the answers of the six Foreign Universities , and the oaths required to be taken , and actually taken , by all Catholics , by the acts of 1773 , 1791 , and 1793.—If the House should , in its wisdom , declare that the testimony of the first series of proofs is preferable to the latter , then the Catholics may give up the contest , and submit to their fate ; but if it shall determine on those principles of common sense and justice , which usually govern its judgment , the controversy about their tenets must cease , and , so far as the religious principles of the Catholics are in question , it must be allowed that there is nothing in them incompatible with those principles * See Vol . 22 , p. 770 . 992 of liberty and loyalty , which are necessary for the preservation of our constitution . As , however , no such preliminary arrangement has been made , and as these obnoxious tenets are , even to this hour , industriously ascribed to the Catholics , it is still necessary to produce further matter to disprove them , in addition to that , which has already been urged in this debate . It is true , a learned and right hon . doctor who has just left the House , has not , nor has any other member , stated what he asserted against the Catholics last year , that the Irish bishops took an oath of fealty to the Pope ; but this fact is repeated in lord Kenyon 's recent publication— '' Observations on the Roman Catholic Question : '' * a publication formed out of the speeches of the learned doctor . It therefore becomes necessary to repeat , what was said , on this point , last year , by the hon . baronet , to set this head of charge to rest , namely , that the oath has been altered , and the oath , used in Russia , adopted in place of that oath , to which the observations of the learned doctor and noble lord are , if at all , applicable . As the alteration took place with the consent of Pius the 6th in the year 1791 , it bespeaks a strong inclination on the part of the learned doctor and noble lord , not to be very nice in their selection of instruments for opposing the Catholic claims . The new oath concludes with these words , — '' I will observe all and every one of these things the more inviolably , as I am firmly convinced that there is nothing contained in them , which can be contrary to the fidelity I own to his most serene highness the king of Great Britain and Ireland , and to his successors on the throne . '' As to the charge , so often , so loudly , and so confidently brought against the Catholics , of their great intolerance , and which is founded on their doctrine of exclusive salvation , whoever has taken the trouble of examining the true character and meaning of this doctrine , will allow it is a charge altogether devoid of foundation . In justification of this charge , the Catholics are able to say , all the reformed churches lay down the same principle . Calvin writes ( 64 Inst . c. 1 , ) `` Extra ecclesiæ gremium nulla est speranda pectatorum remissio nec ulla salus . '' The same doctrine is taught in the profession of faith of Strasbourg , presented to Charles * Fourth Edition , published by J. J. Stockdale , Pall Mall . 993 5 in 1530 ; in that of Switzerland in 1566 ; in that of the Low Countries ; and in that of Scotland in 1647 . It is also to be found in the 18th of the 39 Articles , which is as follows : — '' They are also to be held accursed , that presume to say , that every man shall be saved by the law or sect which he