medium of their sheriffs . expatiated on the mischiefs which might ensue in consequence of the chief magistrate of either Dublin or Edinburgh being obliged to leave his post , for the purpose of presenting petitions at the bar of that House . observed , that , by an act of parliament of his present Majesty , in case the Lord Mayor of Dublin was obliged to proceed to England on official business , he was empowered to elect a locum tenens from amongst those who had filled the office of chief magistrate . moved , that the words `` and the Lord Provost of Edinburgh , '' be inserted in the motion , after the words `` Corporation of Dublin . '' seconded this amendment thought it would be time enough to dispose of such a proposition , when application to such effect was made by the corporation of that city . observed , that the Scotch were generally thought a prudent people , and the corporation of Edinburgh would know better than to send their Provost 400 miles to present a petition . reported to the House , that the Prince Regent having been attended with their Address of Friday last , was pleased to receive the same very graciously , and to give the following Answer : `` Gentlemen , `` I thank you for this loyal Address . 706 `` It affords me the greatest satisfaction to find that my endeavours to preserve peace with the United States of America are justly appreciated ; and that your determination to uphold the maritime rights of the country is in unison with my own . `` Acting upon these principles , and aided by your support , I look forward with confidence to an honourable termination of the war in which I have been compelled most reluctantly to engage . '' rose and spoke to the following effect : In rising , Sir , at the present moment , in pursuance of the notice which I gave on a former evening , I feel some degree of embarrassment and reluctance in calling the attention of the House to the subject of it ; after that attention has been engaged , and in a great measure exhausted , by the protracted discussion of other questions . It will not be necessary for me , however , to trespass long upon its patience , because the proposition I have to submit appears to me so plain and simple , that little argument , and few arguments will be necessary to convince gentlemen of the propriety of adopting it , although at this time I feel that I have to contend with greater difficulties than I should have experienced at any other period . In every point of view in which this subject can be surveyed , it appears to me to be one of the highest importance , affecting the great constitutional interests of the country ; involving the restoration of the honour , the dignity , and the security of the throne , as well as the safety and the legal government of its subjects . It is not without having endeavoured upon various previous occasions to draw the attention of the members of this House , and of the individuals composing the administration of the country , to this question ; it is not without having repeatedly , but in vain , attempted to induce some other individual of more weight and influence than I can pretend to possess , to bring it forward ; it is not without having twice , but in vain , proposed Addresses to the Prince Regent , upon a matter so deeply interesting to his family , to his throne , and to his people , that I at length have ventured upon a task to which I feel myself so unequal . Finding none willing to take upon themselves the burden , I may be excused , if I have considered it an imperious duty I owed to 707 the people of Great Britain , to call the attention of parliament to a subject of the weightiest magnitude . It appears