'' Sir , it is a fallacy which runs through the whole of this discipline , that we are imputing crime or imposing punishment—neither the one nor the other . The measure we take is not one of criminating penalties ; it is a mere measure of self-defence , against opinions and inclinations , which we do not presume to censure , because they do not proceed from any depravation of mind , but which we must guard against , because they import danger to interests , which we can not suffer to be disturbed . Sir , it is no more than a defensive precaution , which I am equally inclined to allow to Catholics against Protestants , for the protection of their religion . It always appeared to me that the appointment of Mr. Neckar , under the royal government of France , was as impolitic as it was unconstitutional—that it weakened the frame of that government , and tended , amongst many other causes , to produce those calamities , which have since spread themselves over every part of civilized Europe . Sir , it appeared to me that the right hon . gentleman answered his own question , —where was the danger directly or indirectly ? When he admitted , as he did , most candidly and explicitly , that he must insist upon securities ; and that , without securities , he was disposed to resist the application ; for , if no danger , nor reasonable apprehension of danger , why call for securities ? He likewise appeared to admit that the security of the present oath was not sufficient , for if it was , why call for other securities ? for every unnecessary security required is a mere tyrannical imposition . Nothing could be more cor- 1013 rect than his opinion , that the security , afforded by the oath , was insufficient ; not upon the ground that oaths will not bind Catholic consciences , ( I make no such assertions ) but because the oath can not be construed so as to meet the apprehended danger . It can not be so interpreted , with any fairness , so as to bind them to the defence of the established church , if they think it inexpedient and sinful , and are called upon , for instance , as senators , to pass a legislative opinion upon any question relating to it . The oath abjures any intention to subvert the Protestant religion at the time of taking it . The utmost effect , which can be given to that is , that it abjures all direct purpose , all plan or project at that time . But would he not be fully as much at liberty to vote , according to his own conscience , on such questions , as any other member of the House ? Would he be guilty of perjury in the opinion of any then breathing , if he should vote honestly for the abolition of Protestant episcopacy , when such a question was brought before him , and his own conscientious opinion directed the vote he gave . Sir , I take this to be as independent a member , in spite of his oath , as any other member of the House . If so , you leave him , in the spite of the oath , to the operation of every principle and prejudice which has taken possession of his mind . And , in that state of things , what are you to expect but a Catholic vote , upon a Protestant subject ? Remember the memorable declaration of the earl of Bristol , in the House of Lords , upon the passing of the Test Act.— '' Upon the whole matter , my lords , however the sentiments of a Catholic of the church of Rome may oblige me , upon scruple of conscience , in some particulars of this Bill to give my negative to it , when it comes to passing ; yet as a member of a Protestant parliament my advice can not but go along with the