, on the other hand , that the stockholder might , with some appearance of justice , have complained of the system of 1802 , at the time when it was established , because it introduced a change , which might then have appeared unfavourable to his interests . No complaint was however made ; the stockholder acquiesced with cheerfulness and confidence in the wisdom of parliament . But it appeared to him impossible that he could make any complaint now , when the intended change would restore him to that situation in which he would have been placed , if all the loans had been raised in the ordinary manner , and the Act of 1802 had not taken place . It was now proposed to appropriate 870,000l . a year immediately to the Sinking Fund , and such a grant was of much more value than the speculation of a possible remote advantage . The right hon . gentleman had stated that the money market would be set afloat , and that in the worst way , not by any fixed and permanent plan . In fact , the plan , when once established , would be as fixed and permanent as any other ; and perhaps less liable to variation than the present plan , which was generally allowed to require some revision . `` Every stock-bolder , '' said the right hon . gentleman , `` knew as well as Mr. Pitt when the Sinking Fund under the Act of 1786 would be limited . '' Every stockholder will , under the proposed system , know as well as the minister what the amount of the Sinking Fund in every year will be , and may form his speculations with as much certainty as upon the plan now existing or any other . All such speculations must be in their nature uncertain , because the prices of stock will be varied by circumstances which can not be foreseen ; but they may , under the proposed plan , be entered into with as much security as their own nature admits of . He trusted that the right hon . gentleman would , when he should come to examine the plan more maturely , find that many of his objections rested upon a misconception of it . With respect to the time when it should be taken into consideration , he could see no necessity for postponing the consideration of it beyond Monday se'nnight . In the interval any gentleman who might not be satisfied with the information which would be put 1100 into his hands , might call for any further documents which he might think necessary ; and he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) would be happy to assist in procuring any information which might be desired . If it should then appear to be absolutely necessary that a longer period should be given for consideration , he should not object to it ; for he was as much impressed with the magnitude of the subject as any gentleman , and he should feel more regret than any , if the House should come to a hasty decision , because he should feel himself involved in a deeper responsibility . But it certainly appeared to him , perhaps from having given the plan so much previous consideration , that a few days would be sufficient to enable gentlemen to make themselves masters of it . To him it was particularly recommended by the consideration that it was equally applicable to all the various circumstances to which we could with probability look forward . It was not limited to a particular amount of expenditure ; it was not confined to a state of war or of peace , but would adapt itself to every change of situation . He had already pointed out its effects in time of war , but had omitted to mention its operation in time of peace . In that event he considered its advantages as even greater than in time of war , and superior to whatever had been attempted in any measure which had been proposed to parliament