those who refuse `` to ratify and confirm all that has been promised and vowed in their names . '' These Protestant advocates of the Catholic cause now take their ground with greater circumspection . Unable to conceal the intolerant spirit and dangerous tenets of the church of Rome , recorded in the page of history , they aver that modern Catholics have renounced these doctrines , and triumphantly produce their proof , in answer to certain queries proposed to foreign universities . Need I reply that every true Catholic acknowledges the authority of a general council , duly held under the sovereign pontiff , to be infallible , and submits his conscience implicitly to its decrees ; whereas he knows of no such authority , in his church , as that of an university ? I can not but observe too , that not one of these universities intimates that the belief of the Catholic church is , in the slightest degree , changed or capable of change ; and though they disavow certain doctrines to be those of their church , they do not deny that she retains every article of the faith , which she professed , when the horrors of a bigotted persecution presented , to this country , its practical illustration . I will not now enter on the question , whether any of those tenets , in times of greater peril to the constitution , rendered necessary the exclusion of their professors , from the full benefits of religious toleration , or justified the penal laws which , under happier auspices , have been effaced from our statute books . I rejoice , Sir , that no limits are now placed , nor need be placed , to the enjoyment of religious toleration . If there remain one vestige of a penal statute , infringing the free exercise of religious worship , according to the dictates of every man 's conscience , let it be wiped away as a disgrace to our religious charter ! But surely I need not remind the intelligent legislator that religious liberty is one thing , and political privilege another ; that a state of political society implies the existence of restraints for the general good ; and that it is for the supreme authority , in every state , to judge and deter- 873 mine to what persons power and office can most safely be entrusted . If the legislature deem it prudent to prescribe a test of affection to the government , as a qualification for admission to office , surely this is no infraction of political rights ! If there exists a national establishment of religion , united with the civil government , and incorporated in the constitution of the country , is it not natural that this test should be extended to a proof of attachment to the whole constitution ? Above all , could it be reasonably expected that any government should admit , to places of the highest trust and authority , those , whose principles are known to be adverse to a part of the constitution , and whose faith must lead them to wish for its subversion ? Lord Bolingbroke , whose judgment will be allowed not to have been warped by any religious partialities , expresses a decided opinion , that `` no man ought to be trusted with any share of power under a government , who must , to act consistently with himself , endeavour the destruction of that very government . '' I admit of the inestimable blessings of peace and concord in the country , —but let us beware of sacrificing the solid advantage of union in our councils , for the illusory temptation of a general comprehension . I see nothing to be coveted in that `` false peace , '' which lord Bacon describes , as `` pieced up upon a direct admission of contraries in fundamental points , where truth and falshood are like the iron and clay in the toes of Nebuchadnezzar 's image ; they may cleave , but they will not incorporate . '' Let me appeal to the sentiments