. Their helmets had been called fantastical and theatrical , but when the Committee reflected on the evils to which the , cavalry were subjected , exposed in their little cocked hats to the effects of the heats and rain , or losing them , from the difficulty of keeping them fixed on the head , and consequently going bare headed into battle , it would be felt that it was much better that they should be supplied with a comfortable helmet , which could not be knocked off , and the metal of which would turn the edge of a sword . He denied , however , that those changes in the equipment caused any increase of emolument to the colonels ; from all he had collected , he should rather 1180 think it diminished their emoluments.—The next point that had been objected to was the number of foreigners in our army , and which number had increased . He denied that the foreigners in our service increased in proportion to the rest of the army . If it were practicable to augment our army with English soldiers to that amount to which it was desirable it should extend to meet the emergencies of the service , he was confident there was no one who would not prefer such an army to an army partly composed of foreigners . It was , however , with government , a question not of option , but of necessity , whether foreigners should be admitted into our service . Engaged in a sanguinary contest with an enemy whose resources were almost unlimited , as our army could not from the population of the country be recruited beyond a given point with Englishmen , it was necessary , as well as soundly politic , to make up the number required by the circumstances of the times with foreigners who claimed our protection . Those gentlemen who were of opinion that the foreigners in our service , who had been killed or wounded in the peninsula , were few in proportion to the number of British casualties , he wished to reflect how small a proportion of our foreign troops were on service there . It would be found , so small a number of them were there engaged , that the proportion they bore to the British was little more than as 1 to 10 . Taking this into consideration , and comparing the casualties , it would be found that the foreign soldiers in our service had suffered , in proportion to their number , full as much as the British , or rather more . It had been observed that the returns in the Gazettes differed from the returns laid be-fore that House . This was easily to be accounted for , as the Gazettes did not contain the discharges , nor the desertions ( most of which took place here ) ; but he could assure the Committee the Gazettes were entitled to the fullest and most implicit confidence , and he knew not of one instance of intentional faithlessness in any return which they had contained . That mistakes might occur in the hurry of I making up the returns after a great battle , it was easy to conceive , on the part of the officers ; but intentionally they never concealed the full extent of the loss sustained , and every case received was published in the Gazette . An honourable member lamented that there had been he saving 1181 in the estimates of this year ; that was certainly a subject of regret to those who had to vote the sums , and it was no less a subject of regret to those who had to frame the estimates : but this he thought could not have been expected at a period when we were called upon to strain every nerve to offer effectual resistance to the enemy . At a time when such great efforts were demanded , a reduction in these estimates could not be looked for ; and he felt it would be trifling with the House to hold out to them a