might arise from which only increased , extended , and protracted litigation must ensue . He wished that ministers would really find out the opinion of the profession at large upon this subject , and not confine themselves to the opinions of a few of their parliamentary friends . It was said the public would pay nothing for this new officer , as he would be partly paid out of the interest of the fund of unclaimed money now in Chancery . He could not avoid noticing this fund , out of which part of this salary was proposed to be paid , called the Dead Fund , and amounting to 9,000l . per annum , being the interest of money put into that Court and never claimed : its very existence appeared to him a subject which called for parliamentary enquiry . It was the money of suitors placed in that Court for security ; but which the suitors were often obliged to abandon from the great difficulties they found in bringing forward their cause . It was possible it would never be called for ; but had they a right to assume that this would be the case ? Considering the remedy proposed a greater mischief than the evil complained of , he must oppose the present Bill , which would do the greatest mischief to the Court of Chancery , and entirely alter its constitution , while it created a new and unnecessary officer to be subjected to every species of indignity , or else to be altogether useless . was strongly in favour of the measure . If two years discussion and consideration of it were not sufficient , he did not know what would be reckoned a reasonable time for enquiring into its expediency , nor what would satisfy the gentlemen on the other side . The business of the Court , he maintained , had increased so much , that since the year 1750 the number of Appeals had been not only doubled , but trebled . This proved the evil complained of was not a temporary evil , and therefore , being permanent , it was one which called for the permanent remedy now proposed . The hon . and learned gentleman then entered more into detail , and contended , that the Bill offered the most efficacious and constitutional means for redressing the grievances under which the subjects of these realms now laboured , from the necessary delay and arrear of business in the Court of Chancery and House of Lords . He denied that the new officer would be either inefficient or degraded , and on the contrary , argued 495 that many men of competent legal knowledge , high character , and excellent abilities , would be found eligible to , and ready to undertake the discharge of , its important functions . He replied to the arguments for separating the bankruptcy business from the office of Lord Chancellor , which suggestion he condemned as most unwise , since it would be imprudent to give the power of finally adjudicating property of an amount so immense as that contained in these cases , to an inferior officer ; and if appeal was allowed , then the separation would afford no relief . He also expressed his opinion , in common with the opinions of every lawyer and statesman who had turned their attention to the subject , to be entirely hostile to the idea of separating the duties of Speaker in the House of Peers from the other duties of the Lord Chancellor . This had been so universally held to be inexpedient by all men whose authority was of weight , that it would be idle in him to repeat their reasons for coming to the conclusion , in the propriety of which he most perfectly coincided . He justified the application of the Dead Fund to the payment of part of the salary of the new officer , and closed his observations by warmly approving of every part of the Bill . , ( Sir W. Garrow ) in a speech of great animation , gave his opinion