, and those of which this mass of delay was composed : for , it must be in the recollection of the House , that he had allowed thrice as much time for the latter as for the former . The House would probably indulge him in a few words , which might not be strictly termed explanation . The appeal causes which came before the privy-council in the Cockpit , were in part legal , in part equity causes . The employment of the Master of the Rolls in that court was in consequence of the causes of an equitable nature , but there was a judge , who entertained jurisdiction over both these species of causes , and who would , it could scarcely be denied , be a very proper judge to be entrusted with the administration of justice in this particular branch . Such a judge was the Chief Baron of the Exchequer , an officer whose functions rendered him equally competent to decide in questions of law and in matters of equity , and he was also already a privy counsellor . It had been said , that the time of this judge could not be taken from the Court of Exchequer without inconvenience . But this objection was easily obviated , without any inconvenience . For ten days after each term , the judges were occupied in the Exchequer with what were termed equity sittings . These 40 days were more than equal to the time occupied by causes at the Cockpit . During these sittings the Lord Chief Baron might sit at the and there would be left three judges at the Exchequer to hear these equity causes . Could this be esteemed an inconvenience , when the business of the first equity court in the country was managed by one judge ? With reference to the same point , too , he had to observe , that whenever the great seal was put in commission , the number of judges appointed was three . So that in the present case there could be no great inconvenience in having three judges , the number which he proposed to leave in the Court of Exchequer , instead of four as it was now constituted . bore testimony to the ac curacy of the statement of his hon . and learned friend , and the clearness with which it had been made . His objections could only apply to the arrangements 535 which his hon . and learned friend had founded on his statements . He would not deny that these arrangements would keep down the accumulation of causes in Chancery . But there were three objections to the arrangements proposed by his hon . and learned friend : the first regarded the feelings of that excellent judge who filled at present the situation of Master of the Rolls . 2 . The Master of the Rolls would be still allowed to sit in parliament , but the privilege would be nugatory , as his time would be entirely occupied by the business of his court . The third and main objection was to the transposition of the Chief Baron from the Exchequer to the Cockpit . If the head of the Court of Exchequer were thus to be cut off as proposed by his learned friend in the enthusiasm of his plan , he did not know why the same operation might not be performed on the other courts . He knew , however , why it should not be performed on the Court of Exchequer . Two of these judges were especially qualified for the legal business , and two only were selected from equity lawyers . By removing the Chief Baron only one judge-acquainted with the equity business would therefore be left in the Exchequer , and the grievance which now existed in the Court of Chancery would be entailed on the former court . There was at present a little gout in the Court of Chancery—the legal fluid did not circulate—and this gout was to be transferred to the Exchequer . With the professed view of accelerating the decision of an