of it , was absolutely necessary as a temporary measure . The evil and confusion of two prices was incalculable , and indeed impracticable by any fixed standard . But for his part , he most strenuously denied that the system of a paper currency , such as ours , was bad . It had been characterised on the other side as delusive , dangerous , and hollow ; not as wealth , but as the fallacious appearance of wealth . He would assert , that if it was not wealth , it was at least the mother of wealth . To what other source could be attributed the vast and unexampled start which had been made by our population , our commerce , our manufactures , our shipping , our canals , and our buildings since the year 1786 ? These , at least , were solid wealth : and from what other than this calumniated , but creative source , could they spring ? It was urged over and over again , that the issue of paper money had been excessive ; but it was clear that there could be no excess , if the augmentation did not exceed the augmented riches which it represented . He would boldly , without fear of being confuted , maintain that it had kept within those bounds . The system , therefore , could not be guilty of the charge of increased prices which had been so violently objected against it . But if there were some evils incident to the system ( and he denied that they could be important enough to alter its character of paramount good , ) what could now be done ? —Could a substitute be found for this currency ? The mines of South America had failed of adequate supplies for a metallic currency . Was the increased wealth and commerce of the world to be stagnant ? Were all the evils of an impeded and inadequate circulation to lower prices , and dry up all the sources of reproduction ? And why ? because gentlemen in their theories chose to attribute to the 289 paper system evils and consequences which did not belong to it . Has the price of gold greatly increased within the last eighteen months ? All admit it . Is it from the increase of paper currency ? No : for the paper currency has in that period been diminished two millions and an half That , therefore , can not be the cause while an obvious cause for the increased value of bullion , the balance of trade against us , and the demand of our continental warfare , does exist ! The seeming contradiction between the necessity of this measure of the Gold Coin Bill , and the truth of the position standing on the Journals of the House , that a guinea in specie , and a paper guinea , are equal for all domestic and legal purposes , did not strike him as at all irreconcilable . He thought the position true , in the sense in which it was intended and ought to be understood . In truth , a guinea in specie had two characters of value : one derived from the intrinsic value of the materials of which it was composed ; the other from its representative capacity . It was of this latter character that the position was laid down : and in this latter character he contended that it was correct . But it was to obstruct the illegal use of it in its former character that the Bill was framed . Having explained himself thus briefly , on a subject which was capable of the most extended and ample discussion , but on which the patience of the House had been already exhausted , he should not presume on this first occasion , which he embraced with great diffidence and humility , to obtrude on its indulgence any farther . said , that among the virtues of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , candour was a prominent one , and had never been more conspicuous than