only to be inspected , that part must be on the table . suggested there were two modes of meeting the apparent wishes of the House , to enable the committee to support their Report by evidence : either to get the entire of the minutes , and to deliver them immediately to the committee , to enable them to amend their report , or to refer the Report back to the committee , which should be constituted a committee for that purpose , with the ordinary powers of sending for persons , papers , and records . After some farther discussion it was ordered , on a division , that the Report be referred back to the Committee , with powers to send for persons , papers , and records . said , that understanding his Majesty 's ministers were invited to participate in a turtle feast on Monday , as he was by no means desirous of disturbing their harmony , he begged leave to postpone his motion , which stood for that day , to Thursday . observed , that nothing of the description to which the hon . gentleman had alluded could operate as an inducement with his Majesty 's ministers to neglect their duty ; and if the hon . gentleman was desirous of bringing forward his motion on Monday , they were most ready to meet him . The hon . gentleman was best able to appreciate the importance of the subject , and would act as his own judgment dictated . had no objection to bring forward the motion on Monday , but from feelings of courtesy , he was desirous of yielding to the accommodation of the noble lord and his friends . , said , that the postponement of the discussion would be a matter of accommodation on both sides , as the Army Estimates and other orders would be before the House , which were likely to occupy their attention for a considerable time . remarked , that the hon . and learned gentleman had taken up this matter in much too grave a manner . It was well known that his Majesty 's ministers were engaged to a dinner on Monday , and that being the fact , it was a proceeding of no novelty that the House should feel disposed to wave any claims on their attention , on such an occasion . was prepared to admit that the courtesy intended was a course of no novelty ; but when it went forth to the public , that his Majesty 's ministers were neglecting their public duties to attend a turtle feast , he apprehended it became expedient that the circumstances should be put on a right footing . said , that the hon . and learned gentleman had made this a magnificent trifle , and begged leave to congratulate his Majesty 's ministers on having obtained so able an advocate . declared that his Majesty 's ministers were engaged to dine with the Russia Company on Monday ; but as far as he was concerned , he begged to state , that he had made no engagement of the sort . And he felt it his duty to decline the invitation upon the sole ground of business in that House requiring his attention . finally postponed his motion to Thursday . commented on the distressing situation in which these unfortunate individuals had been placed , and suggested the expediency of some permanent measure being adopted , to prevent the recurrence of similar circumstances in future . This he thought might be effected by making individuals who presented petitions against the returns of members , and who entered into recognizances duly to prosecute the allegations in such petitions , also to enter into a recognizance to provide for the maintenance of the witnesses summoned at their instance . At present , he thought it behoved the House to provide for the persons who had obeyed the Writ of the Speaker ; and cited the case of some witnesses summoned on the Shaftesbury election committee , at a former period , as a precedent for such a proceeding .