and at all events it was counterbalanced by their not having the Speaker in the chair to regulate and moderate their debates . 1005 He asked again , what benefit would the Roman Catholics derive from a committee of the whole House under these circumstances ? Those who wish to go all lengths and to abolish all tests , without caring for securities , had a straight and plain way before them ; but what would those members do who were advocates for restrictions and safeguards ? The right hon . and venerable mover of the question had said that the Veto was out of the question , and professed to have no plan . Some hints had been given about domestic nomination , which though a principle acknowledged and acted upon in various countries , and amongst them in Canada , was certainly a greater infringement on the right of the Papal see than even a Veto . Some persons were sanguine enough to believe that if the Catholics were placed between conscience and power , the former would give way , but he had too good an opinion of them to think that love of office would so prevail . The English Roman Catholics are too well principled a body of men to barter their consciences for lucre of gain , and they have declared it in their petition , from which there is no reason to believe they will recede . He did not see the analogy which had been mentioned between the Sinecure Bill and this measure , for this ( at least in the present session ) originates in the petition of persons who require relief , and bring forward specific demands and objects . These demands it seems are not to be complied with , but are to be so modified and clogged with restrictions and securities , as to render the relief unacceptable to , and deprecated by , the very persons who are the object of this relief . He here read extracts from the petitions of the Roman Catholics , of which he spoke in terms of commendation as being most properly expressed , which shewed they prayed for the total repeal of all disabilities . A committee of the whole House , he said , appeared to him a cowardly way of solving the difficulty and of shifting off responsibility from the shoulders of individuals on those of the whole House . As an instance how ill-calculated such a committee was for a measure not maturely considered and prepared , he cited an observation of a late eminent statesman , who said that no member ever moved for a committee of the whole House intending that his motion-should be carried . He would prefer the more manly plan adopted by lord Howick in 1807 , that of bringing 1006 in a bill . The House would then know what it had to consider , and the various stages of a bill , with its commitments and recommitments , would afford opportunities of knowing what we were about . He added , that if any arrangement could be made to conciliate the Catholics , to whom ( the English ones ) he was attached by every tie of friendship , regard , and good opinion , without endangering the security of the Protestant establishment , no one would feel more sincere pleasure than himself , or more heartily desirous of giving his warmest concurrence . : Sir ; it is always with great reluctance , and not unfrequently with some degree of personal pain , that I obtrude myself upon the notice of the House ; but the importance of the present question , and the connexion , which I have , with those who have expressed a strong feeling about the decision of it , induce me to hope that the House will think me entitled to claim some portion of their attention . Sir , if I could agree in opinion with a right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Plunket , ) who distinguished himself , by a speech , not more to be admired as an exhibition