business before them ; that their noble natures could not rise at nine o'clock to adjudge the causes at their bar ; that with privileges so far surpassing those of other senates , they could not make an exertion for the discharge of these important duties which were annexed to such high privileges , and which justified and ennobled them in the eyes of their country and the world . ( Hear . ) Why should such reasonings apply to them more than to the Commons ? The Lords admitted a delay amounting to a denial of justice . What degradation or shame could it be to the Lords to adopt with respect to their own proceedings some such coercive regulations as the Commons had adopted to secure their discharge of their own duty in cases of contested elections ? The shame seemed to lie in stopping short between the removal of abuse , and the adoption of a remedy . Was it a problem so obscure , knotty , and 487 difficult , to devise the means of securing a sufficient attendance in the other House , whatever skill it might have required to produce such a Bill as this ? No ! Let the House reject this Bill , and a better measure would be proposed in a very short time . The learned Serjeant had appealed to their confession in behalf of this unhappy scrap of paper , as if it were the offspring of some infant member , who was employing his untried hand , in his first and crude effort to remedy some acknowledged evil , hoping that a committee would lick his unformed abortion into some sort of decent shape . Another learned gentleman thought they were treading on a sort of hallowed ground , and that we could not presume even to alter and amend the Bill , such as it was sent down to us , without a species of scandalum magnatum against the legislative wisdom of the House of Lords ! The Bill , in fact , was all it could be . A committee was useless . It would offend the Lords more to send it back to them so changed , as it must necessarily be , if it was to be made useful to any good purpose whatever , than it would to reject it altogether , abstaining however at the same time with the utmost deference , from presuming to suggest any other method of proceeding in a case which appeared to be claimed as the peculiar province of their lordships ; and leaving their lordships to go to work again upon a new plan better calculated for their own credit and the public satisfaction . He begged pardon for any seeming levity , if he were guilty of any , in speaking with freedom of this strange project : but there were different moods in which different men viewed the same subjects : some might indulge in harmless merriment ; others , ( he did not see the learned gentleman , Mr. stephen , present ) — ( Cry of `` under the gallery '' ) —Others , then , ( said Mr. C. ) might view this mouse which the mountain had brought forth , with feelings quite `` melancholy and gentleman like , '' like Master Stephen , in `` Every Man in his Humour ! '' ( Laughing . ) For his own part he thought there could not be a graver subject than the due and speedy administration of justice : but on the other hand there could not be a more ludicrous association than that of high magisterial functions , and great official trust with all the circumstances of degradation and disparagement with which the new magistrate , procreated by 488 this Bill , is to be invested . It was pretended , indeed , that the power of the Lord Chancellor to devolve business upon this new deputy was to be no other than that which he now has to call to his assistance any one of the Judges or Masters in Chancery named in the commission empowering them to