which the establishment may rest secure , and satisfied , that a sufficient guard is provided : it would be desirable , particularly , to learn what he proposes to do , with regard to the Corporation and Test Acts , which are characterized by Mr. Justice Blackstone and other constitutional writers , as the . `` two bulwarks of our established church , against perils from non-conformists of all denominations , heretics , papists , and sectaries . '' Mr. Pitt was of the same opinion , when he resisted several motions made to repeal them ; but Mr. Butler exhibits them , in the front of the many severe penalties and disabilities , under which the English Roman Catholics labour , and declares their continuance to be contrary to toleration . The high authority of Mr. Pitt has naturally been referred to in this debate , particularly by a young member , an honourable friend of mine , whom the House has had the pleasure of hearing for the first time . It is perfectly known that this great statesman entertained an opinion , favourable to the abolition of these disqualifications , nor does there appear any reason to think that he changed it , subsequently to the last debate , in which he spoke upon it ; but the checks and restrictions , 793 consistently with which he thought it safe to abolish them , were communicated to none of his friends , and probably were never so far matured , within his own mind , as to fit them for communication . It is possible that his extraordinary capacity never found a satisfactory solution for the complicated difficulties , which surround this question ; and it may be no disparagement to the right hon . mover , eminent as he also is for talents , and eloquence , not to have formed a comprehensive and finished plan , for a work , of which Mr. Pitt was unable to describe even the outline . In the few words , which remain for me to say , I wish to attract the attention of the House to that plan , if plan it can be styled , which the right hon . mover has , in his last two or three sentences , opened to the House . If I understand his motion , it is intended for the foundation of a Bill , in which it is proposed to give , on the one hand , a sweeping repeal of all the disqualifying statutes , and to receive , in return , by way of a compensation , a recognition of the Protestant succession , according to the Act of Settlement , and also of the Protestant churches of England , Scotland , and Ireland , as by law established ; together with some regulations as to advowsons , colleges , and ecclesiastical courts ; for these are all the particulars , as far as I recollect , which he has either enumerated or hinted at . Now , with regard to any thing like a re-enactment of these fundamental laws , would our constitution , either in church or state , be deemed more secure after such an idle renewal than before ? Will it even be expedient to suffer such trifling with legislation , as to cast a doubt upon the sufficiency and permanent efficacy of these statutes , by declaring them anew to be in force ? Are they so nearly worn out as to require renovation ? The times of Magna Charta have been alluded to : but is it a sign of steady and uniform liberty , or of reverting tyranny in our early annals , that Magna Charta was so frequently renewed ? But a perpetual duration is intended to be given by the right hon . mover to these laws : perpetual no human legislation can make them ; but they will endure long enough , if we do not rashly meddle with them ; that is , so long as this kingdom shall continue to enjoy liberty and security under them : they need no adventitious props ,