war with America so long . It was their sense of the great and many disadvantages necessarily attending the contest , which had made them so reluctant to enter into it ; and in the same spirit of forbearance , they should be always ready to avail themselves of every opportunity of returning to a state of peace . The right , the temporary surrender of which at least was made the sine qua non of negociation by the American government , was one which was necessary to the existence of this country , and if it was ever more necessary to it at one time than another , this was the period . There was no 589 question in the whole course of his political life on which he had been called to judge , where he had given his opinion more reluctantly or more decidedly . If the claim of naturalization , insisted on by the Americans , were allowed , why should it not be made by other countries ? If a residence of five years established the right , why should not a residence of one month ? It would thus be easy , by the offer of impunity , and by the temptation of greater pay , to seduce our seamen into the service of foreign states . Unless America should think proper to alter her tone , he did not see how the national differences could be settled : surely never , if the condition of conciliation was to be the concession of that claim which was the life of our navy , and through that , the life and protection of the country . Was it not , he would ask , a surprise on the nation , to find at length that the war with America did not arise out of the Orders in Council , but from a cause which had never been dragged into the discussion while there was any thing else to talk about , —from a cause now introduced merely for the purpose of irritation , and as a pledge of their hostile intentions ? As an adviser of the crown , he would never consent to an armistice on the condition of appearing to hesitate about a right so vitally affecting the nation , that its ruin might ensue in a month from its concession . in rising to call the attention of the House to a most important subject , namely , the negociations which had preceded the present state of our relations with the United States of America , thought it necessary to remark , that it was not the ordinary practice of the ministers of the crown to bring before parliament documents for the purpose of showing that they were entitled to the approbation of the legislature ; and if those now laid before the House had that tendency , it would be recollected that the production of them had been frequently requested , and pressed by gentlemen on the other side . His Majesty 's ministers were generally disposed to be satisfied with the pleasing reflections which arose from the consciousness of duties fulfilled and zeal employed to promote the public welfare ; it would savour of arrogance to obtrude , themselves , the details of their services , however meritorious they might be , upon the notice of parliament , and challenge the approbation of that high tribunal , how fervently soever they might desire to obtain it . The correspondence now submitted to the House comprehended a period of two years and a half , and the perusal of these various papers would 594 sufficiently show how little ministers were disposed to withhold any information that could be in the least satisfactory to the House or to the public , or refuse to furnish lights by which their own conduct might be subjected to the most rigid scrutiny . The question which he should ground on the production of those papers , was one in the decision of which the character of the country was at issue ; and as it was therefore of the utmost consequence that such decision should