equitable litigation , it proceeded to retard them in one court in order to quicken them in another . Indeed , there was such delay at present in the Exchequer that it had been proposed to separate the equitable from the legal jurisdiction , in order to further and promote the discharge of business . The arrangement in question would make three innovations to remedy one evil , and the proposition of his hon . and learned friend would , be , in his opinion , productive of infinitely more mischief than that which it professed to remove . said , he had been glad to hear the accuracy of the statements of his hon . and learned friend admitted , and still more so to hear it conceded that the arrangements proposed by him would meet the evil ; and his satisfaction was not a little encreased , when he heard the objections to those arrangements . Compared with the admissions that had been 536 made , he was sure the fresh objections started would weigh but little with the House . As to the first objection of his hon . and learned friend who had spoken last , he did not agree with him in thinking that the excellent judge alluded to would be unwilling to afford an assistance which was necessary to the public , and which should be called for by parliament . His hon . and learned friend opposite had stated , that by increasing the duties of the Master of the Rolls , he would be prevented from attending in this House , an evil which , he owned , could not be sufficiently deprecated . But how came it that on this important Bill , with the nature of which he must be supposed to be so intimately acquainted , the House was deprived of the assistance of the Master of the Rolls . The inconvenience from the Master of the Rolls not having a seat in that House , they at present laboured under ; neither had the authority of this excellent judge been quoted as favourable to the Bill , however weighty an argument it would be in favour of the measure , if that Bill had come to the House backed by his name . His hon . and learned friends ( sir S. Romilly and Mr. Leach ) , after devoting more of their time to their legal business than the Master of the Rolls would be , under the arrangement proposed , obliged to devote , found time for attendance in that House , The hon . and learned gentleman had asked , why not extend the principle of his hon . and learned friend to the other courts ? The answer was , that the other courts had an unmixed jurisdiction ; that it was of a most extensive nature , and that from the various and laborious duties to be performed on circuits , a certain number of law judges was indispensable . It must-have occurred to his hon . and learned friend that , the reason for the number of judges in the courts of law was , not to transact to greater advantage the ordinary business , but to secure a sufficiency of legal knowledge on nice and important cases . To give any further answer to the third objection would be only to weaken what had been so well stated by his hon . and learned friend . He could not but consider that none of the objections had any weight when compared to the solid arguments and perspicuous eloquence which had been that night displayed ; he trusted , therefore , that if the committee did sit that night , a future opportunity would be afforded of giving to the suggestions of his hon . and learned 537 friend all that candid consideration to which they were so well entitled . These three objections were all that had been set up against the arguments in opposition to the Bill , which had been urged with such weight , eloquence , and wit , on that and on a former night.—The hon .