A conciliation which shall soften national prejudices , shall temper misguided zeal , shall still the clamours of disaffection , 770 and shall beget confidence and friendship in the room of jealousy and mistrust ? These concessions , it is true , may add power to the powerful , may increase the wealth of the wealthy , and gratify the ambition of the ambitious ; but will their effects be felt by those who are struggling with poverty , perhaps groaning under oppression , arising from a totally different cause from that of which they are taught to complain ? The mansions of those interested few who have derived advantages from the successful result of their perseverance may , for a time , resound with the celebration of their victory ; but will the feelings of gratitude pervade the humble dwellings of the poor ? I mean not , Sir , to assert that there are no persons who would be contented with the concessions in question , but I contend that the number of those who feel any strong interest upon this subject , unconnected with any ulterior object , is exceedingly small . On the other hand , what is the number of those for whom danger is to be apprehended ? It is no less than the whole Protestant population of the united empire ! And what is the advantage proposed for the public ? It is that the public may have the chance of being benefited by the service of persons , in a few situations , from which they are at present excluded ! And what is the danger to be apprehended for the public ? Nothing less than the destruction of our civil and ecclesiastical constitution ! And would it be right to expose so many to danger , for the sake of gratifying so few ? Would it be wise to risk so much for the chance of gaining so little ? Has this or the other Protestant House of Parliament been found incompetent to the discharge of its important duties ? Have there been wanting Protestants of skill and courage to command our army or our navy ? Have there been wanting Protestants of learning and integrity to preside in our courts of justice and equity ? Have there been wanting Protestants of sound constitutional principles and distinguished political knowledge to fill the great offices of state ? The right hon . gentleman stated that the admission of Papists , into all offices of trust and power , will secure the future peace and tranquillity of Ireland . I am persuaded that none of the seditious practices , of which Ireland has been the unfortunate scene , in reality owed their origin to any disability , to which the Roman Catholics were subject . We ought ever to bear in mind that all penal statutes , 771 of every description , and all the disabling statutes , which apply to the lower and middle ranks of life , which must constitute far the largest proportion , among any set of people , are already removed : they can acquire property of any description ; they can pursue any profession ; they are permitted to exercise the elective franchise ; and will people , who enjoy all these valuable privileges , which are within their reach , rebel against the government under which they enjoy them , merely because they can not become members of parliament , or secretaries of state ; situations to which it would be ridiculous to consider them as aspiring ? Mankind , Sir , are not thus keenly , thus tremblingly alive to the feelings of others . Let gentlemen consider the conduct of their own tenantry and of the peasantry of the neighbourhood in which they live ; and let them say whether they ever discover any symptoms of this quick sensibility , of this readiness to fly to arms , and to have recourse to any means , however illegal or however violent , in support of any cause in which their landlords or superiors alone , were supposed to have an interest . That the