any motion on these subjects ; but it was not to be supposed that on an Address , which ancient usage had made it customary to be an echo of the Speech from the throne , they were to discuss the whole state of the country , and anticipate the whole business of the session . And as if they had not enough on their hands , the hon . gentleman proposed also the present state of our currency as one of the subjects of address . This subject had been before the last parliament , and it must be recollected , that nobody had then proposed a remedy , whatever might be the extent of the evil . This might be again a subject of future inquiry , but why incorporate it into the Address , if no remedy was yet pretended to be found . Then the hon . gentleman came forward with a proposition for peace , for peace on any terms . He had brought in the war in Russia as an argument for 105 peace , but this was the best thing that could have happened , to shew that there was still a power in Europe that not only dared to resist the conqueror , but to turn back his tide of success . This , however , was not a war in which this country was concerned as a principal . There was nobody here responsible for it , or answerable for its results . The hon gentleman therefore had better have gone into the war in Spain , for there were persons in England responsible for that . The hon . gentleman had descanted at some length on the burning of Moscow , and had represented it as pretended on our part , that the people had set fire to their own houses . Nobody , however , had ever stated , that the people had set fire to their own houses ; the general feeling of the Russian people had only been adverted to as willing to submit to any sacrifice , and shewing their Jove of their own government , and their detestation of the enemy in all their towns and villages , by their continued and increasing exertions . The hon . gentleman had denied the similarity of the Russian retreat to that of Moreau ; but if the Russians had retreated on a settled plan before a superior force , where was the dissimilarity ? With respect , too , to the cavil at that passage of what had fallen from the noble secretary ( lord Castlereagh ) on the subject of the war in Spain : his noble friend had only spoken of Torres Vedras by way of comparison , and not as what was likely to happen . The hon . gentleman had also misrepresented our connection with Sweden . Much advantage had been gained by that alliance , and Russia had been thereby enabled to throw a strong force into Riga , which not only checked the progress of the enemy , but occupied a very considerable portion of his attention . With respect to the siege of Burgos , he could not see that government was to blame . It was the spontaneous act of the general alone , and a very natural consequence of the result of the battle of Salamanca . With regard to America , it would not be fair to discuss that subject , nor could it be expected by the House to have laid before them and the public the necessary information respecting the negociation , till ail hope should be lost of reconciliation . It was enough to say , that the necessary means had been taken to have a sufficient naval force in that quarter , and that , at the present moment , there were four times the number of British frigates on the American 106 coast , that there were of those of the enemy . Some allusions had also been made to our military warfare in that quarter ; but no man would say , that in the present circumstances , we should divert