for common blessings and protection . Surely this is not bigotry—this is not intolerance—this is not an unrelenting adherence to that rigid line of separation , which the Roman Catholic , in spiritual matters , is said to have eternally drawn betwixt himself and the rest of the world . If there be many such instances ( and I 969 have heard that there are such of a still higher order ) , surely their impression on the mind must be , that they are symptoms of at least an incipient approximation , in the Catholic , to common feelings with ourselves—indications of a disposition of good will , which may ultimately lead to their conciliation , and perhaps even to an actual coalescence with us . Sir , I feel that I have more than sufficiently troubled both you and the House . I will therefore sit down , with a request , that I may be distinctly understood , in going into the Committee , not to pledge myself , necessarily , to support the measures , which may be there proposed , but simply with the desire to have the subject fully and fairly examined and discussed—with a most earnest and sincere hope , that such examination may and will lead to a final and conciliatory adjustment ; but , with a determined resolution not to consent to any measure , which has a tendency to weaken or disturb an establishment , which I believe to be a most integral and sacred part of our constitution , and , at the same time , one of the greatest blessings to the country which that constitution affords . rose and said : —Sir , I should not have ventured to obtrude myself on the notice of the House , on this occasion , had I not thought that , in giving a silent vote upon this important question , I should have ill discharged my duty to my constituents , and to the populous and respectable county , which I have the honour to represent . Sir , I entirely concur in opinion with the right hon . member , who brought forward this question , as to the truths of the abstract proposition he then laid down-that all civil disqualifications of any class or description of his Majesty 's subjects , or indeed of the subjects of any state , are not , in themselves , founded in nature or in justice . No , Sir ; they are , like all the ordinances of man , the effects of his necessities and infirmities—they arise from the contingencies of the moment ; and , when the causes which produced them are done away , they also should be removed , but with the same care and caution with which they were imposed , and for the same special and solid reason—'Ne quid detrimenti respublica capiat . ' It will be perceived , Sir , from these principles , that my objections , to going into the Committee , are grounded entirely 970 on the consideration of the times and circumstances , under which this motion is brought forward . We are engaged in a desperate conflict with France , the ancient enemy of our church and state ; and the supreme head of the Catholic church is a prisoner in France—in the hands and power of Buonaparté , with whom he has recently signed a new concordatum . Sir , can any more cogent or irresistible reason be assigned for declining now to legislate on this subject , than these two facts ? We must necessarily legislate in the dark , upon the most important points for the consideration of the Committee . We are entirely uninformed of the nature and terms of this new arrangement ; —we are in absolute ignorance , not only of the secret articles , which may have been agreed upon , but also of the general tenor and bearing of the instrument itself . How , then , can the Committee , with safety or with certainty , decide upon what may be granted , or the securities which should be