edge of religious animosities , in a country where they have found assistance and protection from religious persecution . Sir , there is still another Petition to which I can not help briefly adverting . A worthy alderman ( sir William Curtis ) presented the other day , a petition from London of very considerable bulk . The child and the nurse were well proportioned to each other . The worthy alderman told us on that occasion that every person arrived at years of discretion had a right to express his opinion . Very true , Sir . But the hon . baronet might have remembered that there was a petition , of a still greater size than the present one , against the Catholics , which , in the recollection of many who hear me , set the four coiners of London in flames . I ask the hon . baronet whether he thinks it would be prudent to hazard the recurrence of such a calamity ? And I am induced to do so , because I have seen , every where , hand-bills in circula- 959 tion containing the most gross and detest able falsehoods . Even at the door of this House , I saw a person this day distributing a printed paper , which I believe he delivered to every member who passed him , pretending to be the opinions of a Catholic on this question , charging my right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) with insincerity , and stating that the measure proposed would be an insult to the Catholic body . I am convinced that this paper was not the production of a Catholic , but the gross artifice of a furious and bigotted Protestant , as base and detestable as the fabricated Third Part of Penal Statutes against the Catholics . Sir , a society calling itself the Protestant Union has lately been formed in this city ; in principle it is the same— ( change but a word , —call it the Protestant Association—and we have an Association that set London in flames ) . At the head of this new Protestant Association I lament to see the name of a learned , amiable , and benevolent man ( Mr. Granville Sharpe ) who has lived a long life of virtue and piety , and who , I am fully convinced , is actuated by the purest intentions . An hon . gentleman , the late member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) knows , as well as myself , that that worthy man is not influenced , in his opposition to the claims of the Catholics , by the Coronation Oath , or by considerations of political expediency , not by any evil to be apprehended from papal influence or authority , but from having discovered in the Apocalypse , that if ever the Catholic Claims should be granted , the vials of the wrath of Heaven will be poured out upon these kingdoms ! Sir , it is mortifying to see the most ridiculous stories that have been gravely circulated , under the sanction of this new Protestant Union , with the excellent person to whom I have alluded , at its head—the conversations of a poor Irish girl respecting her priest—and similar absurdities too farcical to mention . With respect to securities , Sir , the Catholics have none to give . We took all away . We have every thing in our own hands . We have been doling back to them , little by little , the privileges they now enjoy . The restrictions which remain constitute what are falsely called your securities—for satisfied I am , that if they were removed , the Church and State would be infinitely more secure . Sir , as kingdoms have never been overturned but by the misconduct of their 960 kings and rulers , so the church of England will never be overturned , but by the misconduct of the prelates at her Head . But , though these are my opinions , other persons may entertain different ones ; and I am ready , therefore ,