those arguments , which are set forth , with an attempt to prove this exclusion to be a fun- 1002 damental principle of the safety of the church and constitution , that king William was not a member of the church of England , —that the House of Brunswick was not brought into the succession to the throne at the Revolution , but in the 12th year of the reign of king William , —that the English Catholics were not excluded from office and the legislature at the Revolution , but in the reign of Charles the second , —and that the Irish Catholics were not excluded till three years after the Revolution had taken place , and then in direct contravention of the treaty of Limerick , by which king William engaged to protect them from any such exclusion . In support of what has already been said to shew that the concessions to the Catholics will not be a violation of the constitution , the great authorities of Mr. Fox , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Burke , and Mr. Windham may be quoted . These names have already been mentioned in this debate , but the particular point , to which their great authority is most useful and applicable , is this , concerning the constitution . For it is not to be supposed , for one moment , that they could have been ignorant of the bearings of this question on the constitution ; or that they ever would have sanctioned the Catholic cause if Catholic emancipation could not be effected without removing the bulwarks of the constitution . If then there is nothing in the religious principles of the Catholics , incompatible with their loyalty , and if the laws for excluding them from office and from the legislature were grounded , according to Mr. Justice Blackstone , De Lolme , and Mr. Fox , upon their civil principles , the whole and only question to be decided is , whether there is any thing in the civil principles , at this time , professed by the Catholics , to justify the continuance of these laws . Can any one now say they are the friends of a pretender , or the advocates of arbitrary power ? Such a charge has not been brought forward in the course of the debate ; but a new attempt is made to discover , in the political conduct of the Catholics , a plea for continuing the exclusion . The bishop of London and others have called the rebellion of 1798 a Catholic rebellion . But what is the true character of that transaction ? The report of the Committee of the Irish parliament , drawn up by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) shews , that if it had began in 1797 , as 1003 once intended , it would have been a rebellion confined to the Protestants of the north of Ireland . That the Catholics , who were concerned in it in 1798 , were such of the peasantry who had been brought into it , by the northern and Protestant leaders . That the Catholic nobility , gentry , and clergy cooperated with the government in suppressing it . A right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Elliot ) who was in the Irish cabinet at the time , has , on a former occasion , borne witness to the loyal and essential services of all the Catholic bishops , and it is now ascertained that not one Catholic priest , having a benefice , was implicated in it , and that out of nearly 3,000 priests , who administer the Catholic religion in Ireland , nine only were engaged in the rebellion , all of whom had been previously censured or punished for misconduct , by the superiors of their own church . Of the twenty-four leaders , who were banished to Fort St. George , only four of them were Catholics . But what is still more decisive on this point , Mr. Pitt , who must have been the best qualified of all persons to give a correct opinion , has declared ,