required ? We must necessarily do either too little or too much for the occasion ; and , on this account , the time is most unfavourable to the views and wishes of the Catholics themselves . But , Sir , the danger also is great , in agitating and deciding upon these points , under the present circumstances . The continental influence of the Pope is , at present , unknown to us . He is the tool and instrument of Buonaparté ; and we must expect every advantage to be derived from this influence , against this country , as the craft and policy of such an enemy can suggest . Nor , indeed , could a more fatal and effectual means of dividing and weakening the energies of the United Kingdom be devised , by Buonaparté himself , than our proceeding to the discussions of this question at this time . In so doing , we are , in fact forwarding and facilitating the plans of our foe against us ; and this is , in truth , acknowledged by those , who support this motion , in allowing , that the really disaffected party in Ireland are the most violent in their demands for its immediate entertainment . In my humble opinion , therefore , Sir , this question will be most wisely and safely postponed ; and , although I can not pretend to know whether it may be consistent with the forms and usages of this House , I can not help most anxiously wishing that a resolution might be entered upon its Journals , that this House would 971 take the subject into its most serious consideration on the establishment of peace . Sir , I think that many beneficial consequences would thus ensue . We should have the whole subject , in all its bearings , fully before us . It would then be discussed without jealousy , without apprehension ; and the result must be more satisfactory to the empire at large . I know of no one inconvenience , on this fair understanding , which could arise from the postponement of the question . The Protestants have given an ample pledge of their favourable dispositions to the Catholics , by the removal of disqualifications , which have already taken place . The Catholics have , on the other hand , given an equally solemn pledge , by the acknowledged loyalty of their conduct , and by the zeal , with which they enter into our fleets and armies , and the gallantry , with which they shed their best blood in the common cause of the empire . Then , Sir , when peace shall once more be established , when the irritation and soreness produced by this protracted war shall be done away , when the power and continental influence of the Pope shall be known and ascertained—then , Sir , may this important subject be safely and wisely entered upon—when the Protestant , the Catholic , and the Dissenter , may cordially and heartily unite in the accomplishment of that most important work , a general identification of the interests of every class and description of his Majesty 's subjects . .—Sir , I feel reluctant to obtrude upon the House , at this late hour , but I can not suppress my anxiety not to give a silent vote upon this question . I shall certainly support the motion of the right hon . gent . but , on a question upon which there are so many shades and gradations of opinion , among those who will generally concur in their vote on the resolution , I am desirous not to be misunderstood as to the extent of opinion , which my vote will express . I certainly am aware that the pledge of the last parliament is not binding on the present , yet , considering the preponderating majority , by which that pledge was given , I do not see so great an alteration in the composition of the House , as to expect a difference in the decision of the aggregate . But has