two millions . And here he could not forbear pressing on the attention of the House , 304 the decided and very laudable inclination which had been exhibited by the governor and directors of the Bank , to do every thing in their power to remedy the evil to which the country was exposed . But the reason which now chiefly induced him to rise was , a desire to suggest some change of our commercial intercourse with the countries subject to the enemy , such as might have the effect of obviating the necessity of having recourse in future to measures of a similar nature to that which was now under discussion . It had been , as was well known , for a long time , the object of Buonaparté to effect the reduction of our political power , by excluding our manufactures from the countries which had fallen beneath his rule , and thus cutting off a main source of our national wealth . How sanguine he had been in the prosecution of this plan , not to mention less prominent instances , might be collected from his late attempt against Russia , which was made avowedly with a view to the furtherance of his purpose , and that with an eagerness and precipitation which had put his crown and life in jeopardy . There was undoubtedly much reason to hope that he was on the eve of being overtaken by a just retribution , which , while it avenged the cause of an oppressed world , would obviate the necessity of deliberating with respect to measures of future defence from injury ; but we should not be too sanguine in our views of the present state of affairs , however indulgent it might be to our hopes . It was but too probable that our enemy might escape , and even with diminished power retain sufficient to accomplish his great purpose of excluding us from all commercial intercourse with the continent , at either extremity . This being the case , it might not be inexpedient to reflect a little on the progress of the measures intended to injure our commerce , as well as those by which they had been met on our part . The first to which the enemy had recourse were met by the Orders in Council , and the consequence of both was an almost total cessation of commercial intercourse ; this state of things continued till the year 1809 , when a quantity of goods were shipped in this country , and the efforts of the enemy to prevent the sale frustrated , and this was continued for some time , till by one grand stroke of policy , all hopes of future success were wrested from us , and for some time , our state was much the same as if our Orders in Council had been 305 rigidly enforced . Buonaparté , then feeling that the people he governed suffered very much from the want of certain articles which it was in our power to withhold from them , agreed to take a certain quantity of goods upon condition that we should take in return commodities to the same amount . In this we acquiesced ; but it would be easily perceived by those who would take the trouble of examining the nature of this traffic , that it was not conducted on any principle of reciprocity . While we received any thing wanted in this community , he made a strict selection of such articles of importation as he was in the greatest possible want of , such as dyed woods , indigo , and other materials , without which , certain manufactures must have been abandoned , of medicines , of leather , of bridles and saddles , and other equipments for his cavalry . How far such a trade as this could be beneficial to the country it was for ministers to decide . observed , that the remarks of the hon . gentleman were most foreign to the question before the House . For his part he confessed himself wholly unable to discover their