be very much doubted , whether the feeling which seemed to have actuated general Ballasteros was not too prevalent in Spain , to admit of any advantage being taken by lord Wellington as commander of the forces of that country . The noble lord said that Russia would be satisfied 97 with our utmost exertions in the peninsula , as likely to be more useful to her than any pecuniary or military aid we could afford her elsewhere . He could not think that these exertions had been such as either Russia or this country had a right to expect . Shortly after the glorious victory of Salamanca , lord Wellington was obliged , from want of means , to abandon his conquering career , and to retreat before the enemy he had previously beaten ; he was forced to give up part of his late conquests ; nor did the Spaniards avail themselves of the moment of respite the bravery of our troops had procured for them , to improve their means of defence against the common enemy . The cause of Spain , therefore , seemed not so hopeful as the noble lord had chosen to represent it . With regard to the efforts which had been made in the prosecution of this war , he had to observe that when war was carried on in any country , there was not a doubt that the most vigorous efforts were the most likely to lead to a speedy termination . There was this difference between an offensive and a defensive war , that an offensive war ought always to be a war of spirit . When vigorous efforts , therefore , were resolved to be made in Spain , there ought to be no limit to that vigour . Let an application , therefore , be made to the Prince Regent , to know from him whether the greatest possible use had been made by ministers of the means with which they were entrusted for carrying on the war , before coming to a decision on the merits of ministers , or the probability of the war being in future carried on with success.—He was far from wishing to refuse ministers the means necessary to carry on the contest in which we were engaged to a successful issue ; but feeling for the people , groaning under accumulated burdens , and threatened with the financial abilities of the right hon . gentleman opposite , he thought the last resources of the country should not be granted without secutity that they should be properly applied.—After some observations on the miserable state of the manufacturers of this country , and their gloomy anticipations with respect to the ensuing Budget , he observed that the right hon . gentleman in his speech did great injustice , in his opinion , to America , on the subject of which he ( Mr. W. ) still retained the sentiments he had before manifested , namely , that this country had done every thing to drive her into a war , and made concessions 98 too tardily to avert that evil . The right hon . gentleman indeed , in his usual metaphoric way , had talked of the law of nature , by which affection descended , and not ascended , and observed that children were seldom known to have the same affection for their parents which their parents felt for them ; he thought that great parental affection had been shewn here ; and very little filial love had been shewn there . Now , to judge from the correspondence which had Taken place between Mr. Munro , Mr. Pinckney , and the right hon . gentleman himself , who according to his own metaphor was the father and they were the children , he would say , that he had lashed them most unmercifully , and that they had borne their castigation with all the meekness of filial submission . He was not , however , ready to condemn ministers without proof , and one of the objects he expected from his Amendment was , to obtain information on the conduct