usefully employ themselves , in the humbler avocations of private life , but that public service they never can perform , public honour they never shall attain ? What we have lost by the continuance of this system , it is not for man to know . What we may have lost can more easily be imagined . If it had unfortunately happened that by the circumstances of birth and education , a Nelson , a Wellington , a Burke , a Fox , or a Pitt , had belonged to this class of the community , of what honours and what glory might not the page of British history have been deprived ? To what perils and calamities might not this country have been exposed ? The question is not whether we would have so large a part of the population Catholic or not . There they are , and we must deal with them as we can . It is in vain to think that by any human pressure , we can stop the spring which gushes from the earth . But it is for us to consider whether we will force it to spend its strength in secret and hidden courses , undermining our fences , and corrupting our soil , or whether we shall , at once , turn the current into the open and spacious channel of honourable and constitutional ambition , converting it into the means of Ifational prosperity and public wealth . I shall , therefore , go into the committee with an anxious and sincere desire that I its deliberations may lead to some arrangement , which may be final and satisfactory on this subject . But I shall go into the committee free and unfettered by any pledge , and holding myself at liberty to decide for myself upon whatever propositions may there be suggested . , jun . ( member for Colchester ) rose and said : Sir , I consider the opinions of the House , with respect to the merits of the question , to be divided into several distinct and separate classes . There are those , who think that the Roman Catholics ask nothing more than they have a perfect right to demand , and who are , therefore , desirous of going into a committee , to grant every thing required of them . Others consider the question as one of expediency rather than of right , and , under this view of the subject , think it political and advisable to grant the claims of the Catholics , under sufficient securities to the church and the constitution . These honourable gentlemen are desirous of going into a committee , at all events , urging that , when the House has come to this determination , it will be seen what securities the Catholics are willing to grant , and if these appear to the House not sufficient , it will then be time to refuse their petition . There appear to be those also who think that , by going into a committee , and by giving the subject every requisite consideration , they should amply prove , to the Catholics , that they are not actuated by any blind prejudices , in refusing to accede to the prayer of their petition , and that , by this ample investigation , they should be able to shew the Catholics themselves the impracticability of the measure so clearly , as to put the question finally at rest . There is yet another class , differing from all the rest , in the main question under consideration , that of going into a committee . They agree indeed with those , who wish to canvass the claims , rather on the plea of expediency than of right : but from this slight agreement of premises , the conclusion they arrive at is widely different ; for they consider the grant , so entirely inexpedient , that , even the agitation of the subject is unadvisable . To those who conceive the Catholics to be demanding only what they have a right to demand ; that their