that any argument , deduced from authority , however high , is not the argument which can or ought to determine the judgment of this House . It is to the expediency or the inexpediency , to the danger or security of any measure , that this House ought to direct its deliberative wisdom . Before I proceed to examine the nature and effect of these 767 claims , it is natural I should wish to call the attention of the House to the present situation of the Roman Catholics in Ireland ; in order to ascertain whether there be any just foundation for those arguments deduced from their alleged state of bondage and oppression , and for those appeals to our justice and humanity , by which so many attempts have been made to influence our judgment . I am aware how difficult it must be to counteract those feelings which the eloquence just exerted in their behalf can not fail to have excited in every breast ; feelings which , were I not convinced that the picture which has been drawn exists only in imagination , I trust I should ever cherish with delight , and avow with eagerness . Sir , were we to listen with impartial reliance upon the representations of the right hon . gentleman , we should be led to believe that the Roman Catholics of Ireland were , by us , condemned to drag on a miserable existence , expelled , as it were , from the bosom of their native country , struggling with all the inventions of tyranny , and contending against all the machinations of persecution ; neither secured in their property from plunder , nor in their persons protected from outrage ; but borne down with afflictions , which they can not alleviate , and overwhelmed with sorrows which they can not avert : in poverty , amidst surrounding affluence which they can not enjoy ; in slavery , amidst universal freedom , from which they are excluded ; in misery , amidst pre-eminent blessings , in which they are doomed not to participate . Such is the portrait exhibited for our commiseration , and such the condition we are called upon to ameliorate . But can any one , uninfluenced by prejudice , can any one uninflamed by passion , for an instant , contend that the representation is just ? On the contrary , are they not governed by the same impartial laws , associated in the same interests , and members of the same community with their Protestant fellow-subjects ? Is not every encouragement afforded to their industry , every regard paid to their welfare , and every exertion made for their happiness , equally with ourseives ? Are they not in the undisturbed possession of their religion ? Is not their hierarchy protected , and are they not , by law , secured in the complete observance and unmolested celebration of all their sacred rites ? Is there not a college founded and maintained at the public 768 expence , for the sole and exclusive purpose of educating their youth , according to their own principles , and instilling into their minds their own doctrines and tenets ? Have they not even their share of political influence , by the unqualified admission to the elective franchise ? In short , though , for reasons which we shall come to presently , the higher ranks are precluded from attaining some of the most exalted stations of power and of trust , can it be said that the body of the Roman Catholics are not in the perfect enjoyment of all the accumulated blessings of our invaluable constitution ? Without entering into the necessity of a church establishment ; without arguing the duty , incumbent upon every government , to provide for its security ; because I believe they are truths which few , if any , members of this House will be disposed to deny , and without now considering whether the disabilities which exist are more or less than are essential for that purpose , I will assert as an incontrovertible position , that no