lord Clarendon a judge of this , more than any other Protestant ? Was it not more reasonable to take the opinion on this subject of persons professing the Catholic faith ? It was the first time he had ever heard of a Protestant being set up as the perfect judge of the faith of a Catholic . What said the parliament of this country on the subject ? Had it taken the opinion of lord Clarendon or of the Catholics themselves , as affording the best evidence of the fact ? They had taken the latter ; and with this interpretation of the matter the right of suffrage had been conceded to the Catholics , without any denial on their part of the spiritual supremacy of the Pope , and , notwithstanding the opinion of lord Clarendon was , no doubt , highly estimated by the University of Oxford , 1213 and consequently by the right hon . gentleman , yet , he hoped , that opinion was not to decide the question . But the right hon . gentleman said , the claims of the Catholics ought never to be conceded to them till they were willing to make concessions on their part . He presumed the first of these would be that the Pope had no spiritual power of supremacy ? They must disclaim this , or the right hon . gentleman could never consent to give them any political power ! Why , from the moment they did so , they must cease to be Catholics . What was this but saying that we would admit them into the pale of the constitution notwithstanding their being Roman Catholics ; but then , the first thing they must do , to entitle them to this privilege , is to surrender the very principle which we build on as the ground-work of the exclusion ! therefore it was a mockery , an insult , to offer them concession on such terms—on condition only that they should abandon their religion.—The right hon . gentleman did not appear to be aware of the extent of his proposition , for he affected to concede something which he made it impossible for them to receive.—Let us not deceive ourselves or the Catholics on this subject—let us assume no mental disguise—let us practise no equivocation or-mental reservation , and suppose that in doing what the right hon . gentleman proposed , we made any concessions to the Catholics—for if we so acted , all we did amounted to this— '' We will make concessions to the Catholic only when they cease to be Catholics . '' This would , in fact , be the case ; and if we wailed till the Catholics denied the spiritual supremacy of the Pope , before we made the concessions now demanded , we conceded to them nothing . But what reason , he would ask , could there be , why the Catholics should give to parliament securities till they offered to them those concessions which they were willing to grant ? The course to be pursued by the House was , to tell the Catholics plainly what it was inclined to grant , and it was for them to accept or reject the proposition ; but in case they did not accept of what the House might think proper to offer , was the House then bound to proceed in the measure ? If concessions were agreed to , and the exceptions and exclusions marked out , should any disposition to object to the plan be manifested by the Catholics , would the House be bound to complete the arrangement ? He imagined not—if the Bill had been 1214 brought in and read a second time , would they be obliged to go through the committee ? Certainly not . He wished the House to look at the absurdity of retarding the measure in its progress , lest the plan should not ultimately be agreeable to the Catholics . If the concessions were held out to them , under certain conditions , then the Catholics would know on what footing they stood , and would