the delay which arose in making peace with the Turks , which detained a large portion of the Russian force in a remote part of the empire , the Russian army was numerically inferior to the invading army of France . Under these circumstances , the advice was followed which had been given from various quarters , but particularly by the gallant commander of our armies in the peninsula , to act upon a defensive system . In conformity with this system , the Russian troops retreated , but in a manner that gave birth to the most sanguine hope of the events which ultimately followed . During the course of the retreat not a corps was cut off nor a detachment made prisoners , except in partial conflicts . At length the opportunity arrived for offensive operations , and the events that followed were already before the public . To give effect to this offensive system , the greatest sacrifices had been made . There was no example in modern warfare of so great and magnanimous a sacrifice as that of the burning of Moscow . Look at a population of 200,000 persons , voluntarily quitting their homes , and sacrificing their houses and their property , in order that Moscow might not afford quarters and become a place of arms for the enemy . It was not merely , however , at Moscow , that these sacrifices were made , but hundreds of villages were destroyed , upon the approach of the enemy , by the inhabitants , who , after making this sacrifice , in numerous instances , retired into the adjoining woods , and returned with whatever arms they could procure to encounter the invaders of their country . In every other instance of an invasion by the French arms , except in the peninsula , the people had stood for nothing ; in Russia they had stood for every thing—actuated by an universal spirit of patriotism , they had voluntarily made the greatest sacrifices , they had offered up every selfish consideration , every sentiment of mere personal enjoyment , every private object , at the shrine of their country . In these sacrifices , and in such a contest , it was evident , that much individual misery must have been endured . To contribute in some degree to the alleviation of that misery the generosity of Britons was called upon—a generosity which was characteristic of British feeling in all its warmest impulses , where no other consideration intervened . But here , to the feelings of generosity , every consideration of interest was added . Why did 321 France invade Russia ? not for the sake of invading Russia , but because Russia would not adhere to the continental system ; because the government of Russia would not consent to exclude from her ports the produce of our industry . Great Britain was , therefore , attacked through the medium of Russia , and to look at the question merely in a mercantile point of view , the greatest benefit had already accrued to our commercial interests from the Russian successes . Was it nothing to have the market of 36,000,000 of people ? Already had our commercial interests been materially benefited . The great interests connected with our colonies , had experienced the advantage flowing from the rise in the price of all colonial produce ; our I manufacturing interests had been benefited by the increased demand for the produce of their industry . Every channel of commerce had received fresh life and vigour , through the successes of the Russians . Looking at the question , therefore , in the narrowest point of view , the proposed aid was eminently called for—but in how much greater a degree , from other causes , and other feelings ? Had it been merely a check to that torrent of ambition which had deluged so many other countries , still he would have contended for the grant ; but here , where British interests were concerned in the contest—where British interests were so materially benefited by the result—how much more was such an aid