to the manner in which , in many instances in this country , and more particularly in Ireland , these petitions have been obtained . In Ireland they have been the consequence 749 of a requisition to the sheriffs of the respective counties , to call a meeting of the Protestant inhabitants . Now , it appears to me to be exceedingly objectionable for a public officer to call the people together in sects ; and to give , to a private and party meeting , the authority of a public assembly . Again , it appears to me exceedingly objectionable thus to separate religious sects , and to give the semblance of public authority to religious animosities . I object again to calling one part of his Majesty 's subjects to petition against another ; and still more do I object to their petitioning another country against the liberties of their own . Sir , I beg not to be understood as casting any reflections on the Irish Protestant petitioners ; but their object has evidently been neither more nor less than this—to intreat the parliament of this country not to grant civil liberty to the great body of the people of Ireland . They petition us to inflict on their countrymen a sentence of perpetual incapacity : they petition us to announce to Ireland , the destination of being for ever a divided colony , and to impress on the general sense , an acquiescence in the necessity of this being a divided empire . Sitting for a moment , they have given judgment for eternity . Let us consider a little their reasons for this judgment . One of the first observations which these petitions contain , is , that the tone which the Catholics have assumed renders it unwise to grant their claims . But that is not the question . We are not , in the parliament of the united empire , entering into an examination of the arguments which may have been urged in this or that body . We are not enquiring whether Mr. A. or Mr. B. may or may not have spoken too freely . What has the conduct of any particular assembly to do with the great body of the Catholics ? The question is , shall the great body of the Catholics of Ireland be emancipated ? The opponents of the Catholic claims say , that they ought not to be emancipated , because Mr. Fitzpatrick published a libel . But this is not a question dependent on such circumstances . I do not say that there may not have been much warmth exhibited in the discussion in Ireland ; but I say that the question is—can you , in any of their proceedings , charge the Catholics with want of allegiance ? It is a question of allegiance . If it can be shewn that the Catholics of Ireland have shewn a disposition adverse to loyalty , 750 then my motion ought to be rejected . But if , on the contrary , there does not appear any disaffection in their proceedings , in their speeches , or in their general conduct , then the resolution of thanks to the Irish Catholics , which was involved in the resolution of thanks to the army which gained the victory of Salamanca , should be followed up in its full and genuine spirit ; and the Catholics of Ireland should be considered as entitled to the same civil liberties , as the other loyal subjects of his Majesty 's empire have a natural and legal right to possess . Having thus stated the question to be one of allegiance , let us proceed , Sir , to examine how the Anti-Catholics have made out their case . They say , that the Catholics desire political power . Why should they not ? Why should they be sentenced to utter and hopeless exclusion from all political power ? But , Sir , the Catholics have not applied for political power . They have applied for political protection ; and no farther for political power than as political power is inseparable from