Maker , the right of adoring God , in his own way , is that , with which no human power ought to interfere . Upon these plain grounds it is easy to refute the sophistry of such arguments , as are founded upon the natural rights of man to possess , or to be capable of possessing , all things equally . The words of that pamphlet are , `` This penal infliction reaches every description of non-conformists to the established church ; their religion therefore is not tolerated ; it is persecuted : '' —and a little further , `` The Roman Catholics are the most persecuted of all . `` —If all , to whom such power or capacity he denied , are in a state of persecution , let it be considered to how prodigious a proportion of the inhabitants of Great Britain , this species of persecution extends , who are excluded , by the want of property , from the elective franchise , or by the want of a larger qualification in respect of property , from sitting in this House . I believe , however , that , whatever enlarged notions are entertained out of doors , with regard to these indefeasible and original rights , they have very few advocates within this House . I understand the right hon . mover never to have maintained any such absurd and extravagant proposition , and his speech of this night professes to hold out some security for the Protestant establishment , though , either from the fault of the right hop . mover , or possibly from my own , while I laboured to catch and retain what might be the substance of the security , which appeared floating over the surface of his whole speech , I am unable to satisfy myself what it is that he intends . I recollect , upon a former occasion , that he much expatiated upon the pernicious effects of foreign influence , stating that it would be necessary , at all events , to abolish , or to subject it to strict regulations : it is true that , upon this night , he has not adverted to it ; I take it for granted however , that his opinion is not shaken upon that important point ; but I can not help remarking that one of the modern accredited writers , Mr. Clinch , who has received the thanks of all the bishops , for his able writings on church government against Columbanus , animadverts , with some asperity and affected surprise , upon Mr. Grattan 's conduct , in these words , `` Could it have been thought that 792 Mr. Grattan would insist , not as an enemy , but as a chief advocate , not on the renouncing of foreign jurisdiction , but on the perpetual exclusion of foreign influence , which is Catholic religion ? '' Whatever may be Mr. Grattan 's present view of this matter , there are others , and particularly my right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) -who will not suffer it to be left unprovided for ; an unrestrained communication with a foreign power , contrary to the existing law of the land , can not remain upon its present footing , if any new privileges are to be granted ; neither can the nomination , and dependence of the bishops , upon the see of Rome , be allowed to continue , without some of those checks and restrictions , which exist , in every other country , against the encroachments of that church ; of which this kingdom also availed itself , when it was in communion with that see . I know that my right hon . friend is not prepared to leave this matter , simply , upon the security of the oath , as it now rests . And I hope that he , or some other supporter of the question , will make up for what appears a deficiency in the mover , and that he will distinctly state what project he has of any Bill , under