fame as bound up in him , did not furnish a man to stand by him on the principles he avowed respecting the appointment of lord Wellington . He was made a prisoner by his own soldiers , and delivered up in obedience to the orders received from Cadiz . This was a conquest over national feeling most glorious to lord Wellington , and he trusted he would now induce the Spaniards to surrender all their prejudices . This was a triumph for the gallant marquis greater than had ever been obtained by any other man , and perhaps it was the proudest trophy of lord Wellington 's greatness , that he had not merely defeated the French armies , but that he had conquered the moral feeling of Spain , however laudable and useful that feeling might be on other occasions . It must be admired for the sake of the common cause , that his conduct had occasioned the surrender of old national prejudices . The general conduct of Spain was a point on which some controversy might arise , and therefore it was one which he wished to reserve for another day . He hoped however the House would not feel disposed to decide at once against them . There might be much to regret , some things to complain of—not as to a disposition to cross our interests , but on account of their reluctance ; to put it more early in our power to do them as much service as we might . Still , however , when it was recollected what was the situation in which that country had been placed , brought into an extraordinary and unparalleled conjuncture ; betrayed by her own government , and surprised by an enemy , at a time when she was without an army , without magazines , without officers , or any thing on which to begin a determined resistance , collected against the breaking out of the war , as in Russia . Under all these difficulties , however , her spirit had so far borne her successfully through the contest ; and taking the question , not as it stood between us and Spain , but as it stood between Spain and France , and seeing that the chances were more against the enemy now than at any period of the long contest in which she had 161 been engaged , he hoped the House would look at her difficulties as well as her defalcations . If she had not been able to equal our wishes , she had more than equalled our hopes . If she had not been able to bring large regular armies into the field , her irregular forces had risen in such strength , that at one time they actually so completely divided the French armies from each other , that each was ignorant of the way in which the other was occupied . Spain had laboured under greater difficulties than any other country , and had done more . With respect to the assistance given her by England , though he would hereafter challenge any man to show that ministers had withheld from her any assistance they had it in their power to give ; he did not wish to bring this point into discussion . We had assisted her as promptly as we could , with all we could spare from ourselves , and when it was considered that this for a time was all the means of resistance she had to work upon ; when , too , it was recollected , that all her resources from South America , which had always supported her , were cut off for a considerable period , the wonder was that she had done so much , rather than that she had done no more . All the claim that he meant to prefer this night was this , that the services of lord Wellington , and the battle of Salamanca , were not to be considered merely as important in themselves , but as productive of great military consequences in Spain , and great moral consequences throughout Europe