pressing circumstances , was scarcely to be equalled in the history of the most celebrated transactions of that kind . The retreat of Moreau , on which his highest fame rested , no military man would say could come into competition with this in Russia . When so many armies had marched over 500 miles of country before they united into one mass , invariably baffling the immense force of their enemy , fighting various battles , and never putting it in the power of that enemy to say that he had dispersed a single regiment , or captured a single gun or baggage waggon ; so excellently executed a movement was not surpassed in the history of the world ; and had evinced , on the part of the Russian commanders , the utmost skill and ability , which , with the known valour of their troops , added fresh hopes to those already entertained of the deliverance of Europe . The interests of this people were now identified with our own in the most gratifying manner , by their fleets approaching our harbours ; an action on the part of our ally which was calculated to make the French feel that even the loss of another capital would not involve the loss of their fleet , or be considered any more than the former as involving the loss of the country . In this the emperor Alexander had shewn a glorious example of what a monarch ought to be , and of the true policy of a monarch , which , had it been acted upon by others , Europe would not have been in its present state . He had not 90 placed his strength in a capital city , but trusted to the spirit of his country for the pledge to stand by him , and repel the invaders , and in this he had not been disappointed . His lordship concluded by saying , `` Thus in every quarter our prospects are most bright and happy . I have endeavoured to explain every thing that may appear doubtful , and congratulate the House and the nation , that from the state in which the country is on the opening of this new parliament , there is not a topic for condemnation , though there are so many for cheering us in our exertions , and encouraging us to hope that every thing will prosper to our wishes . '' said , if the right hon . gentleman who spoke last but one had alluded to him as the person who was understood to have prepared an Amendment , he was correct in that allusion ; but at for the period of the evening at which either the right hon . gentleman or the noble lord opposite might expect him to deliver his sentiments , in this he was sorry to disappoint them , though he begged to say that he considered his time for speaking was entirely at his own selection . It was true he was the person who had prepared an Amendment ; but before he expressed his own he wished to hear the sentiments of the right hon . gentleman as well as those of the noble lord who had just sat down . He was particularly desirous of hearing the right hon . gentleman 's opinion of affairs at this time , for the right hon . gentleman in his answer to his constituents at Liverpool , said it was his own fault if he was not now minister . However , he did not rise to-night to dwell in contention with him , as he might have done at former periods , but to deliver his sentiments on what he conceived to be the present state of the country . In his opinion , there were great omissions in the Speech of the Prince Regent , or rather of his Royal Highness 's advisers . The Speech had professed to give , as it ought to give , ample information to the House , on the existing situation of the country , on the events that had occurred since the