, Sir , that the Protestants will and must have the ascendancy in the state . The great population of the empire is Protestant—the great property of the empire is Protestant . This ascendancy the Protestants 752 have a right to possess , but they ought to possess it , not by the exclusion of their fellow subjects from a participation of civil liberty , but in virtue of their superior numbers and property . Sir , in the provision for the royal authority being exclusively Protestant , the Protestant interest has another great and wise security for the maintenance of its ascendancy . The admission of the Catholics to their civil rights will be entirely co-existent with the maintenance of the Protestant ascendancy ; and , by granting that admission , you will strengthen and fortify the whole empire . To grant the Catholics their privileges , will be to identify the people ; for it is by granting them their rights that you must expect to identify them , and not by keeping them in chains . To grant the Catholics their privileges , maintaining the just ascendancy of the Protestants , will be much more effectually to support the state , and much more effectually to support the church , than either can be supported by a monopoly of power , and without that identification of the people of the two countries , which such a measure alone can insure . Superficial , indeed , are the arguments of the opposers of emancipation . They think that the admission of five or six individuals ( such men as lord Fingal , and other enlightened members of the Catholic body ) into parliament , will be productive of injurious consequences , but , to the alienation of four or five millions of persons out of parliament they attach no importance ! A right hon . gentleman has talked of the pains and penalties which , as he thinks , were justly inflicted on the Catholics at the time of the Revolution . They were not , however , the effects of the Revolution , but took place long after the reign of queen Anne . As to the exclusion of the Catholics from political power , at the period of the Revolution , that was not an original idea at that period , but arose out of and was founded on the fabricated plot of Titus Oates , the severities occasioned by which were even mitigated at the Revolution . And will parliament make the madness of that time the rule by which the liberty of their fellow-subjects is to be regulated at all times ? 'But , ' say the Anti-Catholics , 'toleration in England is greater than in any other country . ' Sir , I know very well , that the principles of every established church are in some degree 753 hostile to toleration : there is scarcely any church which will tolerate so extensively and liberally as a wise parliament ought to do ; but when it is maintained that toleration in England exceeds that of any other country—that it is perfect—I must declare my opinion to be the reverse . Abroad , in Catholic countries , persons professing a difference of religious sentiments , enjoy , not only toleration , but qualification—at home , in a Protestant country , persons professing a difference of religious sentiments are not only disqualified , but hardly tolerated . Abroad , sectaries enjoy toleration , united with qualification—here , they have a scanty toleration , united with pains and penalties . In France , for instance , no man is disqualified on account of his religious opinions . In Hungary , toleration and qualification are completed . I will read an edict issued by the Hungarian diet , in 1791 . It declares , `` that all persons shall have free exercise of their respective religions , with full liberty to build churches , erect steeples , found schools , form churchyards , & c. without impediment . '' So much for religious toleration ! Now for civil qualification . The edict proceeds to say , that