hope or an encouragement to expect that any great saving , in the present circumstances of the world , could be effected . There might , indeed , be 10,000l . saved here , or 20,000l . saved there ; but no considerable saving could be accomplished . An objection had been taken to the employment of the life guards abroad , because more expensive in their equipment than other dragoons . Upon the general principle which had been adopted , however , he did not see the policy of keeping up any considerable military force in the country , which should not take its chance of foreign service . It was desirable-for the benefit of the country , and it served to keep up the spirit of the men . It might be true , that the life guards never had served abroad before : but the horse guards or blues had served in Germany in former wars , and they were equally a part of the household troops of the King . In addition to this general objection against the life guards , it had been said that immediately on the receipt of the news of the battle of Salamanca , cavalry which was easily equipped , ought to have been sent out to lord Wellington , to enable him to advance in pursuit of the enemy . Now , what was the state of the case ? Immediately on receiving news of that action , ministers sent out , not cavalry , but a brigade of guards , and these , though sent with the utmost expedition , did not join lord Wellington till he had commenced his retreat , nor indeed , till , in point of fact , his retreat might be said to be concluded . From this it was clear that no advantage would have arisen from sending out any other body of cavalry instead of the life guards , as such assistance could not have reached lord Wellington in time to enable him to advance , nor to assist him in his retreat . In answer to the observations thrown out on the conduct of ministers , for not sending out a German regiment of cavalry , he had to state , that 1182 three out of four regiments of German cavalry in our service were in the peninsula . The observations made on the number of officers on the houshold staff , from a comparison made of the number of men now and formerly stationed in certain districts , he contended were unfair . Though we might have a smaller number of men at home than were as home in 1809 , it did not thence follow that the staff ought necessarily to be smaller . The number of officers , required on the staff , was regulated by districts rather than by men . If , for instance , a general had 10 depôts , each containing 400 men , nearly as many officers would be required to transact the business , as if 800 men were at each depô.With respect to the 10,000l . called for , for repairs of the Horse Guards , to which so much objection had been made , he wished to state that this included not only the repairs done at the Horse Guards , but also those which came under the cognizance of the surveyor of the Horse Guards , namely , those at the Pay-office , at one of the Secretary of State 's offices , those done to the barracks at Knightsbridge , and buildings at Kew , and to certain other buildings.—The noble lord then proceeded to defend the propriety of calling out the local militia this year . On this head no diminution could at present be effected . The recruiting establishments which had been noticed were of important use , and in every respect necessary . The sum called for in aid of general Delancey 's debts , he explained to be of no importance . It was taken from the public with one hand and given to them with the other , as that which was given