, he was in favour of the Bill , as a measure of unavoidable necessity—a man could but pay what he received . A depreciation in the value of our paper existed and pressed on us , from causes possibly without remedy : but there was a further depreciation , which might ? ' be , and ought to be , prevented , arising from the general feeling of want of confidence in all paper , occasioned by the difficulty of procuring change . Nothing was clearer than that the Bank could not stand a fortnight were they to attempt : to pay in guineas . Government could not coin at the present price of silver F bullion ; but the Bank not being under 293 restriction as to the weight and fineness of their tokens , might pay the public for the gain of perpetual reissues , by the charge of perpetual recoinage ; and either under the sanction of legislative enactment , or by understood agreement , much alleviate the inconveniences suffered , by giving on demand their own tokens for their own notes . moved , that the Bill be read a third time tomorrow . expressed his surprise that the right hon . gentleman should attempt to pass the Bill through the House with so much precipitancy . Saturday was a day on which it was usually understood that no public business would be done , and as many members might feel disposed to deliver their sentiments on the third reading of the Bill , he conceived it would be better to reserve that stage for some future day . did imagine that every member had had a fair opportunity of delivering his opinion upon the Bill , and this he was the more inclined to think , from the appearance of the House . If however further debate was thought necessary , and the hon . gentleman would say that he believed some of his friends were desirous of giving further opposition to the Bill , he would not press it forward , although it was a measure which , in his estimation , required dispatch . said , it was extremely unusual for the House to sit on Saturday at so early a period of the session . He would not pledge himself for the intention of any hon . member , but as there was no pressure , he could not help thinking it extremely indecorous to endeavour to hurry the Bill through the House upon a day when , it was almost universally understood , no business of importance would be transacted . repeated , that if the hon . gentleman would say that any of his friends had any thing to offer upon the subject , he would defer the third reading until Monday . would not enter into any pledge whatever , but demanded , as a matter of right , that the Bill should not be thus precipitated through the House ; and in support of this right he begged to move , That the Bill be read a third time on . Monday . would save the hon . gentleman the trouble of moving this amendment , by moving it himself . in order to give the right hon . gentleman an opportunity of explaining what the urgent nature of the business was , which rendered it necessary for the House to sit on Saturday at so early a period of the session , moved , That the House , at its rising , do adjourn to Monday . observed , that much business had already been appointed for to '' morrow . said , it was very common for the House to sit on Saturdays , for the purpose of expediting business . Not at this period of the session . At all periods . was about to speak , when the Speaker interrupted him , by observing that there was no question before the House . in order to give the hon . gentleman an opportunity of addressing the House , moved , That the other orders of the day be now read . apprehended the