our finest frigates . This was , indeed , an event to be deplored , it was long since English seamen had experienced a rebuff ; but the influence which it produced on the minds of the American people in reconciling them to the war , he considered as a still more important and disastrous effect . Those triumphs had rivetted their affections to the war—all parties were elated with them , though all parties might not be agreed upon the prosecution of hostilities . Still , however , he did not mean to vote against the Address , though he did not concur in every thing that it expressed ; because it pledged the House only to a vigorous prosecution of the war , and all wars when once entered into ought to be vigorously prosecuted—because he considered it as the duty of every Englishman to support the government by every means in his power in a war , when once it was declared ; and because the Address recommended at the same time as speedy a termination of the contest , as the honour and the interests of the country would admit . Certainly he could not consider America as being wholly to blame in the production of the war . But in ascribing to the conduct of our own government the existing rupture between the two countries , he was justified by a review of the history and progress of the preceding negociations . What were the circumstances in which America was placed previously to war 's being declared ? The House would remember the Declaration of the Prince Regent , on the 21st April , stating , that nothing 630 but the unequivocal and absolute revocation of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , could induce the British government to rescind the Orders in Council . From the moment that Declaration reached America , she must have considered negociation as hopeless , and have made up her mind to war . The paper produced by Mr. Russell was but a pretext on the part of our government for revoking the Orders in Council : for that paper was not satisfactory upon all the grounds set forth in the Declaration of the Prince Regent : it did not contain the general and unconditional revocation required . But the real cause of our repeal of these obnoxious Orders , was well known here and in America . The real cause was the distresses of the country , exhibited , as they were proved at the bar of that House . Could America , however , suppose that we were actuated by a spirit of conciliation ? —Certainly not ; and that revocation came too late to prevent the evil it was intended to stop . He had the opinion of the chairman of the House of Representatives , that the law passed by Congress was adequately satisfied by the revocation of those Orders : and had it taken place at an earlier period , war might probably have been avoided . But the suspension , reserving a right to re-enforce , naturally gave offence , and was in itself perfectly nugatory . America was not eager for war.—After all the insults she had endured from this country , she still remained at peace , and he trusted reconciliation was still practicable . The war was the most difficult to make of any that history has recorded . It cost five years to produce ; and now it was produced , he feared it would be most difficult ; to end . With regard to the subject of impressment , he did not mean to vindicate the American government ; but yet , when he considered the multitudinous commanders we had upon the ocean , it was impossible not to suspect that this right was sometimes exercised in a manner no less injurious to England than vexatious to America . He could discover on their part no sign of intemperance except perhaps in representing now the subject of impressment as the principal cause of war . This was perhaps going too far , still it could not be denied that