. It had been said , that if they could acquit they must have had a right to condemn , as if an ex-parte examination was not sufficient in all cases to justify an acquittal , and as if it could in any case warrant a condemnation . When Margaret Nicholson was seized in a treasonable attempt on the King 's life , and when , upon its being ascertained upon an inquiry before a committee of the privy council , that he was disordered in her mind , and in consequence of which she was never brought to trial , did any person ever question the legality of the proceeding ? Surely , the objection could never have been seriously entertained , and never could have been made but to answer the most factious purposes . The proceeding of 1806 ' was entirety an ex-parte proceeding , and upon 1144 that alone no person could be convicted of any offence , whatever might be the evidence on which it had proceeded . He understood that it had been treated by the Commissioners themselves as an ex-parte proceeding , and that they had suggested that a copy of it should be delivered to the Princess of Wales , in order to afford her Royal Highness an opportunity of producing other evidence , if she should desire it . These matters with respect to the form of the proceedings he had thought it his duty to state , and he thought it as much his duty not to say any thing upon the merits of the case . observed , that the hon . member who had brought forward the present motion had stated his intention to him , and he had told him , that he thought his first Resolution could not be adopted . He therefore , did not rise in support of it , for he concurred in much that had fallen : from the noble lord opposite ; and thought that , at this period at least , no such motion could be entertained by the House , as might render it the vehicle of communicating to the public at large , those matters which it was much better should be suppressed . He must , however , remind the noble lord of his expression of his readiness to make explanations , particularly with respect to the more recent parts of these transactions . If the House dismissed this subject without any further explanations or proceedings , the Princess of Wales would , in his mind , be grossly injured . Her Royal Highness complained to the House , of vague and ambiguous blame thrown upon her , and demanded explanation at least . By the common uncontradicted rumour , it appeared , that she had addressed a letter to the King , impeaching the proceedings of the four noble lords who were the Commissioners in 1806 ; and it should be remarked , that in so doing , she was understood to be acting under the advice of Mr. Perceval . Lord Eldon , it was also stated , approved of that letter . The same was said of sir T. Plumer , now his Majesty 's Attorney-General , who , being present , could contradict the assertion , if it were untrue . He wished to know from the noble lord opposite , whether , with the privity and knowledge of those persons , and for the purpose of making her Royal Highness 's innocence manifest to the world , a work was not printed , intended to be published , and circulated not only throughout England but Europe ? When 1145 the noble lord talked of an appetite for slander and calumny , was he not aware that the newspapers had lately teemed with paragraphs and extracts , the tendency of which was to libel the Princess of Wales ? Was not the public mind in a state of agitation on the subject , which it was highly expedient to allay ? Nobody doubted that lady Douglas was a perjured person ; but though that was not doubted , she still remained a competent