I was fully sensible that , if the final decision of parliament failed to connect the national feelings of both parties , it would fail to be a final and conciliatory adjustment . Such being my feelings last year , I can not see the force of those reasons , which have induced others to change their line of conduct , upon the present occasion . Nothing , certainly , can be less conciliating than the language of the Catholic board ; but it was equally violent when the vote of last year was determined ; and I see , in the violence of that board , rather the interference of a faction than the sincere feeling of the Catholic body . With respect to the petitions from this country , they have made no change , in my opinion , upon the merits of this question . I have always supposed that , whenever the question appeared to approach towards its accomplishment , a strong feeling of opposition would exist in this country . I am not surprised at this ; for I can not conceive it possible that so important an arrangement could be effected , in the domestic policy of this country , without exciting a very strong sensation : and I can not avoid feeling that the apprehensions , entertained by so large and respectable a portion of the community as the petitioners , ought to have great weight in determining the mode and extent of the concessions which , upon present grounds , I am willing to grant . I advert particularly to the petitions from the clergy , which I think entitled to much more respect than they have received ; and I can not agree with the eulogium , which the hon . gentleman ( who spoke last ) has passed upon part of the speech of an hon . baronet ( sir Robert Heron ) on a former night . I thought , indeed , that , whilst the hon . baronet , in all the fervour of maiden oratory , alluded to petitioners with mitres on their heads and mitres in their heads , he was both witty and severe , that he only uttered a gross calumny ; for , of all classes of the community , none have so fair a claim to approach the House on such an occasion . The members of this House are , indeed , the professors of the Protestant faith ; but the clergy are bound to it by more sacred ties , as being , not merely its professors , but its teachers . Sir , I shall next notice the petitions from Ireland , which have been adverted to us as furnishing a ground for a change of opinion since last year . In that view of the subject I do concur ; for it appears 964 to me that a very large proportion of these petitions do not object to the principle of Catholic concession , but only to an unqualified concession , as matter of right . In that view I own I very much concur ; but I can not consider that coincidence of opinion to be an objection to the Committee . If , however , I see no change of circumstances since last year , I ask whether no change has taken place in the circumstances of this country , as connected with this question , since that period , when these restrictions were originally established ? I think that a material change has taken place , and that those apprehensions which , at that time , were natural and justifiable , have no rational existence at the present moment . Previous to the period of the Revolution , the great principle of the Protestantism of the throne was not a fixed and fundamental principle of the constitution . Every possible motive combined to keep alive , in the Catholics , not only the constant wish , but the constant hope , of obtaining ascendancy as well as power . They saw , in the prospect of each succeeding reign , a chance , by no