handed down to posterity , as the spot granted by the legislature in testimony of their approbation of the services of that illustrious individual by whom that title was first assumed . With this view , he was persuaded that the Committee would deem that he best discharged his duty by proposing that a sum of money should be vested in trustees for the purchase of lands to descend with the title of Wellington , and to be enjoyed by the future representatives of the noble marquis . He would , therefore , not trespass further on the time of the House , but conclude with moving , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee , that a sum , not exceeding 100,000l . be granted to his Majesty , to be vested in trustees , for the use of the marquis of Wellington and such other persons on whom the title of marquis of Wellington shall descend , and to be employed in the purchase of lands , tenements and hereditaments to accompany the said title , and that the said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever . '' did not rise for the purpose of opposing the motion . In all military cases , when a reward was asked , proper attention should be paid in proportioning it to the quantity of forces by which the achievement had been performed ; but the success of the marquis of Wellington , especially considering the means he had at his disposal , had far surpassed the most sanguine expectations . Considering the price of landed property , he did not conceive the present grant as too considerable , and when he reflected that the marquis of Wellington 's services were warm in the minds of every one he even thought that the House might have gone farther . said , that however strong the claims of lord Wellington might be , he could not think that they were much advanced by the advocacy of the noble lord or of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down . The noble lord had dwelt , with much satisfaction , on the peculiar advantages and blessings of our happy constitution , under which such opportunities were afforded of rewarding merit ; but before this praise was entirely acquiesced in , there were two considerations which presented themselves to those who were appointed the guardians of the pub- 207 lic property—namely , the merit of the claimant in the first place , and in the second , one of not inferior importance , out of what fund the proposed remuneration ought to come . On this last point he was of opinion , that while such enormous funds were in the hands and at the disposal of government , and while the amount of taxation was so great and so complicated , as to render its collection in a great degree impossible—while all this was the case , ministers ought to be ashamed to apply to the public purse . In the resources and the patronage they possessed , there were surely abundant means of remuneration ; and it should be recollected , that when there was a general outcry against the number of sinecure places , the ready and constant answer was , that these places in the hands of government enabled them to reward the services performed by the servants of the public . If this were the defence , there could be no doubt that the funds accruing from those places should be appropriated as they were said to be . But there was also another fund on which it would have been more becoming in ministers to have drawn—he meant the Droits of Admiralty , which strictly ought to be appropriated to reward the services of naval officers , except where they were applied to the purpose which had been stated the other night , of indemnity in the case of American captures , in the event of a peace with that power . But when this fund was employed in grants to the princes of the blood , who