to prove that such a measure could not have been taken six months ago ; when , instead of retrieving reverses , it might have ensured a continuance of success . If ministers have it in contemplation at present to call on the country to make any extraordinary effort , why was not that call made in July last ? Why was not the last session of the last parliament prolonged for that purpose ? I can , therefore , concur in the implied approbation of the conduct of the war in the peninsula , only on the understanding that it shall be hereafter shewn that government did not possess the means of making any additional effort , to bring the contest to a favourable termination . The higher we estimate lord Wellington 's merit , and no man is disposed to estimate it more highly than myself , the more should we regret any misplaced economy , any shrinking from exertion that had a tendency to cripple his operations , and prevent him from attaining those important objects which his great mind had in contemplation . It is difficult , as I have already said , to prove to a demonstration that more might have been done . But if I were put to the question , I must say , that I believe that greater efforts might have been made , and I believe , that if those efforts had been made , they might have proved eminently , nay , perhaps conclusively successful . To those , Sir , who habitually despond of the means and resources of the country ; who think that she has taken her stand too high among the nations of the earth , and that she ought to return to her proper level , to shrink into her shell , I may expose myself to the imputation of insanity , when I talk of extending our military exertions . But I will ask those gentlemen , whether if the efforts which we have lately been making had been predicted ten years ago , the prophecy 69 would not have been received with absolute derision . But whether it be true or no that the resources of the country are , ( as I believe the spirit of the country to be ) , adequate to an extension of our exertions in the peninsular war , must , I allow , be matter of discussion hereafter . This , at least , is certain , that the imagination of man could hardly devise a situation of affairs in Europe so favourable to a great effort as that which has recently occurred . Since the commencement of the present war , since the commencement of the revolutionary war , the power of France was never so thoroughly occupied . Never has `` he played so deep a game ; never has her hazard been so mighty ; never has her ruin been so near its accomplishment . While the strength of France was withering in the north , Oh ! that we had had the means of pushing to a successful extent our efforts in the peninsula ! With such a general , and such a cause , what might we not have justly expected ! —a general of whom it is not too much to say , that whatever might have been the scope of action opened to him , he would have made it one continued scene of glory to himself and his country . Looking at what he has already done , with means comparatively so limited , is it extravagant to presume , that with an increase , even a small increase of force , he might have occupied Madrid , not merely as the extremity , but as the centre of his operations ? Considering the present state of France , and the general discontent that must pervade that country , considering the situation of Buonaparté , struggling with unexpected and unprecedented reverses , war and famine wearing down his exhausted legions in the north , might not lord Wellington before this time , instead of retreating within the