German ditto 0.—Capture of Badajoz : British loss in killed and wounded 3070 ; German loss 0.—Battle of Albuera : Two battalions of the German Legion , lost & c. 104 ; two ditto of the 7th regiment of infantry 682 ; one ditto of the 48th ditto , ditto 273 ; one ditto of the 29th ditto , ditto 325.—Battle of Salamanca : Five battalions of the German Legion 96 ; one ditto , 3d of 1st foot 160 ; one ditto , 1st of 7th 195 ; 11th 341 ; 58th 143 ; 61st 366.—Upon this review the country might decide which description of force encountered most danger , suffered most loss , gained most glory , or was entitled to most praise . To some persons he knew it would be absurd to appeal . From those who paid more regard to their own will than to law or reason ; from those who could originate an Order apparently designed , and since it was issued he would undertake to say notoriously conceived , to involve a direct violation of law , he could not expect due attention . But he looked to the members of that House , who must feel , that whatever difference of opinion might prevail upon general questions , the explanation of this extraordinary Order was calculated to do good—and he hoped that that explanation would be rendered effective for the satisfaction of the army and the public . With this view , he suggested that the explanation of that night ought to be put into an official shape , and promulgated , in order to do away the general misunderstanding , and he would add , the general discontent to which the Order under discussion had given birth . Perhaps the manner in which the debates of that House found their way to the public , might be deemed sufficient to give all desirable publicity to the explanation ; but he thought it would be more satisfactory , especially to the army , to adopt the course he had suggested . The noble lord concluded with asking the Secretary at War , to say upon what authority he learned that the German officers understood the Order 270 as he had this night explained it to the House ? answered upon the authority of general Dekin , who was the senior Geman officer in this country . He also in explanation contended that he had not expressed any contempt of the Act of Settlement . The command was temporary , and was founded on the Article of War , applicable to the German Legion , by which these officers took precedence . He also saw nothing unconstitutional in the assumption of the command of a district by baron Linsingen , as it must have devolved upon him in the absence of lord Chatham , and was perfectly agreeable to the Article of War to which he had alluded . The noble lord appeared to have totally mistaken the nature of the reference to the Gazettes ; for the proper , and in fact , the only way to make the reference was , to establish a fair estimate by the comparison of numbers , as equal as possible , between certain proportions or corps of the British army and the German Legion . maintained , that he had founded his estimate upon that very comparison which he was charged with not having made . wished to slate , in reference to what had been said of the comparative merits of British and German officers , that live of the generals who had received thanks for their conduct at the battle of Salamanca , belonged to the German Legion . assured the House , that after the arguments which had been advanced , and the explanation which had been given , he should not trouble them at any length . He paid a compliment to the generous and liberal sentiments expressed by a gallant general ( Stewart ) , on the eminent services and distinguished bravery of the German troops employed in Spain . The mutual enthusiasm and unlimited confidence excited in the