difference in regard to the principle , the dispute was about certain abuses which were alleged to exist in the practice . The principle might be admitted , that we had a right to the allegiance of our own subjects ; but it would be justly added , that we ought not to extend that in practice so far as to press American seamen into our service : and there could be no doubt but we ought to endeavour , as much as possible , to prevent any such abuses . In a question , then , involving so much national prejudice , it was essential that the parties should meet with a disposition mutually to conciliate . He could not yet abandon the hope that means might still be found for the restoration of peace , and for placing that peace upon a permanent footing ; and he was glad to find some manifestation of such a disposition to enter into discussion for that purpose , both in the proposition of Mr. Monroe to sir John Borlase Warren , and in the Declaration of the Prince Regent ; though he admitted that the proposition of Mr. Monroe was not such as could with propriety have been accepted . But he was pleased to find , that no unwillingness had been expressed on our part to consider and discuss any proposition for the object which America had in view , and which it was certainly incumbent on the American government to propose , and state distinctly , before they called upon us to abandon our present mode of exercising an undoubted right.—He had heard much of the hostile disposition of the American government towards this country ; and he was sorry to see , in these papers , some ground for the charge . He regretted also , that such an advantage had been given to the government of dragging the popular opinion along with it , in that hostile disposition . If the Orders in Council had been sooner recalled , he was convinced that this war would never have taken place ; for it appeared from these papers , that it would have been impossible for the government of America to have got the people to second its views . When we talked of the hostile disposition of the American government , we ought to 582 consider what was then nature of that government . If there was any country in the world where public opinion had an immediate operation on the government , it was America . If , then , twenty years ago , the disposition of America was known to be highly favourable to this country , we ought to review our own conduct and policy , in order to ascertain whether there was any thing in that conduct , to give just occasion for the hostile disposition which was now said to exist . In all our transactions with foreign countries , and especially with America , we ought to study the temper , disposition , and even prejudices not only of the governments , but of the people ; not , however , with a view to surrender our own rights , but to conciliate , as far as was consistent with the interests and honour of our own country , the good opinion both of the rulers and the subjects of other countries.—But while he recommended a mild , temperate , and conciliating conduct , in time of peace , he was far from recommending a slow and dilatory mode of carrying on war . When war had once commenced , there was no resource , but a vigorous and determined prosecution of it , in order to bring it to a speedy and favourable conclusion . The want of this proper vigour in the prosecution of the war was palpable , and deeply to be lamented ; for if there was any thing more calculated to generate contempt and confidence in an enemy , it was the union of lofty pretension with insufficient means and dilatory execution . Some time ago it was imagined on all hands that in the event