of force . He now came to a great item of expence , in his view of which probably there were few or none who might agree with him . Looking to our armies in the peninsula , he hoped he might , flatter himself with the expectation , that they were about to resume offensive operations , with better effect than they had lately done , and , if this should be found to be the case , he thought it extremely probable that we might be able to avoid calling out the local militia for the present year . Let no gentleman suppose that he undervalued this class of our national force as contributing to perfect security and national defence ( and he thought that much praise was due to the 1171 noble lord who had brought forward the measure ) but still he thought there could exist no necessity for calling it out at present . Why call it out this year for 14 days , when there was no appearance of there being any occasion for it for years to come ? Would it not be better not at all to call out the local militia this year , and to call it out for 21 days during the next year , when in all probability our foreign expenditure would be reduced in amount ? It was not a force calculated to keep up the regular army . Calling it out into actual service could be of little avail where there was no dread of invasion ; and when to this was added , the inconvenience of taking away from the agricultural districts one third of the farmers ' servants for 14 days , when they could not be required , he hoped ministers would be induced to relinquish that idea for this year , and rather to call them out for 21 days in the following year , when their services might be more effective . In these different ways , the expence would be greatly reduced without the effective force being at all broken in upon . For besides the ex-pence attendant on this establishment , the pressure upon the agricultural part of the community was to be deprecated . In one district he knew that the number to be called out for exercise amounted to one-third of the agricultural population—a circumstance which must be attended with great inconvenience and loss . By attending to the suggestion he had ventured to throw out , they might afford greater means for offensive operations , to which alone he hoped they were now to look for a successful and speedy issue of the contest in which we were engaged . said , that he wished to trouble the Committee with only a few observations on some topics that had been urged by his hon . friend who had just sat down , and an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Law ) , who had spoken early in the debate , whom he had many reasons for having heard , then for the first time , with real pleasure , though he must own his pleasure would have been much greater , had not his opinions been so much at variance with his own . That hon . gentleman had contended against the practice of making the militia the medium for recruiting for the line on two grounds ; first , that it gave offence to the commanding officers of the militia , and , secondly , on account of the expence incurred by the double bounties . He 1172 begged leave to assure him , that very few of the militia colonels remained adverse to the measure , especially since it had been made , by a legislative act , not a part of the military system of the country ; and he applauded the public spirit of those who subdued their prejudices , or conquered their objections , in deference to the consideration of the permanent importance of increasing , by all possible means , the disposable force of the country . As to the comparative expence of recruiting direct into the line , or