had a conversation with the American ministers , in which that subject was not mentioned as a paramount consideration , but in the usual way as a minor grievance , while the Orders in Council were held forth as the only great and ostensible obstacles to peace . Little did he think , that after their repeal , America , with so many inducements to be at peace , would continue at war . But he doubted the strength of the government to carry a beneficial and pacific measure against the party with many heads , who had determined on war . This party was indeed a singular one , so constituted , and so various in argument and action , that it was never possible to anticipate what would be their course in either . It was impossible to form an opinion of their future actions by any data of their part . At the beginning of the winter in December , when the Federal went over to the deluding party in a great body , war seemed inevitable ; but then the matter ended in the production of six resolutions , of which only one was of a warlike nature , and that simply defensive for arming the merchantmen . When all this menacing attitude was relinquished , it was clear they were only engaged in a puerile attempt to frighten Great Britain . And who could have believed that after all this they would have gone to war , when they thereby exposed a commerce of 108 millions of dollars in exportation ; when 600 sail of vessels which had sailed , after the embargo was taken off , for Spain , Portugal , the East Indies , & c. were 627 risked ; when their whole naval force consisted of Tour frigates ( the Constitution was not then finished ; ) when 1,000 recruits were all that were reported to be efficient for the regular army ; when one thousand five hundred miles of coast was exposed to the greatest naval power in the world ; when they were unable to raise a loan of about two millions and a quarter sterling , and their whole finances were in a slate of unproductiveness ; could he suppose , that under such circumstances they would go to war ? The language of congress might be one thing , but the interests of the country were another . The government were hurried into hostilities by a party they could not guide or controul , though evidently most injurious and dangerous to the interests of the country . The war was carried in congress by that rancorous faction against the English , who persuaded others to join them on this occasion , for fear a difference might break up the democratic party ; and in the senate , the war measure was carried by the opponents of government , who were desirous of making them unpopular . The repeal of the Orders in Council might therefore have had no effect ; and in truth the reports circulated relative to stirring up the Indians , was as great a cause of the war as any of its promoters had devised . expressed himself obliged to the hon . gentleman who had just sat down for the statement he had made , as it was in his power to give an account of matters which no one else could have done . At the same time he observed that there were several parts of the hon . member 's speech , which it was difficult to reconcile with each other , or with statements formerlymade in that House . It was a matter of much consolation to him to have heard from the hon . gentleman , that neither Mr. Monroe nor Mr. Madison , seemed to him to be actuated solely by a spirit of hostility towards this country . From this there was some reason to hope , that a conciliatory disposition on the part of the ministers of this country , might yet lead to an adjustment of the existing differences between the countries without any further loss