it might be , should express their approbation of the Amendments . It was precisely the same that it was . The only alteration was in the omission of the words , `` under certain restrictions and regulations , '' but the Vice-Chancellor was still to proceed to decide only such causes as the Chancellor should from 688 time to time direct . It had been said that the judges could not possibly be spared from their courts to asssist the Chancellor . He would , as a fact , state , that in last Trinity Term , three judges had sat with the Chancellor for four days , on the will of Mr. Wilkinson . This formed at least an exception to the absolute impossibility stated . The objections to the present Bill were radical and essential . It made an alteration in the legal constitution of the country : and it would hereafter be recorded , that in my lord Eldon 's time a Bill had passed which made it impossible for any one to rise to the highest honours of the profession in the fair and open path of his duty . It was not just to say that no other remedy had been suggested . Several expedients had been proposed , among others to enable the Lords to hear Appeals in the absence of the Chancellor ; of which no notice had been taken . Yet why should not the other House be competent to do this , assisted by one of the noble and learned lords who had held the seals either of England or Ireland ? The same course had been more than once adopted in the time of lord Mansfield ; and lord Bathurst had sat for lord Thurlow . As to the observation which had been made on the increase of business from the Irish appeals , it was to be remembered , that before 1782 , appeals from that country were tried here as at present , and that it was only from 1782 to 1800 that there was a suspension of the ordinary and established course of justice . could not conceive how such a power as that alluded to by the hon . and learned gentleman could be understood to exist in the Chancellor . The fair construction of this Bill certainly was , that the Chancellor could not transfer causes set down for the Rolls Court . As to the expedient suggested of detaching the bankrupt business , that branch he conceived to be now so closely and constitutionally connected with the original jurisdiction of the Court , that it could not be separated without great hazard and inconvenience . If a new judge were created for the dispatch of bankruptcy business , it would be creating a jurisdiction without appeal , which appeared to him a greater innovation than the object of the present Bill . It was not quite reasonable to expect such uniform and unfailing rectitude in any judge as totally to supersede the necessity of appeal . The most active and vigilant might sometimes slumber in a long 689 and wearisome course of application : ——Aliquando bonus dormitat Homerus : Verum opere in longo fas est obrepere somnum . Certain plans had been proposed which might expedite the dispatch of business in Chancery : but the House should beware lest in giving increased velocity to the wheels of one court , the whole machinery of another might not be reduced to a state of rest . in answer to the alleged anomaly in English law of creating a judge without appeal , observed , that in matters of bankruptcy there was at present no appeal . The hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last , seemed terrified at the consequences which would result from the appointment of a judge for the separate causes of bankruptcy . In the hon . and learned gentleman 's opinion this would produce a narrowness of view in the person who should be appointed to this separate bench , which would render him unfit for the office . It was the first time he had ever heard that