with regard to all religions , is utterly opposite to the Catholic ; which being the only one of divine institution , can not form any alliance with any other , any more than Christ can league with Belial.—It is false , that the Concordat has recognized and established the independence of the church of France ; or that it has given a sanction to the toleration of other modes of worship . '' Another passage or two may be not unworthy of attention . The Pope is spoken of as the lawful sovereign ( as he certainly is ) of a bishop , within his temporal dominion ; but it is added , that `` he is also vicar of that God , from whom sovereign power is derived , and who is the King `` of all kings . `` — '' The holy see has never granted to bishops , at least in Europe , the power of granting dispensations for marriages between Catholics and Heretics . '' There are other parts of this curious publication , and particularly some with regard to oaths , which are not unworthy of notice ; but I pass over them , desiring to call the serious attention of the House to those , which I have selected , and to warn all those who hear me , against the specious veil which is endeavoured , in debates , and writings , to be thrown over the deformities of that church : her antipathy to all other churches , is not mitigated by time , nor subdued by reason : there appears not the smallest relaxation , with regard to the intermarriage of Roman Catholics with Protestants , one of the most natural and obvious modes of softening and allaying the asperities of hostile sects , and of bringing them to consider each other with good will and Christian charity , instead of maintaining principles of eternal separation and hostility . What must we deem to be the spirit of the Papal power , when , imprisoned within the walls of the Quirinal palace , stript of all temporal dominion , and surrounded by a French guard , it could utter its remonstrances in such terms , against the subverter of thrones and empires ? Can it be credited that opinions , so solemnly pronounced , will not have weight with the Roman Catholic prelates and clergy of 786 Ireland ? Or is Ireland the country in the whole world , where the sentiments of bishops , ecclesiastics , and confessors have no influence upon their flocks ? The right hon . gentleman asks why should the Roman Catholic church hate the Protestant ? We answer that it must necessarily hate it : Pius 7 identifies the church of Rome with Christ himself , and pronounces that Christ can hold no fellowship with Belial . These observations , though by no means irrelevant to the matter in debate , are drawn from me , by the preliminary topics , on which the right hon . mover has expatiated ; and are not the points upon which I intend to rest the propriety or justification of the vote which I am about to give . Three distinct objects were specified , in the Resolution adopted by the House , on the 22d of June , to which I am not less friendly now , than I was then , nor do I indeed conceive that any reasonable man , of whatever persuasion in religion , or of whatever inclination in respect of party , can be adverse to them . The question was then , and is now , whether these ends are likely to be attained , by the means which are recommended : they were annexed , as conditions , to our considering the laws , affecting the Roman Catholics , and , when the conditions fail , the proceeding , which was to be founded upon them , must fall to the ground , of course . The observations with which I accompanied my vote , showed me not to have been sanguine in hoping that the effect of