obstacles . He did not think so in 1799 or in 1800 , and from his communication through the late marquis Cornwallis to the Catholics , it did not appear that he deemed the measure impracticable in the following year . That distinguished man on this very occasion , sent the letter he alluded to , to the Catholics of Ireland , in which he told them , that `` by acting with moderation , and pursuing a loyal and dutiful line of conduct , they would afford additional grounds of argument to the growing number of their advocates in this country , till their object was ultimately attained . '' Such was the language of the letter which Mr. Pitt caused to be transmitted to lord Fingal , Dr . Troy , and others . What , again , did the marquis Cornwallis say on that very occasion ? He gave his formal opinion , annexed to the same communication , that the measure of emancipation was necessary for securing the connection between Great Britain and Ireland . Again , when the question was brought forward by Mr. Fox , in 1805 , there was nothing in the language of Mr. Pitt to shew that he considered the measure impracticable . He said , there was a bar to its agitation , the nature of which was sufficiently understood , —but never that it was impracticable . He differed as to the right , but not as to any thing that concerned the question as a measure of regulation . He even alluded to the plan which he had entertained , as 1201 consisting of a variety of regulations . Nine months after this period , Mr. Pitt died ; so that we were now called upon to believe that what he contemplated as practicable for six years , within these nine short months he found out to be impracticable . But what were the difficulties under which the great mind of Mr. Pitt was supposed to sink ? Why , they were the difficulties of promoting meritorious Catholic officers on the staff of the army ; of admitting such men as lord Fingal into the House of Peers , and as sir P. Bellew into the House of Commons ! These were the mighty difficulties under which his mind was supposed to have sunk , who had the ability to destroy 70 Irish boroughs ! There was a difficulty started in the Irish parliament , at the time when it was proposed to grant the Catholics the right of voting at elections , —it was then said that an inundation of Popery would sweep away every thing before it . But what were the effects of this restoration of Catholic rights ? Ireland had evidently gained by it ; the elections were more free and independent ; they were now founded not on monopoly , but on property and respectability . In addition to Mr. Pitt , he begged leave to name Mr. Burke , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Windham , distinguished statesmen and philosophers , as strenuous supporters of the Catholic claims . He might also enumerate men of learning like the bishop of Llandaff and the bishop of Norwich , a name that would be ever respected , and which was dear to every friend of religious liberty and social freedom . It was also remarkable that the lord-lieutenants of Ireland , for the last 70 years , were uniformly in favour of them . Lord Fitzwilliam was decidedly so : lord Camden , who went over to Ireland with opposite sentiments , and who lived in that country at a most trying time , when he could not avoid knowing the opinions of the Catholics , was ultimately for concession : he too , was the friend of Mr. Pitt , and might be supposed not unacquainted with the sentiments of that illustrious person : lord Cornwallis publicly declared it essentially necessary for preserving the connection between Britain and Ireland . This was the practical conclusion formed by a statesman and a soldier , at a most critical period of Irish history , and