Henry Clinton , Henry Frederick Campbell , baron Bock , Victor baron Alten , baron Low , Charles baron Alten , John Hope , George Anson , William Anson , John Ormsby Vandeleur , J. H. C. de Bernewitz , the hon . Edward Pakenham , and W. Henry Pringle ; and to the several other officers ; for their distinguished exertions in the battle of Salamanca , upon the 22d of July last , which terminated in a glorious and decisive victory over the enemy 's army . `` That this House doth acknowledge and highly approve of the distinguished valour and discipline displayed by the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers of the forces serving under the command of general the marquis of Wellington , in the glorious victory obtained , upon the 22d of July last , near Salamanca ; and that the same be signified to them by the commanding officers of the several corps , who are desired to thank them for their gallant and exemplary behaviour . `` That this House doth highly acknowledge the zeal , courage , and discipline , 171 displayed by the officers , non-commissioned officers , and private soldiers , of the Portuguese forces serving under the command of general the marquis of Wellington , in the glorious victory obtained upon the 22d of July last , near Salamanca . `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that a Monument be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of major general John Gaspard le Marchant , who fell gloriously on the 22d of July last in the battle fought near Salamanca , when a decisive victory over the enemy was obtained by the allied army commanded by general the marquis of Wellington ; and to assure his Royal Highness that this House will make good the expence attending the same . '' said he could not suffer the question of Supply to be adverted to without making some comments upon the present depreciated state of the paper currency of the country . The ill effects of the opinion recorded by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer during the last session of parliament , that paper was of equal value with gold , had now been fully experienced . He had heard that government themselves had become deniers in gold , and had actually been obliged to buy guineas at the rate of 27s . and 28s . apiece . He would wish to know whether this was a fact or not ; as when he saw that persons of low condition were daily punished for this species of offence , he was at least anxious to learn that the framers of the law which led to these severities , were not themselves the first to break it . If this was the case , they were at an expence of from 35 to 40 per cent . for every 100l . which they sent to the continent , which , with other ruinous circumstances arising from a debased paper currency , called loudly for redress . Before the question of Supply was put , he begged leave to move , as a substitute for that motion , `` That this House will take into its early consideration the state of the Paper Currency of this kingdom . '' said he should have hoped , after the House had no longer ago than yesterday promised to 172 the Prince Regent liberally to contribute to the supplies necessary for the support of the country , that no person would be capable of refusing all support , and of proposing to leave the Prince and the country defenceless , and without the means of carrying on the war , or resisting the enemy . He knew it was usual when questions of Supply were agitated , to take a large range over the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , but he never before knew an instance in which an amendment ) was made to the