general question for a supply to the crown . To himself it was a matter of indifference when the conduct of his Majesty 's government was canvassed , but he certainly thought the hon . gentleman might have found another opportunity for his motion . At present he did not think it a fit opportunity of entering at large into the topic to which the hon . gentleman had adverted , and should therefore content himself with saying , in answer to what had passed , that he felt more fully confirmed , by every day 's experience , of the soundness of the principles which he had advanced in the last parliament upon the subject of paper currency . Had the opinions of the hon . gentleman and some of his friends prevailed , with reference to the same subject , he had not the slightest doubt , that a fatal blow would have been given to the credit and commerce of the country , and to the rising hopes of the liberties and independence of Europe . Such being his opinion , he thought he could not do better than immediately take the judgment of the House upon the motion which had been made . wished to correct the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer on one point . His hon . friend by his amendment did not refuse supplies ; he only wished the House to pledge itself to an early consideration of the depreciated state of the paper currency . His principal object in rising , however , was to remind the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that he had forgotten to answer two questions put by his hon . friend ; first , what was his opinion as to the value of the Bank-note , compared with the gold coin of the realm ? and , secondly , whether any agents were employed by government to purchase the said coin ? If so , he thought it was an act of flagrant injustice to commence state prosecutions against individuals , for crimes such as the state itself committed . He protested 173 against the imputation of denying supplies altogether . He saw no reason , if the amendment of his hon . friend were carried , why the House should not afterwards go into a Committee of Supply . said , he was at all times ready to answer questions of fact ; but he would not answer questions of opinion , more especially of his own opinion of the opinion of others . He begged in answer to the second question , to state distinctly , that no agent had ever been employed by government to purchase the coin of the realm ; and further , that so late as yesterday , a large sum had been offered to him , which he had refused to purchase.— ( A laugh . ) did not mean to support the amendment of his hon . friend . He concurred in opinion with him , that the subject required a very serious discussion , and that it was the peculiar province of the House to guard the public purse . He was surprised , however , at the observation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the House had pledged itself yesterday to the Prince Regent , to grant the necessary supplies : the noble lord thought that it was perfectly understood that the Address did not pledge the House to any thing . asked whether it was the intention of ministers to adopt any economical plan of reform , and retrenchment of expenditure , in consequence of the Reports of the different Committees , which were then on their table ; if not , he should take an early opportunity of calling the attention of the House to those Reports . said , that he had endeavoured to look into the subject with all the attention in his power , but he was not prepared to present any digested plan upon the subject . wished the Chancellor of the Exchequer to inform him of the amount of the gold