religious worship in England should stand upon law here , as it does in Ireland , and not merely upon military regulation . The English Roman Catholic should not be compelled to marry a Protestant churches . And the Roman Catholic mass houses every where should be protected by law from outrage and disturbance as completely as all other places of religious worship . All these are instances illustrative of that description of privileges and protections which in my judgment might safely and usefully be granted at once , and without stipulation or condition . On the other hand , measures also must be adopted for regulating the Roman Catholic church , independently of every question of concession , and whether any further privileges are granted or not . The hierarchy of the English and Irish Roman Catholics must be brought within the inspection and control of the state . Parliament has been compelled to look into this subject , and the conclusion is irresistible . Foreign intercourse , and even foreign influence , are alledged to be of the essence of the Roman Catholic religion ; and the master-link of foreign connection is in the hands of our mortal enemy . The noble viscount has told us the opinion formed by the most vigilant ministers of France , and the recent acts of Buonaparté demonstrate his opinion of the important influence of papal authority over all Roman Catholics . In Ireland , all who have read the instructive publications of the hon . baronet , know that in modern times even aliens have been obtruded and appointed to Roman Catholic bishoprics there , and when general Humbert invaded Ireland , and landed at Killalla , he found that the Roman Catholic bishop of Killalla , appointed by the Pope , was brother to a rebel general in his own army . These things must no longer be endured . And that the vicars apostolic of England must also be brought within the cognizance of the state , is most evident from the formidable nature of their powers which they exercised in the transactions of the year 1790 over the English Human Catholics . 1209 Upon this point , if the Roman Catholic prelates in England and Ireland have any desire to conciliate their Protestant fellow subjects , the road is now open to them ; this is their day ; let them come forward and define the limits of their obedience , and tender the largest submission which any other Roman Catholic subjects have ever yielded to any Protestant government . If they decline so to do , their disposition will be no longer doubtful . But at all events , whether they do or not , it behoves government to look to its own security in this quarter , and new model the provisions of the statute of Elizabeth , and apply it to all parts of the united kingdom , before even any proposal can be entertained for putting the English and Irish Roman Catholics upon a footing of equal privileges . As to further claims of civil power , I confess I see no prospect of making any such concession until the Roman Catholic clergy shall go much farther , and bring themselves to the temper of other Roman Catholic countries and times , where the spiritual supremacy of the Pope has been altogether renounced ; for history shews it to have been no part of the ancient Roman Catholic religion ; and it is vain and idle to be fastidious in declining to understand these matters with which we have practically to deal . Whilst the spiritual supremacy of the Pope is reserved by the Roman Catholic clergy out of their allegiance to the state , in the language of lord Clarendon , who had deeply examined , and has amply developed this subject , `` this reserve is elusory of the whole . '' Other able writers have truly described it to be `` a mere legerdemain . '' And until this is renounced , I would answer the Roman Catholic claims for power in the recent language of the northern counties of Ireland