satisfactory conclusion , whilst the latter will hardly be so infatuated as to assist the plans of their opponents , by agreeing to go into this proposed committee , in the vain and weak hope of satisfying the Catholics , by a mere momentary shew of acquiescence . .—Sir , the subject , now under discussion , has been so fully debated , for several years , that I shall confine my observations solely to what appears , to me , to be the result . The House is now required to go into a committee , with a view to a conciliatory adjustment of the Catholic claims ; but before I can consent to go into a committee , some practi- 981 cal plan must be shewn . Notwithstanding this subject has been so long under consideration , it does not appear , at this moment , that any such plan is in existence . Three propositions , however , seem to be established : namely , that all parties in the House agree that securities ought to be given to our establishments ; that the Catholics have distinctly declared , that they will not agree to grant such securities ; and that no one individual , in the House , has reasonable ground for concluding , that any satisfactory arrangement can be made , in the committee . It has been stated in the course of this debate , by an hon . member , whose authority upon this subject is great , that use has been made of the Catholic question in Ireland , by the disaffected , and : those who wish to render it instrumental towards the disunion of the two countries . I must observe , that I should have considered a disclaimer of such proceedings , by the sound part of the Catholics , as indicatory of a conciliatory disposition ; I could have wished that such disclaimer had taken place . For my own part , I can not foresee any circumstance , which can ever induce me to agree to refer the consideration of this great question to a committee , before some specific plan shall be offered , upon which the committee shall act . I feel the greatest respect for the Catholic body , and shall be as forward as any man in the House , to assist in relieving them from any real grievances of which they may have to complain ; so far as I may be enabled to do so without risking essential principles of the constitution ; and , in my opinion , the must satisfactory mode of effecting these points , is to discuss them in the shape of bills . Much has been said upon the subject of the numerous petitions , which have been presented to the House , against the claims of the Catholics , and I own myself astonished at the doctrines now laid down by those very gentlemen , who , only a few months ago , were foremost in declaring , that , when the public mind is agitated , great allowance is to be made for the manner in which petitioners may express themselves ; but it now appears that this liberality is meant to attach upon those only who agree with them in sentiment . Not only the petitioners have , upon this occasion , incurred the disapprobation of those honourable gentlemen , but the whole body of the clergy , because they have been found active in conscientiously 982 endeavouring to support and maintain the ecclesiastical establishments of this country . Impressed as I am with the conviction that no satisfactory result will arise from going into a committee , in the present disposition of the Catholics , as evinced by the resolutions and proceedings , lately adopted and published , by that body ; and as no specific plan has been offered , for the adoption of the committee , which seems calculated to satisfy either the Catholics or the Protestants , I feel myself compelled to give my decided opposition to the motion of the right hon . gentleman . At two o'clock