he appeared to him to have begun at the wrong end of the scale ; for it did not follow that the time in which 400 causes were disposed of in the Rolls Court , could suffice for the same number in the Court of Chancery , and still less in the appellant jurisdiction of the Lords . The question was not , how many causes the Master of the Rolls could decide , but how many Appeals the House of Lords could hear , and how much of the Chancellor 's time would be thereby occupied ? The hon . and learned gentleman had removed the Master of the Rolls from the Cockpit without suggesting how the important business transacted in that Court was to be carried on in the absence of the learned judge who now attended ; he was also much mistaken , as he apprehended , in the distribution of the time of the learned judge , who , so far from having time to spare , suffered so much in health 533 from his un remitted exertions and continued labours as to be obliged ( to the great loss of the House ) to relinquish his seat . Thus , what would be gained in Chancery by the Master of the Rolls sitting in that court from ten till four during so great a part of the year , would be lost in the judicial business which that learned officer now discharged at the Cockpit . Here he certainly might be and was as beneficially employed as he could be in any other court . The hon . and learned gentleman had assumed , that a judge in equity was not employed usefully except in court , but he was as necessarily employed in examining cases and preparing judgments when out of court ; it therefore appeared that there was nothing conclusive in that argument . If the expedient proposed by the hon . and learned gentleman were really as practicable as he represented it , it was extraordinary that it should never have suggested itself for such a long course of years ; and this , he thought , afforded the most pregnant proof that it was impossible to resort to any other measure than that of an additional judge . Another evidence of this might also be adduced from the conviction in the mind of the noble lord who filled the station of Lord High Chancellor , that the evil of delay could not be adequately counteracted by the sitting of the Master of the Rolls , or of any other existing judge , insomuch so that that high personage had consented to this measure which went to establish an officer , half of whose pay would be derived from his own emolument . He did not comprehend , how the evil which was apprehended from the appointment of a Vice-Chancellor by withdrawing the Lord Chancellor from his judicial to political pursuits , would not take place in an equal degree , if the Master devoted so great a portion of his time as had been proposed , to the business of Chancery . Under these circumstances , he deprecated any course of proceeding which would obstruct the form that would best enable the House to form a final judgment upon the merits of the Bill which was now under their consideration . He was , therefore , hostile to any proposal which might hinder the Bill from being put into a state in which a correct opinion might be formed on it . By going into a committee , the clauses necessary to a correct judgment on it would be inserted , and on receiving the report , or on the third reading , it might be negatived or not , as it seemed good to the House , when the hon . and 534 learned gentleman 's proposal might be brought forward in a more detailed form . explained . The noble lord had not fairly represented him , to say that he had allowed only the same period for the average length of causes before the Master of the Rolls