regulations , which secure the crown and the subject against any encroachments of a foreign jurisdiction even in spirituals . Similar regulations obtain at the present hour in Portugal—the same in Spain . The Gallican church we know was protected by a corresponding institution , and as far back as the year 1442 , the Supreme Council of Provence enacted `` that no rescript from the See of Rome should be permitted to be executed within the state , till it had received the fiat of the proper officer of the government . `` —In a word the universality of the Regium Exequatur or Placitum , or supreme controul of the sovereign upon the admission of all papal rescripts , is in every state of the continent established beyond controversy : the Roman Catholic and the reformed churches seem to vie with each other in the adoption of securities of this description ; demonstrating the necessity , by the universality of their concurrence . I have often had occasion to notice the only provision we have upon our statute books which points directly against the intromission of such rescripts from the papal see , namely , the statute 13 Elizabeth , ch . 2 . In the spirit of the sanguinary times when it was enacted , it denounces the penalties of high treason against the introduction of every papal bull , brief or rescript from the see of Rome , however innocent its object . This Act was left unrepealed on our statute-books when the statutes of toleration in favor of Roman Catholics passed the legislation in the years 1791 and 1793 . As the Act , from its sanguinary hue , has never been enforced , an unchecked communication with the see of Rome results from it , open 1221 to great abuse , and in some circumstances , as at the present hour , might be attended with mischievous consequences . I am far from imputing to the Catholics of the United Kingdom any recent abuse of their communications with the see of Rome , but I can see no reason why our municipal regulations should be guided by a less cautious policy in this respect , than the regulations of those states wherein the sovereign himself is in communion with the see of Rome . Without any great stretch of imagination we can conceive it possible that abuses may exist , as they have existed , and those who are not disposed to take a wider range of inquiry may satisfy themselves by the perusal of my lord chief justice Coke 's 5th Report , in Caudry 's Case , where the whole law of the ancient jurisdiction of the crown is laid down with great perspicuity . It is not possible to speak upon this subject without retracing the beaten ground of the `` Veto '' and again I must say that for many weeks after that measure had been introduced in this House by my right hon . friend the member for Dublin , the principal prelates of the Roman Catholic church still adhered to the propriety of its adoption , and even after a host of popular writers had raised a cry throughout the country in opposition to it , and in a manner intimidated the prelates into a vote declaring it `` inexpedient ; '' that inexpediency was avowed by the primate and Dr . Troy , to result only from `` existing circumstances . `` —In the various synodical acts of the Irish Roman Catholic prelacy , as I have often observed , they have never controverted the principle , though they have pointedly condemned another measure , that of domestic nomination in chapters , a practice countenanced nearly through all the German states , and which is certainly more congenial to the ancient discipline of the church . Where the nomination is exercised by the sovereign , reserving the institution , and in particular instances the collation , to the Pope , we may take it for granted that it is an arrangement made at the expence of the second order of clergy , but herein I have never presumed