be proper on this subject to leave much to the discretion of our ambassador at the court of Petersburgh , and at all events to consult him upon the subject ; in which no time need be lost , as the ambassador might be instructed to make such advances as were necessary , upon account . With regard to the amount of the sum , he was aware that it could not be commensurate with the extended misery , to the alleviation of which it was to be directed . On the other hand , it would not become the liberality of this country to offer to our allies , suffering in our cause and the general cause of Europe , not less than in their own , a scanty and penurious grant.—Allies he repeated , suffering in our cause , as well as in their own , for the contest in which Russia was engaged , was not merely one of the greatest importance to the political interests of Great Britain , but immediately connected with the direct interests of those manufacturing bodies whose sufferings had been invidiously stated as an objection to the grant . That the manufacturers had suffered from many causes , and especially from the loss of the American trade , he was far from denying ; but the glorious successes of the Russian arms appeared to offer an ample compensation for the loss of the American market , in the extended markets of Europe , which now seemed about to open to their industry . In this point of view he was persuaded that those manufacturers who had been alluded to , would be among the first to ap- 327 prove this grant , as a , tribute of gratitude I for those heroic exertions to which they were so greatly indebted . Every day , and even every hour brought intelligence of the reviving activity which these successes had infused into British commerce , The sum he was about to propose was 200,000l . a larger amount than had ever before been voted by parliament for a similar purpose , but which the occasion required to be larger , because the sufferings Were more extensive , and the self devotion and heroism which had marked the conduct of those who endured it , unequalled , he believed , in the annals of the world . With regard to the extent of suffering , it was sufficient to view upon the map the wide range of country to which devastation had been spread , and to reflect that a great and ancient capital with many other towns had been destroyed , and that throughout so extensive a tract scarcely a private dwelling remained to shelter its lately peaceful and secure inhabitants . Thousands , he feared he might even say hundreds of thousands , were driven houseless into the forests , exposed to all the rigours of a Russian winter , and this they willingly endured , rather than betray the honour of their country and submit to the domination of a foreign invader . It was to relieve this great and complicated misery that he called upon the House of Commons to step forward . To relieve it entirely was , indeed , beyond human power ; but much might be done by the liberality of their sympathizing countrymen united with the bounty of this nation , and it was , in all events , a consolation to the afflicted to know , that there were hearts which felt for their woe , and were ready to administer to their wants . We must not forget the difference between the price of necessary articles , and the manners of the people in Russia and here , and that a sum which might here appear inconsiderable , would there afford a seasonable and valuable supply . The sum , however , which he was about to propose , could not , in any sense , be called inconsiderable , and he trusted it would be found most extensively useful . But whatever opinion might be entertained on this point , there could be no