that by moving into the House of Lords they could put off the decision for a term of years . An adversary , by the mere fact of interposing himself between a decree and the beneficial effect of it upon the successful suitor , might deprive him of that advantage and of the justice awarded to him for eleven years . Without therefore enlarging further upon this subject , he would take it for granted that the House must feel that it was the bounden duty of the legislature to find out some 460 remedy for evils of this magnitude . A more important question had not been submitted to their consideration for a length of time , and , much as they had been occupied by weighty affairs , he could not help regretting , that it had not been brought forward at an earlier period . It had been imagined by some that the nature of the proposed measure was merely to relieve the Court of Chancery from the pressure of business ; but this was a mistake , as would be seen by reference to the Resolutions of the Peers . The first of these Resolutions was directed to the almost total stagnation of business in that House , and proved that the remedy was not addressed to the Court of Chancery originally , but to this total stagnation of all business in the supreme court of appeal : and the Court of Chancery only came into the second Resolution , to shew that the state of business there was such that , by bringing a remedy from that court , they would occasion as great an evil as they removed . It was , he conceived , the duty of the Commons branch of the legislature , on viewing the proposition before them , to see in the first instance if any remedy could be applied by the Lords themselves by a different mode of executing their judicial functions , without creating any new office . Upon this subject they had the opinion of the Lords in grave decision , and without sacrificing any part of their independence , it would be right to look at the weighty recommendations with which this Bill came to them from the other House . It was founded on a most elaborate investigation , and had the entire concurrence of not only all the high legal authorities who sat in that House , but also of the leading political characters of every description . All parties agreed in the principle and in the detail of the measure , and it therefore came to them sanctioned by all the weight and consideration due to the other House of Parliament . It had been suggested that the Lords might by some new distribution of their duties get over the arrear of causes now before them , and prevent the recurrence of similar arrears in future . To accomplish this it was thought they might sit after the session for the general political business of the country was closed , and continue for a time to discharge their judicial functions . Surely , if there existed an objection to any other mode of remedy for the evil as an innovation , it was evident that in resorting to this 461 in order to prevent the innovation of creating a new officer , they would be guilty of a still greater innovation upon the constitution . To suppose that the Lords would remain in town , after the other affairs of parliament were dispatched , for this purpose , was a visionary hope , and one upon which no wise statesman would act . Besides , there was a decided constitutional objection against it which was , that it could not be done without trenching upon the prerogative of the crown , in the important privilege of proroguing parliament . It must put the crown into the delicate and awkward situation of either permitting parliament to sit after the national business for which it had been assembled was finished , or of doing injustice to the claimants who were at their bar . As