worn out in our service , instead of sending them home as before . This system had been altered , and the new mode adopted in consequence of the present state of the continent , which subjected these brave men to danger inconsistent with the character of this country , and the protection we were bound to bestow upon those who had served us . The amount was also increased by the formation of seven independent companies , or companies composed of Frenchmen . At the beginning of hostilities the desertions from the enemy in Spain had been confined to Germans , & c. but within the last year and a half , the privations to which they were exposed had induced many Frenchmen to come over to the other side . These could not be incorporated with our foreign corps ; ! and in order to obtain useful and military service from them , it was determined to form them into these small troops or companies , as the nature of their services might be , rather than embody them altogether into one mass of force . Each individual was placed in the same rank which he had held in the French army . The next head was the Royal Military College , in the expence of which there was an increase of 18,200l . ; but , a balance of 8,800l . left last year would reduce this item to only 9,400l . including 2,800l . in the civil department , expended in the purchase of a house at Farnham , rendered necessary by the establishment at Sandhurst , and also including the expence of two new companies of cadets . In the next head , the Royal Military Asylum , there was a small increase . In the allowances to retired chaplains , & c. the estimates were nearly the same ; and 1161 in the medicines and hospital expences , there was a diminution to the amount of 2,500l . The following head was the Compassionate List , in which there was an increase of 4,700l . in consequence of there being more claimants upon the fund , whose merits demanded compliance with their applications . On the next head , the Irish Barrack Department , there was an increase of 9,500l . occasioned by the transfer of an item which had been placed under another head , and by the rise in the price of necessaries for the troops . The Commissariat Department of Ireland exceeded the last year 's estimate by 28,000l . in consequence of the increase of forage money for the cavalry , and the delivery of great coats , and 15,000 pair of shoes to the men . The last head was that of Superannuations ; and in this there was a diminution of 541l . from the death of the late Mr. Lewis , although the retirement of colonel Paterson from office , with a pension , had been added to the charge . The general view as he had already stated would give an increased expence of 399,000l . ; but a deduction of 18,000l . from this would leave the correct total about 381,000l . With respect to our force , it was satisfactory to state , that the difference between the effective strength at the end of 1811 , and the end of 1812 , was very favourable , notwithstanding the extent and magnitude of the services in which our armies were engaged ; notwithstanding the casualties of long , active and harassing campaigns ; marches , disease , and losses in battle . Surmounting all these obstacles we had an actual increase of 10,200 effective men . Of these a considerable portion , indeed , were of the Foreign corps ; but in British alone , there was a clear augmentation of 2,000 men , besides 400 Spaniards , who had been incorporated with them in the peninsula . The noble lord then proceeded to advert to the successful nature of the recruiting service within the last year , which , he contended , had not arisen from commercial distress , but was general throughout the