Millman , dated 3d July , 1806.—Deposition of Mrs. Lisle , dated 3d July , 1806.—Letter from sir Francis Millman to the Lord Chancellor , dated 4th July , 18 ( ) 6.—Deposition of lord Cholmondeley , dated 6th July , 1806 . '' seconded the motion . rose and said , he felt that he should act most consistently with his duty in confining himself to explanation , with respect to parts of the hon . member 's speech , which would tend to guard the House against those false impressions which that speech might otherwise excite . The mode of proceeding adopted by the hon . member was somewhat singular . His first Resolution was , in fact , even in his own view of it , without any proof . His second Resolution called for those very papers , as matters of information on `` which his first Resolution was founded ; as if they were matters of certain knowledge . He did not mean to urge 1138 it in the way of cavil against the proceeding , but surely if there were any grounds for the Resolution , the second should have been the preliminary one , as the first , in its order , could by no possibility be adopted by the House . The only object of the information called for seemed to be to persuade the House , that such serious doubts existed as to the succession to the throne , as required the interference of parliament . He should not enter into any detailed enquiry as to the legality of the privy council acting as a tribunal in their proceedings on this subject ; but he would state , that he was perfectly satisfied , that they were fully competent to enquire , whether there were , or were not , sufficient grounds of charge for putting the Princess of Wales on her defence . The present motion , however , did not go to the extent of settling the question , whether any such proceedings were , or were not , necessary . But he must say , that if the Commissioners were not competent to decide upon the charges against her Royal Highness of being pregnant in the year 1802 , the House of Commons was certainly not the proper tribunal for deciding ; on such a question . If , on the other hand , no actual criminality was imputed to her Royal Highness , that House was equally an improper tribunal for deciding on that question . If , again , every shade in the conduct of the Princess of Wales , from the highest degree of guilt , down to the lowest levity , were to be considered , that House was not , certainly , the place where such matters should be discussed . He must also observe , that if any unfortunate disputes existed between any branches of the royal family , any discussion in the House of Commons could serve only to augment the evil , and widen the breach . The only solid practical ground , therefore , on which parliament could proceed , would be , that doubts attached to the succession to the crown . But in the present case there was not the smallest doubt entertained upon that subject . The Commissioners in 1806 , from their known character and high legal qualifications , were certainly fit persons to decide upon that question ; and they had decided , and no doubts remained on their minds that required the necessity of parliamentary interposition . They did not make a comparative enquiry into the weight of the evidence of lady Douglas , as compared with , or contrasted to , that of other witnesses ; but they decided , that they had 1139 traced the whole history of the child so completely and satisfactorily , that no possible doubt could remain that it was not born of the Princess of Wales , but of another woman , named Sophia Austin . Nor , indeed , did this decision rest only on their Report , for it was afterwards referred to other