particular corps , `` inasmuch as they could best drill them , from being acquainted with their language and manners , '' yet not the slightest regard was paid to this wholesome constitutional provision . According to the act originally constituting the German Legion , the ground alleged for appointing German officers , was , that from their acquaintance with the German language and manners they were best fitted to discipline and command such corps ; but what ground of utility or expediency could be alleged for appointing such officers to command in the British army ? Here the Act of Settlement was violated without any thing like a plea ; but so were other acts also . For example , according to the act relating to the constitution of the 60th regiment , not one of that corps was ever to serve out of America . 268 Yet the prescription of the act had been wholly overlooked . In fact , one battalion of this regiment was now serving in the peninsula . He did not mean to find fault with such employment of that battalion , but with the manner of sending it out . He objected to the violation of the law . Why was not application made to parliament to repeal the law , if found objectionable , instead of acting directly in its teeth—instead of treating the law , and consequently the legislature , with contempt ? No man would object to such employment of them , if ministers , instead of breaking an act of parliament , would come to parliament and point out the necessity of such a change of destination . Parliament would , no doubt , attend to any application to remove an exceptionable law ; —but it seemed too much trouble to pay due respect to parliament . It was a shorter course to do as men pleased themselves , than to consult others , and particularly a superior authority . The Secretary at War appeared fonder of looking over the map of Europe than the Act of Settlement , or the constitution , but the latter were in his opinion fully as deserving of attention as the former . How great had been the solicitude of parliament to render the provisions of the Act of settlement effective . Not only at the Revolution did our ancestors refuse to allow Dutch troops to stay in this country , but on the accession of the House of Hanover , there was an act in the very first year , which had directly in its contemplation the employment of Hanoverian troops . It was against this very description of force , that our ancestors shewed a constitutional jealousy at the time of passing the Act of Settlement . Even in the reign of George 1st this jealousy bad not subsided , but statutes were passed to guard against the appointment of any foreigner to any place civil or military , in this country : and making that provision a specific clause even in every naturalization Bill . With respect to the challenge of the gallant officer to look to the Gazettes , in order to ascertain the achievements of the German Legion , he had taken occasion to review those Gazettes , because a similar desire had been before expressed to him by others , and he was happy to find that in glory , as it appeared from the losses , the British army was not inferior , compared with those highly-applauded , those particularly-favoured foreigners . For what was the comparison ? Why , let the House 269 and the country judge from a few instances . The day preceding the battle of Talavera , six battalions of infantry and one regiment of cavalry belonging to the German Legion , lost in killed and wounded 125 ; two battalions of the 87th regiment , ditto , ditto 164.—Battle of Busaço : Four battalions and two detachments of the German Legion , lost & c. 59 ; one battalion of the 45th regiment 137 ; one ditto of the 88th regiment 133.—Assault of Ciudad Rodrigo : Total British loss 626 ;