of the Rolls with all the arrears in the Court of Chancery , and separating him from a court where he had so long presided with honour to himself and satisfaction to this as well as to foreign countries . He totally disapproved of that complexity of movement and judicial machinery by which it had been proposed to transfer the judges from court to court , and to supply the absence of one from his proper sphere by the successive removal of others out of theirs . He did not believe that the great and excellent character who had been so often referred to would ever stand in the way of any advantage to his country , but he conceived that in case of any such arrangement being adopted , it would be absolutely necessary for him to retire from the high situation which he now filled . It was not historically true , that the Master of the Rolls owed his elevation to the talents which he had displayed in that House ; he owed it chiefly and originally to the distinction which he had obtained in the Court of Chancery , and at the bar of the House of Lords . He must enter his protest against any measure which proceeded on the supposition that the evil to be remedied was a temporary evil . Even if a temporary office were in this view created for the purpose , no eminent professional man would accept of it , unless on condition of the continuance of the salary after his services had ceased . Why , then , throw a character of doubt and disrespect upon the office without any advantage to result from it ? It 687 would be at all times in the power of parliament to annul the office , if found unnecessary , as they had created it . should not have risen , but for the notice which had been taken of an allusion made by him on a former night , to the cause of the Master of the Rolls withdrawing himself from the Cockpit . He conceived that no imputation was implied in the statement he had made , which , however , was founded only on common rumour . His attendance there was no part of his official duty , it was perfectly gratuitous , and he was at liberty to continue or discontinue it as he saw proper . The time that he had withdrawn himself from the Cockpit , was , when a certain administration was endeavouring to supplant him in the county which he had long represented . At such a time , it would not be wondered at , if he did not continue to give his voluntary attendance at a place , where it was not his particular duty to attend . did not know any thing more of the transaction than what he had learned from the information of the hon . and learned member , who had stated that the Master of the Rolls had been ill-treated by the ministry of 1806 . Because he had been opposed in a county election , he had , it seemed , retired from the Cockpit out of political pique and resentment . He did not attach much credit to the rumour , but he thought that , if true , it implied a censure on the conduct of the Master of the Rolls . wished to understand the Bill , which he was unable to do from the Bill itself , without the assistance of those who framed it . He wished to be informed , whether it was intended to transfer causes set down for the Master of the Rolls to the Vice-Chancellor ; if the causes were so transferred , it would create considerable dissatisfaction , and a multiplication of business by constant appeals ; if it were not intended so to transfer them , all the causes would be set down before the Master of the Rolls . He wondered how gentlemen who had professed on a former night to be satisfied , not with what the Bill was , but with what