applicability : there might perhaps be a Ulysses or a Nestor present , who could . Possibly the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or the President of the Lard of Trade , or the . Vice-president of the Board of Trade might be able to show it . He owned that he was not at all surprised , to , hear the hon . gentleman attribute the embarrassed state of our currency to Buonaparté . It was the hon . gentleman 's usual practice to lay all our evils at Buonaparté 's door . On him all were thrown . Perhaps , even , the absence of a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) might be owing to Buonaparté 's having turned up some what nearer home than was expected . intimated that his noble friend was indisposed . expressed his regret at the circumstance ; he had supposed it possible that Buonaparté 's having been found at Berlin , might have occasioned the noble lord 's absence ; knowing , however , the elasticity of the noble lord 's mind and body , he had no doubt that he would soon recover his wonted health . With respect to the Bill before the House , the object of it was to prevent that which already existed—two prices . Every body knew that all the necessaries of life could be bought at a cheaper rate with gold than with paper . The conduct of the hon . gentleman who spoke last had been most 306 extraordinary . Having , in the first instance , opposed the original resolution of the House on the ground that it would be as easy to controul the motion of the heavenly bodies by act of parliament , as to regulate the circulation of the country under the circumstances in which it was placed ; having again resisted the Bill when introduced last year , he , now that ministers tried their hand at it again , declared , that he was their man , and gave his support to this notable proposition . The House were placed in this situation : they first voted a resolution which they could not maintain ; and they then attempted to bolster it up by a law which was effective only in preventing the natives of this country from purchasing gold , and in opening the market to foreigners . Nothing could be more absurd than the Bill which it was then proposed to read a third time , and he should give his hearty vote against it . A division ensued , said , he held in his hands a Petition from captain Inglis , who was to have gone out to survey Port Jackson . While his vessel was in the river , some of his crew , all of whom had protections , were attacked by a press-gang . They resisted this press-gang , and beat them off , but he himself took no part in the resistance . A complaint was lodged at the Thames Police Office , to which he was brought . His treatment there was shocking and shameful . He was confined from four in the afternoon till eight in the evening , in a place which it was scarcely de cent to mention ; and when he came from this place—a common privy—he was so overcome with the stench , that he was ready to faint . He was conveyed to Clerkenwell Prison , and obliged to share a bed with one of the felons , in irons . His affairs were much injured , if not ruined , by being detained till his trial should come on in March next . This gentleman was well known , during a long life , as possessed of a most respectable character . He was well related , and had served first as a midshipman in the king 's service , and afterwards in a high situation in a vessel belonging to the East India Company ; and while he was in the Company 's service , he had received a considerable reward from lord Minto , for having saved the lives of