, on account of the practicability of their becoming subservient to the views of a foreign power , acting , through the Pope , upon the minds and consciences of individuals of this persuasion . But it is said that we have already conceded so much , that little or nothing is left to give ; and we are condemned for withholding that , which only produces irritation . But is it true that the Roman Catholics deem that , which they now demand , as of little or no importance ? Are seats in this and the other House of Parliament nothing ? Is the command of fleets and armies , and to partake in the supreme administration of justice , of trifling consequence ? For my part , I am of a very different way of thinking , and can not contemplate , without serious apprehensions , the growth of a Roman Catholic party , introduced into parliament , and acting uniformly 831 together , with one object in view . We all know what even a small party is capable of effecting in this way—And is it quite improbable that such a party , acting in concert with Protestant Dissenters , and through the medium , for instance , of the abolition of tythes , may not be able , in process of time , to bring the church establishment into danger ; and eventually shake the very foundations of the state ? On the other hand , what are the dangers with which we are threatened , should we not think fit to concede that , which is now so pertinaciously demanded ? —Phraseology and circumlocution apart , we are fairly told that we must expect insurrection and rebellion , on the part of the Irish Roman Catholics , and the eventual separation from British connexion , should we prove obdurate . I do not believe it . That there are agitators in Ireland , I do believe , who endeavour to make use of this Catholic question to cover their traitorous and malignant designs . But I do believe , that the main body of the Roman Catholics , both there and here , are loyal men ; and I am persuaded , that they are much too wise and prudent , to be the instigators and the victims of rebellion and civil war ; to sacrifice their share of the greatest temporal blessings , of such real comfort , opulence , peace , and security , as surely were never surpassed by any description of men , in any country whatever . And all for what ? Not for any positive grievance or oppression , affecting their private rights , fortunes , liberty , or happiness ; not for the want of liberal and effectual toleration of their religion , rightly understood ; not for any denial of justice between man and man ; not on account of the absence of any real temporal blessing ; but for a grievance , if not ideal in the abstract , yet amounting to little more in the concrete ; for the attaining of certain contingent privileges which could , by possibility , attach only to the smallest assignable number , from among the many ten thousands of the Roman Catholic population of the empire . I confess , Mr. Speaker , it requires no small share of patience to listen to those , who , while they complain of the oppressive restraints , of the slavery of our British Protestant institutions , continue passively and slavishly to submit their necks to the yoke of a foreign spiritual tyranny , such as all history has proved it to be . To hear them crying out for emancipation , 832 from the bondage , forsooth , of the Bill of Rights , and Acts of Settlement , and paltering with their allegiance to the house of Brunswick , while they fall prostrate before the decrees of the councils of Lateran and Trent , and tremble at the bulls and rescripts of some miserable Italian or French Prelate , who is himself the chained and pensioned vassal of the