be justifiable in such circumstances , can they be stated to be therefore necessary now ? —Look at the three following reigns , during which the system grew . To that of king William , childless , as I have said , 1051 and a foreigner , succeeded queen Anne ; herself childless also , and so favourable ( as was supposed ) to the restoration of her exiled family , that it might well be thought necessary by her parliaments to guard the succession to the crown against her own wishes , no less than against the machinations of rebellion and foreign power . George I was a stranger ; and a stranger might be excused if he imbibed the jealousies , and adopted the system of that class of his subjects to whom he owed his throne , if he sanctioned and countenanced severities , which they represented as necessary , against those whom he was taught to consider as his irreconcilable enemies . The res dura , et regni novitas , might palliate , if it could not excuse such a policy , during such a reign . But if we excuse that policy , we surely do not therefore wish to perpetuate it : nor would we renew , if it were in our power , in the present times , the maxims , which guided the conduct of a monarch , who , whatever were his great or amiable qualities , had the misfortune , incident to the state of things in which he lived , of being the king of but half his people . Of the reign of George 2 , it may be sufficient to say , that it witnessed one most formidable explosion of rebellion , arising not from speculative or religious differences , indeed , but from that attachment to a banished dynasty , with which the Roman Catholics of these realms were held to be particularly infected . It is not unnatural that , in the course of a reign so disturbed , laws enacted against this specific mischief should not have been repealed nor softened ; should have been maintained rather , and enforced in all their rigour . But the establishment of the Protestant succession is surely now in no danger . The tender plant might require to be fenced and protected : but it has now struck its roots deep into the soil , and its branches over-canopy the land . Such a change in the circumstances of this kingdom , and of the world , justifies and requires a corresponding change of policy . Not only are not the same dangers now in active operation ; but they are extinguished , past the power , or wit , or malice of man to revive . The hand of death has crushed the political part of those dangers , the rival and banished dynasty ; and therewith has dissevered , for ever , the ill-omened union of treason and religion . You enacted these laws , not on account of faith , but on account of politics . Was it against transubstantia- 1052 tion ? No such thing : but transubstantiation was the symbol of a creed in politics , as well as in religion , the object of which was to overturn the established government and constitution . To continue these enactments against transubstantiation , when it is no longer the symbol of dangerous politics , is as absurd as if , having had occasion to advertise a runaway felon , and to describe him by his red hair , you should thereafter forget that it was the felony which constituted the crime , and should , in all time to come , consider red hair as a capital offence . Among those who , without being fairly for a repeal at any time , are yet not for maintaining all things which remain in the Catholic code precisely and unalterably as they are , I was surprised , and not a little delighted , to find this night , I think for the first time , my right hon . and learned friend (