`` the public charges , offices , and honours , high or low , great and small , shall be given to native Hungarians , who deserve well of their country , and who are competent to hold them , without any regard to their religious persuasions . '' This is the declaration of a Popish diet , This proceeds from one of those nations which , according to the Anti-Catholics , has no idea of toleration , as compared with this country ! This Catholic government gives not only toleration , but qualification , and the Catholic church acquiesces in the gift . We give toleration without qualification ; and we accompany that toleration with pains and penalties . The Anti-Catholic petitions require , that those pains and penalties should be continued . The petitioners seem totally ignorant of the real state of things . They declare generally ( mayors and corporations ) that the principles of the Catholics are the same as they were at the worst of times . They state , and they state it after the demolition of the Vatican—after the prostration of the inquisition—after the fall of the Pope , that religious toleration and that civil qualification ought not to be granted , which is allowed in every great country in Europe , England excepted . They assume that to be true in argument , which is false in fact . They 754 quote Catholic writers , who have said that the fathers and they hold the same opinions ; and on this the Anti-Catholics found a monstrous misstatement . Sir , the Catholics of the present day have evinced their principles by their oaths . They have abjured every criminal tenet attributed to their ancestors . In taking an oath , framed by a Protestant , enacted by a Protestant parliament , and going into the minutiae of rejection , the Catholics have acquitted themselves , by a solemn obligation , of the principles formerly imputed to them . They nevertheless , maintain , that there is no difference of opinion between them and their ancestors , because they maintain , that their ancestors were charged unjustly with entertaining criminal opinions . This defence of their ancestors has been converted into a crimination of them-selves ; and they are suspected of maintaining doctrines , an adherence to which they deny on oath . It is said , by the Anti-Catholics , that the Catholics have been , and are always the same . The Catholics allow that a true Catholic was and is always the same ; but they add , that a criminal Catholic is not a true one . `` But the Catholics are enemies to the Church of England . '' Believe me , Sir , it is a very hasty and imprudent assertion ; it is one calculated to make the Catholics that which they are not—enemies to the Church of England . If it proceeds from high authority , it might be seriously dangerous ; but coming as it does , from persons , however respectable , whose opinions are not entitled to very serious consideration , it may be comparatively innoxious . Sir , why should the Catholics be enemies of the church of England ? If the endeavours of the Catholic to obtain his civil liberties be opposed by the church of England , then it is not the Catholic which is the enemy of the church of England , but the church of England which is the enemy of the Catholic . What is it , Sir , which is to make a Catholic an enemy to the church of England ? Is it his doctrine ? Is it the doctrine of penance , of absolution , of extreme unction ? The affirmative would subject the affirmer to the most just ridicule and scorn . So much for the hostility of the Catholics to the church ! 'But , ' it is said further , 'the Catholics are enemies to the state . ' [ Some honourable members on the other side of the House observed , that they were so 'in principle ? ]