country . One cause to which he attributed it was to a change in the recruiting system , by employing officers well calculated for the service , and giving them district with the command of all parties therein , though not belonging to their own regiments , instead of young officers , 1162 who accepted the task rather as a leave of absence than as a service . The experiment had first been tried in the Gloucester district , and from its success extended to four or five other districts , in all of which still proving productive and beneficial , the system would now be generally resorted to . The continuance of the officer in the district depended on his success , and the plan would , in the first instance , have the good effect of disengaging seven hundred officers , and joining them to their several regiments . Another of the improvements was to allow a larger share of the reward to the non-commissioned officers , upon whose exertions the success in recruiting must in a great measure , depend , however active and diligent their superior officers might be . The number of recruits raised last year was 14,432 , by ordinary recruiting . This was a great increase , as in the preceding years it had been rising from nine and ten , to eleven and twelve thousand . The volunteers from the militia were neatly equal to the full number allowed , namely , 9,900 , making a total to the army of 24,335 . The place of the volunteers from the militia was filled up by beat of drum , and therefore he might state the total addition to the regular army to have been gained by the success of the recruiting service . This was a most satisfactory contemplation , and it must afford the House delight to see the ardour and spirit of the people roused in proportion to the demands upon their services . It might be necessary to explain the difference which existed between the number of casualties which were accounted for , and those which really had happened . In the account of the casualties which had been given , all those which had happened on foreign stations were included . Some persons who knew that the case was so , had expressed their surprise at the small amount of the casualties stated in the return . The return which had been called for by the hon . gentleman , was that of the casualties for 1812 , which necessarily did not include those which had taken place during the latter months of 1811 . So that those persons who had professed to feel so much astonishment at the small-ness of the number , probably thought that the latter months of the year 1811 , were included in the return . On the one hand the number of men added to the army , during 1812 , amounted to 39,762 ; including those raised by regular recruit- 1163 ing —by recruiting from the militia—those deserters who had been recovered , & c. ; on the other hand , the casualties of 1812 amounted altogether to 29,562 ; of which Bomber 26,775 were accounted for in the return . This left 2,787 unaccounted for . In order to explain why there was such a number unaccounted for , it would be necessary to state , that when a regiment was sent abroad , the commanding officer was accountable for all the men . But when on service , all those men who were so wounded or disabled , as to be rendered unfit for service , were sent home in detachments . Those men so sent home , were struck off the list of effective men abroad , and not being taken on the effective list at home , ( though ultimately accounted for by their commanding officers ) there was a perpetual balance of these men , who from not being included in either the list of effective men at home or abroad , would make up the difference between the number accounted for in the return of