to the Catholics even under more severe restrictions than he himself might think called for , should the House be of opinion that such were necessary ; this he had emphatically stated that night , and that he would go far to secure the principle . How then , he would be glad to know , could it be said that his right hon . friend had abandoned a plan that he had never proposed , or that he had not proposed securities to accompany concessions , merely because he had not defined them . The third plan spoken of , was one said to have come from a noble lord ( lord Castlereagh ) which he should leave it to that noble lord to state , as he did not understand one word concerning it ; but of the plans of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , he contended that one had never been proposed , and that the other had never been abandoned even in idea . The right hon . gentleman said he would give honours to the Catholics , but he could not agree to concede to them political power . This , however , the legislature had already done , and it was extraordinary that it should now be thought incumbent on them to stop . If it was so dangerous , why had it been granted ? and as it had been granted , he did not see exactly why the House should stop at that particular point . But the right hon . gentleman said he would willingly give them every noble distinction ; he would give them the whole of the army , except the office of commander in chief ; and he would also allow them to rise to all the honours and dignities that could be attained at the bar . He wished that those had been known to be the sentiments of the right hon . gentleman years ago ; if so , he was certain the University of Oxford , which that right hon . gentleman represented , with so much honour to himself and advantage to the nation , would not have lent itself to the 1212 cry that the Church was in Danger , merely because a bill , founded on opinions , and for objects similar to those to which the right hon . gentleman had declared himself friendly , had been brought in . The University of Oxford , he was certain , would not have lent itself to such a cry , and that , too , to the destruction of an administration merely because such a bill as that had been introduced , had they been aware that such were the sentiments of their highly esteemed and respected representative . But , he asked , would that right hon . gentleman give to the Catholics all the honours of the army , and all the honours of the bar , and yet expect that they could keep from them political power ? Would not the opening to them the way to the honours in which the right hon . gentleman saw no danger , render them more impatient for the attainment of political power , which he was of opinion ought on no account to be conceded to them . Grant them these honours , and would it be possible to keep political power from falling into their hands ? Having attained the highest honours of the bar , would they not naturally look to seats in that House as affording the most legitimate vent for their abilities ? And if shut out from that House , must not the disability be found the more galling , and the establishment be thus more peculiarly endangered ? If power was so very dangerous in their hands , he did not know by what lucky chance they had obtained the small portion they now possessed . The right hon . gentleman quoted the authority of lord Clarendon to shew that the spiritual and temporal power of the Pope were the same ; but he wished to know , who made