of the negociations with America.—The hon . gentleman then reverted to the state of our manufactures , which were such , that the little work which kept the manufacturers from starving , especially at Birmingham , was the manufactory of arms , and he deplored that ever the people of this country should be reduced to such employment for support.—After commenting on the taunt , as he asserted it to be , respecting the American ambassador , Joel Barlow , laying the liberties of the republic of America at the feet of the devastator of Moscow , and making several observations on the relations between this country and America , the hon . gentleman concluded with saying , that under all these circumstances he was desirous of imploring his Royal Highness to take into consideration the measure of inquiring whether or not it was at present possible to bring about a pacification . We now stood in a situation in Spain glorious beyond example , in so far as related to the splendid achievements of our armies , though , with respect to the main object , the expulsion of the French from the peninsula , we were not so near our object as many people supposed . The emperor of Prance was at present in great difficulties . He had indeed succeeded in one way beyond the expectation of all those who saw him set out . An unexpected event , however , had foiled him , and involved him certainly in great difficulties for the present ; and though from these difficulties he might ultimately extricate 99 himself , there must be a considerable interval during which battles could not take place.—He knew be should be told as he had always hitherto been on making such a proposition , that the interference of parliament on such a subject would cramp the powers of the executive . But when he saw that one ministry after another took no advantage of any favourable conjuncture offered them for the accomplishment of this object , and that the moment a victory was obtained , instead of considering it as instrumental in leading to peace , the end of all war , they seemed to be immediately filled with the most frantic and unreasonable hopes , he was convinced that no ministry would ever voluntarily enter upon negociation , and that the House were therefore now called upon to interfere , that an event might at last be brought about of so much importance to this country , and to the world . With these impressions , and considering , lastly , that in tenderness for the Spaniards , our allies , we should allow them some time to settle their form of government ; he had no hesitation in saying that , without debasing the dignity of the country , we might take some steps to ascertain whether or no France was disposed to listen to pacific overtures . The hon . gentleman then moved the following Amendment : `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , to thank his Royal Highness for his Royal Highness 's most gracious Speech from the throne , in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty . `` To assure his Royal Highness of the inviolable attachment of his Majesty 's faithful Commons to the persons of his Majesty , and of his Royal Highness ; to his Majesty 's government , and to the principles which seated his Majesty 's royal family upon the throne of these kingdoms . `` To convey to his Royal Highness the expression of our sincere condolence , on the continuance of the affliction with which it has pleased God to visit his Majesty ; whereby the recovery of his Majesty 's mental powers appears to have been rendered hopeless , and the sacred life of his Majesty , from the frequent repetition and violence of the attacks , to have become alarmingly precarious . `` To represent to his Royal Highness , that in such circumstances , the existence of this new parliament is , of necessity , likely to