realms which he had devastated . A republican ambassador , bearing the homage of a free state to the conqueror ( as he was taken for granted to be ) of independent Russia , and authorised to sign , amidst the smoking ruins of Moscow , a treaty of hostility against the liberators of Spain ! With such an exhibition of republican virtue and republican love of liberty before my eyes , faint , I confess , were the hopes which I could cherish , of a disposition on the part of America to conciliate Great Britain . Much has been said indeed , and too much can not be said , or felt , of the natural affection that ought to subsist between the two countries ; of the force of kindred 73 blood , of common interests , of common language . But , Sir , we are told by natural historians , that affection descends ; that parents love their children more than children love their parents ; and I would ask of those who , in this country , speak of America with parental affection , whether they do not begin to apprehend that they may have counted a little too much on a reciprocity of feeling on the part of their transatlantic offspring . Before , however , I quit that part of the Address which relates to Canada , let me again guard myself against the possibility of being supposed to undervalue the heroism there displayed , or not to set its due value upon that exemplary loyally in his Majesty 's Canadian subjects which is stated in the Speech from the throne to have remained proof against all temptation . Most cordially do I concur in that sentiment of approbation , and , adverting to a vote which I had the honour of proposing to the House last year , in favour of his Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects , let me remind the House that these provinces of Canada , so assailed , and so attempted to be seduced , and so inaccessible to seduction , constitute the single specimen in the British empire , in which the Catholic is allowed to sit side by side with the Protestant in the legislature , as well as to fight side by side with him in the field ! ! But to return to the war . For this system of forbearance—of mitigated and half afraid hostility , we are told there is a twofold reason . We are told that we have friends in America whom we should endeavour to conciliate by mildness , and that we should be careful to put ourselves completely in the right . No man can subscribe more readily than I do to the latter proposition . So much so , indeed , that I confess , I should contemplate the most splendid victory that ever decorated the historic page with little admiration , if it were gained in a cause essentially unjust . It may also be wise to do whatever may depend upon us , to forward the political views , and political preponderance of the party in the United States ; —I will not call it the English party , for that would be unjust ; —but that party of good Americans , who loving their country , and consulting for her good , maintain the opinion that an alliance with England is preferable to an alliance with France . But , Sir , are we sure that by this system of restricted and inoffensive hostility we are 74 really playing the game of the party friendly to us ? I doubt it . Here is a country divided into parties , one of which , to deter their countrymen from war , predicts the evils that must follow hostility with England : I can not conceive a mode better calculated to diminish the influence of that party , instead of upholding it , than that of rendering their prophecies comtemptible , and enabling those opposed to them in politics to appeal to experience against their forebodings . But is this an ideal picture ?