of stock were not exposed to the loss in- 301 curred through depreciation ; but on the contrary , those whose property had been long vested in the funds , and others engaged in Chancery suits , suffered an injury of prodigious extent . They found at the Bank that 10 per cent . was taken in the first place under the Income Tax , and in the second , that the value of the remainder was diminished above 30 per cent . The system was equally injurious to private annuitants , and unless so great and grieving an evil should be redressed by the application of salutary measures , and looked at steadily with the eye of a true statesman , the inconvenience would soon become not less obvious to the meanest capacity than it already was to those whose inquiries had rendered them more conversant with the subject . The present Bill appeared to him to resemble the folly of children , who imagined that they would remain concealed by placing their hands before their eyes : its object was to draw a veil between the country and its real situation . No doubt the genuine remedy must produce inconvenience , and , perhaps , in some degree distress ; but these would be greatly augmented by suffering the distemper to continue until it should assume a yet more formidable aspect . He thanked the House for the indulgence he had experienced ; the great importance of the subject and his own conviction of its nature and tendency had prompted him to state on what grounds he must protest against the Bill then under consideration . admitted that the gold coin of the realm had disappeared ; and he saw no reason why gold , as well as other articles , might not be made a source of traffic . In many instances it must necessarily be expected , such as when it was applied in the purchase of corn , or other commodities , on the continent . The high price of bullion was , in his opinion , wholly attributable to the balance of trade being against us ; and until this could be remedied it was not to be expected that we should have an influx of that coin , of which the country now appeared to be almost totally drained . Rather than see two prices put upon the circulating medium , however , he would be satisfied to see the country without a single guinea . could not , by any means , agree to a Resolution which went to assert that a one pound note and a shilling were equal to a guinea . He had had very 302 frequent and satisfactory assurances of the contrary from experience , the best of all teachers ; yet though such was his opinion , he could not give that unqualified opposition to the Bill which might appear to be necessarily deducible from it . There was one provision of the Bill , which in the existing situation of affairs , was absolutely required to protect the poorer and feebler class of society from being visited by the oppression of the wealthy and more powerful—he meant that by which landlords were prevented from exacting from their tenants payment of their rents in gold . But here his approval must terminate . In the remaining provisions he could see nothing but a mass of mischievous absurdity . The very title of the Bill appeared to him a misnomer , it was called the Gold Coin Bill , when it would have been more appropriately entitled the No Coin Bill . He would state to the House a fact , which would serve as well as any that had hitherto been submitted to their attention , to prove the existence of two prices . Having had occasion to purchase a horse in his native country , he had visited a fair for the purpose , where having fixed on one in the possession of a country dealer , and asked his price , he was answered , thirty-eight guineas , upon which , pulling out a parcel