receive her two dollars for every oath that she took , all who applied to her and through her means obtaining certificates . In Philadelphia , occurrences of a similar nature had taken place , but he would not fatigue the House by detailing them . Certificates were also frequently transferred from one individual to another , and became as much matter of sale as any other personal properly . So much so indeed , that after a transfer of this kind it was no unusual thing to see produced by a person of colour , a certificate for his protection , describing him to be of fair complexion , light hair and blue eyes ! But the question did not rest on this view of the fraudulent mode of granting and obtaining certificates . Was there not something in the practice of the American government which laid them open to a jealous suspicion on our part , even if the system of certificates was as faithful as it was evidently fraudulent ? Was there nothing to induce Great Britain not to part with the means of doing herself justice on the subject ? Did America admit that the natural born subjects of this country were bound to give their aid and assistance to their natural sovereign ? Her conduct distinctly denied it . She held that a British 604 subject , who by a false oath converted himself into an American citizen , or who naturalized himself in America in conformity to the American laws , ceased to owe allegiance to the king of his native country , and was entitled to be protected as an American citizen . Contemplating all these circumstances , looking at the general spirit manifested by the government of the United States , looking at the known frauds of the certificating system , looking at the pretensions of the American legislature to divest , by Naturalization Bills , British subjects of their allegiance to their sovereign , so far from being encouraged to throw the pointin question into the hands of the American government , it behoved this country to regard any such proposed surrender of their known and unalienable rights with jealousy , and to consult our own security before we gave op to America or to any other power the means which we possessed to defend ourselves , by the exercise of a right which never had been , and never could be , justly questioned . He would proceed to consider the mode in which America urged her pretensions ; and would show , that the government of the United States allowed the war to continue to rage , not because Great Britain would not enter into a fair discussion of all points between the countries with a view to their amicable adjustment , but because Great Britain was not prepared to concede the question at issue as even a preliminary to an armistice . And here he must observe , that it was a singular fact in diplomacy , that a question which on former discussions had certainly been brought forward , but never , down to the declaration of war , in the tone of a war question by America , was unexpectedly placed in the front of the battle , being actually the first proposition in the American declaration of war . At the moment that America found this country , in the spirit of her usual amity , availing herself of the opportunity afforded her by France , to try whether the Orders in Council could not be put on such a footing as to cease to be injurious to American commerce—when the government of the United States found that we had revoked the Orders in Council , and that the blockade of 1806 was no longer in operation , —that these grounds , the only original grounds for hostilities , were removed from under her , —that government declared that unless Great Britain were prepared to concede the point in dispute between the two countries relative 605 to the impressment of seamen , they would persevere in war , on a ground which up to that