consistent upon their own principles . If our resources were really inadequate , then the first plan was very just and proper : but if , as he held , they were adequate to extensive operations , then the second plan was obviously the fittest to adopt . But the plan of all others , which all mankind must reprobate and reject , was that plan of employing the resources , of exposing the sinews of our strength , to hourly danger ; bearing hard upon our finances , yet accomplishing neither object , but falling dead , as it were , between both . Such a plan as this every one must concur in condemning . It was essentially hostile to the principle of economy ; it was expence without fruit ; and yet that was the system which had been pursued during the last and during the preceding campaign . A vast expence of blood and treasure had been lavished , and our resources enfeebled , without accomplishing any one definite or precise object . When it was to end he knew not ; but it would be invidious to call upon him or any one , to say how closely calamity might tread upon the footsteps of error . When France was meditating fresh wars in the north of Europe , and when we saw Russia prepared to resist her ambitious designs to the last extremity , what more vigorous or effectual assistance could we have given to Russia than by prosecuting the war in Spain ? The best succour we could give to that country , the most essential aid that we could bestow , was by carrying on the war in the peninsula upon a broad and extensive scale of operations ; but it was not so carried on , and he charged upon that system , therefore , in the first instance a defection from the cause of Russia . He did not , indeed , mean to dispute that the events of the last campaign had not been beneficial to Spain , but his objection was that those benefits were imperfectly secured , and that they could not be expected to be permanent . On all these grounds considering ministers as culpable in withholding needful supplies , before he could agree to that part of the Speech which spoke of the exertions of the Spanish nation , 32 he must be informed where the benefits arising out of these exertions were to be found . The noble marquis , next , dismissing the topic of the peninsular war , adverted to the hopes held out of a diversion from Sweden , in favour of the operations of Russia . He could not conceive any thing more erroneous in policy or in co-operation than the line of conduct pursued with regard to this power . As it appeared to his mind , a more extraordinary act of diplomacy had never occurred than the Treaty which our ministers had concluded with the government of Sweden . It was a treaty which promised every advantage to Sweden without guaranteeing any to England . It was , in fact , a treaty in which , as it had been once whimsically observed upon a similar contract , the reciprocity was all on one side ; for we had engaged to afford Sweden all the assistance in our power , in her operations against the enemy , or for her own protection , while nothing appeared likely to be done for us or for our allies on her part . An expedition was , indeed , projected and expected to sail from Sweden , with a view to co-operate with Russia ; but that object was soon abandoned ; no expedition ever did sail ; and in consequence of that abandonment general Victor , who , with his force , waited in Swedish Pomerania , to meet the apprehended diversion , was enabled to withdraw , and his division actually formed a part of the army with which Buonaparté made his way to Moscow . Such was the important effect of the inactivity of Sweden , and for