exceeding jealousy and circumspection ? And is there not something in the peculiar circumstances of this question , and of this time , which should make us particularly anxious to avoid the imputation of such a construction ? It is impossible to forget the condition in which the ministry stands , in relation to this question . They are divided amongst themselves ; and act upon it , not as a ministry , but each member of the government on his own individual opinion . It is , however , well known , that the preponderance of sentiment , among the members of the government , is adverse to the discussion of the Catholic claims . Would it not be unseemly , at least , if not of fearful consequence , to lead the people to believe that the dissolution of parliament had been resorted to , under these circumstances , in order to defeat the purpose of the House of Commons , and to interpose between their pledge and its accomplishment ? I attribute not to the government this de- 1044 sign , —and , indeed , the conduct of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) this night encourages the belief that such could not have been the intention of the act , to which I have alluded . But I state the danger and inconvenience of such a misconstruction , as contributing strong additional reasons for our proceeding , without hesitation , to give effect to the determination of the late House of Commons , and for our not suffering ourselves to be turned aside from this plain , straight-forward course , by any quibbling dispute , as to the degree of obligation , under which we lie , to discharge the duty which has devolved upon us . I have said , Sir , that I feel myself fully as responsible for the present proposition , as the right hon . gentleman who has brought it forward . The House will recollect that , on the night on which I was so fortunate as to carry the Resolution , which has been read from the Journals of last session , I did most willingly surrender into the hands of the right hon . gentleman the task of rearing the superstructure on the foundation of which it was then my happiness to lay . I surrendered it to him with all that deference , which his great talents and authority demanded ; and with a confidence , which his moderation has justified . From that moderation—from the temper displayed , in the course of these debates , by the right hon . gentleman himself , and infused into them by his example , I augur the happiest effects . To him is to be joined , in the same praise , a right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) near him ; to the merits of whose speech , on the first night of this debate , it is superfluous to add my feeble testimony : a speech displaying not only the talents of an accomplished orator , but the large views and comprehensive mind of a statesman ; but still more commendable for a still greater excellence , —that of manfully disclaiming all meretricious popularity ; and courageously rebuking the excesses of those , whose cause he came forward to plead . This debate will , I hope and I believe , have taught the Catholics that , while they may look , with confidence , to such powerful advocates , so long as they advance their claims with temper and constitutional deference to the authority of the state under which they live , they are not to rely upon a factious countenance and support , if they should attempt to extort , by intimidation , that boon , which we hope to grant to their 1045 prayer ; or should contumaciously refuse to receive it in the same temper in which it is intended to be proposed . Sure I am that this conduct of the advocates of the Catholics has contributed mainly to that favourable disposition , which I think I perceive