under circumstances of great difficulty . He had taken two important fortresses , in the presence of two armies , respectively equal in numbers to his own , and in such a way as to extort from the French commanders an acknowledgment , that all their preparations were rendered useless , and all their efforts foiled . Lord Wellington having done these services , which of themselves would have appeared most splendid in the career of an individual less illustrious than himself , and completed that task which had been the glorious object 153 of a former campaign , and expelled the enemy from the country of an ally always wound up in the interest and affections of England—Portugal . After this he had still a great object before him ; it was for him to direct his force so as to effect what he might be capable of doing for the interest of Spain , with a view to repel the invading army . Lord Wellington had now to compare his army with that of the enemy , and to deliberate on what would be the probable result of the campaign . Though the army under him was certainly both respectable and important , yet when he compared it with the means of the enemy , a very grave prospect appeared before him , and he certainly could not flatter himself with a result like that which had crowned his measures . The French armies were so strong , though the successes of lord Wellington had caused their strength to be frequently under-rated in this country , and indeed by the world at large ; that the gallant marquis did not expect to be enabled with his means to drive them out of Spain , ( as many sanguine persons did ) , but he felt that he might force them to abandon the military hold they had at that time ; that grasp of the country , on which alone the French must ground their hopes of ultimate success . These , unless they could now retain , he would venture to say they were farther off the consummation of their hopes , than at any period of the four years during which the war had been continued in the peninsula . He would repeat it , unless the moral subjugation of the people could be effected , which the military possession of the country could alone secure , the French were further from the end they had in view than at any period of the last four years . The noble lord did not look at that time to the complete expulsion of the enemy from Spain , and this he distinctly stated in his communications with his government ; he ( lord Castlereagh ) did not speak of what he might have written to individuals ; but to those under whom he served , the language of lord Wellington was this : `` If I can reduce the two fortresses ( Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz ) , and place Portugal under their protection , my next operation shall be directed to the south of Spain , to deprive the enemy of the resources they possess in Seville ; or if I oblige them to collect an army to defend them , I shall then compel them to raise the siege of Cadiz . If from Badajoz I can advance 154 into Andalusia , this will be my object . `` When lord Wellington had reduced Badajos , in consequence , certainly , of a circumstance for which he was not responsible , the delay on the part of the Spaniards to revictual Cindad Rodrigo , he was obliged to march to protect that fortress , and secure that interesting frontier of Portugal . The noble lord afterwards stated , that he did not altogether regret that circumstances had caused him to direct an operation in the north instead of the south , as he had intended ; and he hoped , as he found himself at the head of an army to which he could look with confidence for success in an action with Marmont ,