necessity for any such regulation as that which I an '' about to propose ; but I trust the House will not think that those matters , which even in private families are not left to the frail contingency of human life , ought to be left to such a contingency , in cases of so much greater importance . We have already experienced the mischief resulting from the want of a fixed rule to follow : and it is our duty to prevent the recurrence of those contests in which the power of the crown was torn in pieces for private and factious purposes . And I trust , Sir , I may depend upon having those with me who supported the doctrine once contended for by the late Mr. Fox , namely , that the crown of right , in cases of the incapacity of the reigning sovereign , devolves upon the heir : and I may also hope for the concurrence of those who opposed that doctrine ; for in the proceedings which they adopted , they acknowledged that they departed from the strict rules of the constitution ; but pleaded necessity as their apology . Then , Sir , it is surely their duty to prevent such a necessity from again recurring . The danger to the crown from the late proceedings , in regard to the Regency , must be obvious . The two Houses directed the Chancellor 715 to put the seal to an instrument appointing a person to exercise the royal functions ; and this they called giving the royal assent to that instrument . Now , Sir , what is there to prevent their making a similar use of the great seal , if they chose it , to alter the descent of the crown ? —nay , such a thing was in fact done by the parliament of Paris in the reign of Charles 6 . If the principle is once admitted , there is no limit to the mischief that may follow . In the interregnum that took place not long ago , they might have affixed the seal to bills of pains and penalties . The danger both to the crown and the subject is imminent ; and the House ought not to shut their eyes to that danger , but provide against it . My only object is to preserve the constitution . I do not wish to excite any contention . My sole view is to induce the House to be prepared , and not to wait till the necessity comes upon them , like an armed man , and forces them to subvert instead of upholding the royal authority . It is my wish to prevent the recurrence of the dire necessity of again raising the hideous phantom which was conjured up on a late occasion by the two Houses , to assist them in their distress , —a phantom which reminded one of the phantom described by the Poet , — —— '' The other shape , `` If shape it might be called which shape had none `` Distinguishable in member , joint , or limb ; `` And on its head a kingly crown it wore , `` While in its hand it shook a dreadful dart : '' But instead of the dart , the phantom which we have conjured up takes a fatal seal ; a seal certainly not less deadly to the constitution than the dart of the poet 's phantom to human life . In the great constitutional principles which I am desirous of establishing , I am supported by the authority of the Prince Regent himself , and by that of the royal family ; for it is well known , that in I810 , the royal dukes did protest against the proceedings adopted at that time , and were reviled , in the grossest manner , on that account , by the ministerial writers , who called them the College of Princes , and made use of other abusive terms , though the royal dukes , both as subjects , and as persons nearly connected with the