Slave Trade , six years had now elapsed since the two Houses of Parliament had united in a wish that applications should be made to foreign powers to procure the abolition of that inhuman traffic . He lamented , however , to observe , that the trade still continued to be carried on under the flags of our allies , Spain and Portugal , but he feared with a large proportion of British capital . He was anxious to know what steps had been taken , making use of the influence which we must naturally have in the councils of those allies , to procure the abolition of this disgraceful traffic , and whether , after the lapse of so long a period , any ne-gociation upon this point had at last been nearly brought to a termination ? He did not mean to impute neglect to his Majesty 's ministers , but it could not escape notice , that the majority of the Prince Regent 's council was now composed of those who were hostile to the abolition of this trade.—With respect to an Exchange of Prisoners , he was also anxious to know whether any steps had been taken subsequent to the last negociation , with a view to the attainment of this object ; and whether if it was found not attainable consistently with the honour and interests of the country , it was not intended by ministers to institute an investigation into the causes which had prevented the attainment of this object , so essential to the interests of humanity ? stated , with regard to an exchange of prisoners , that 319 every effort had been made by the Prince Regent 's government , consistently with the honour and interests of the country , to effect an object , which , in every point of view , was so highly desirable , but unfortunately in vain . That no proposition had lately been made by the enemy was to be accounted for by the events which had occurred during the last six months . As to the Slave Trade , however hostile he had been to the abolition of it , nevertheless when that abolition had become the law of the land , he became as anxious as any one , that foreign powers should also abolish the traffic . He assured their lordships that this object had not been lost sight of by any of the governments in power since the act of the legislature . There had been , however , great difficulties to encounter in the progress of the negociation , but with one of the powers alluded to , the negociation was in a train to lead him to hope that it would speedily be brought to a successful termination . With the other power greater difficulties had occurred , from the unsettled state of its government ; but the object had not been lost sight of , nor would any effort be wanting on the part of ministers , to bring the negociation to a successful termination . said , that in rising to move an Address in answer to his Royal Highness 's most gracious Message , he should perhaps have thought it only necessary to move the Address , leaving to that feeling which he was satisfied actuated the great majority of that House and the country , to express a concurrence in an object , which embodied so many sentiments congenial with , and characteristic of genuine British feeling . Understanding , however , that elsewhere some sentiment had been expressed hostile to the purpose of the Message , he felt it necessary to draw the attention of the House to the circumstances which gave rise to it . A greater exertion had been made by the ruler of France against Russia , than he had put forth against any other power . He had entered Russia with a force of not less than 360,000 men , including 60,000 cavalry , and this at a time when , from various circumstances , not now to be entered 320 into , one of which , however , was