No ! that chest 237 was altogether empty , and lord Wellington had been forced , at Madrid , to make a loan of a few thousand dollars . The officers of his army ( all except those of the very first rank ) were so destitute , that they had not even one piece of metal for the common comforts and necessaries of life . A material question had been asked , though the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not thought proper to answer it ; what price he gave for bills to remit abroad , and whether the premium did not make that very article disappear which was most wanted ? Robespierre had prohibited certain articles from being sold above a certain price , which caused those articles to vanish entirely from the market . Tokens had been issued from the Bank , and they had disappeared in proportion as the depreciation overtook the currency . He should be glad to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whether by connivance , or otherwise , the government bought guineas , while , at the same time , they were , by their attorney and solicitor , prosecuting , convicting , and punishing others for the same offence ? The right hon . gentleman had been applied to , and refused to act in contravention of his own law ; he nobly disdained the offer , but did he make any inquiries after the offender ? The guard of the coach had been taken and convicted ; and marked money and other means were employed for the detection of offenders ; but a man came with a friend offering to commit a breach of law with the Chancellor of the Exchequer : and no enquiries were made ; no marked guineas issued . Thus the only avenue being stopped for those guineas , they would be necessarily hoarded : but abolish the law , and gold would find its real value , and come in plenty to the market . In the mean time public credit would be ruined , for St. Paul 's might as well stand without a foundation , as public credit without a metallic currency . The hon . gentleman concluded by saying that he should vote for the Amendment . denied most solemnly , as he had done on a former night , that agents were employed , either directly or indirectly , by government , to purchase guineas . The man alluded to , and who had offered 27,000 for sale , was not prosecuted , because it was supposed he had no criminal intentions . The last price paid by government for bills to the continent was 67 pence per milrea . was unwilling to allow the motion to go to a division without shortly stating the reasons that induced him to abstain from voting against a bill , the general principle of which was , without qualification , in direct opposition to all those long-established maxims of political economy , the soundness of which , until the last few years , no man in that House or in the country had ventured to question . Every measure brought before the legislature might be considered in two points of view ; the one with reference to the general and abstract principle of right or expediency , the other with reference to any system already established , from which the measure might be said necessarily to emanate . It was in that last point of view , as proceeding from the principle adopted by the House after mature deliberation—a principle the adoption of which he had resisted to the best of his power—that he felt bound to acquiesce in the Bill . He had always contended , that the steps which had been subsequently taken must be the necessary consequences of the first step—that memorable resolution to which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had persuaded the House to come , namely , that the paper currency and the gold coin of the realm were , in public estimation , of equal value . On that