and the American government had thought proper to commence hostilities . War was , he would confess , a thing always to be deplored , but as the endeavours to avoid it had been unavailing , he willingly anticipated on the part of this country , that union and energy in the prosecution of it , which the enemy would not fail to employ on their part . He doubted not but the voice both of the House and of the country would concur in the determination to prosecute it with vigour . With respect to the troubles that had lately prevailed in the northern parts of the country , he could not but congratulate the House upon their removal , which was to be attributed to the mild and early measures adopted by the government . The time was now , he hoped , arrived , when a 61 more vigorous resistance might be expected to the power and the encroachments of France . It was by a resistance strong and persevering , and by such resistance only , that they could hope for a lasting and honourable peace . Such a peace was only to be won by impressing upon the enemy a conviction of their power to resist his efforts ; and it was only by such a peace that they could give to the exhausted powers of Europe , safely , independence , and prosperity . A pause of some length here ensued . The question was put , and was about to be carried without discussion , when rose , and spoke to the following effect : Sir ; I have no intention to interrupt the unanimity with which the question in your hand seems about to be carried . I have waited until the very last moment in the expectation that the rumour which has been so currently circulated of an amendment to be proposed from another quarter , would be realised ; having myself no amendment to offer ; and wishing for the convenience of the order of debate , to follow rather than to precede the speech of the hon . gentleman who was expected to propose one . But no such preposition being made , and the question being put from the chair , I can not allow it to pass without explaining the grounds on which I concur in the Address that has been moved , and the qualifications with which I feel my self bound to accompany that concurrence . Sir , whatever amendment , if any , had been proposed , I should have felt , that under the circumstances of the time , and under the circumstances in which the House and the country are placed , it would have been desirable , in making our decision between two different forms of address , to decide in favour of that which would least pledge our judgment , and would allow the greatest freedom to our future deliberations . In the first session of a new parliament , —a parliament too in which there is a greater infusion of new members than is ordinarily seen on a change in the representation ; in a state of public affairs so complicated as that in which the country is at this moment placed , —when we are called upon to answer a speech from the throne , embracing so many important topics , upon many of which enquiry and information may be requisite , it would have been highly undesirable that this House 62 should pledge itself , in any way , by a precipitate decision ; and as any amendment that could have been proposed , would in all probability have been more precise than the Address moved by the noble lord , I should undoubtedly have preferred the original Address to such an amendment . The Address , so far as I have been able to collect its tendency , very properly abstains from pledging the House to any thing farther , than that to which every individual in the House , and every individual in the country , must be ready to testify an instant and cordial