. That this motion 898 should be rejected , and that after the return of those two right hon . gentlemen to the discharge of their official duties in Ireland , a disturbance should break out in some part of that country—Tipperary for instance , and that a deputation should be sent up to Dublin to communicate with government upon the subject . Well , Sir , we will suppose the deputation arrived at the castle of Dublin , and ushered into the presence of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . They communicate to him the cause of their visit , he receives them with great civility , —but he of course must say , `` I am very much concerned to hear that there are disturbances in Tipperary ; I foresaw all this , I told the government , I told parliament what would be the consequence if they would not consider the claims of the Catholics , but they would not listen to me—you had better go to the Chief Secretary and consult him ; he was one of those whose advice has brought all this about . '' Well , away go the deputies two or three steps higher to wait upon my other half , the Chief Secretary , who upon hearing their story will exclaim , `` Why , you really astonish me , what can the Catholics want ? I thought every thing had been settled by the last special commission , but we must consult the Attorney General upon this business . '' The Attorney General is immediately sent for , but being out of the way the Solicitor General comes to the Castle , and the case is stated to him . My friend Mr. Bushe expresses his concern at the intelligence , but adds , — '' You may remember I told you twelve months ago what would happen , if you did not change your system , why do you send to me ? you had better consult Mr. Saurin , the Attorney General , upon this business ; he is a man after your own heart . '' Such , Sir , will be the distracted state of the councils ; such will be the situation of Ireland , if the claims of the Catholics are not considered . I really feel for the situation of those right hon . gentlemen , I feel for the situation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and I equally feel for that of my other half , the Chief Secretary . When those right hon . gentlemen succeeded me in office , they found a system of reform in progress in almost every branch of the public service . It is well known that when any plans of that kind are attempted , innumerable obstacles are immediately thrown in the way , and the greatest perseverance and closest atten- 899 tion are necessary to ensure their success , but how can the attention of the government be bestowed upon such points when the chief members of it are at Variance , upon the most important subject , which can claim their consideration.—Sir , there is a very great difference between the present period and the time when I was in office.— ( Here there was great cheering from Mr. Ryder , Mr. Peel and Mr . Fitzgerald . ) When the right hon . gentlemen have done cheering , I will explain what I mean . When I filled the offices alluded to , the cabinet were unanimously of opinion that it was not a proper time to bring forward the Catholic : claims—and the government of Ireland acted under that opinion . Since that period , however , my noble friend ( Castlereagh ) has changed his ; but , at the time , which I speak of , that noble lord was of the same opinion as myself , and of the same opinion as the cabinet , by whose directions I acted . But is he now acting with that cabinet ? Is the right hon . gentleman , the Chief Secretary , acting under a cabinet agreed