( and let it be remembered that the justice of the claim rested on their simple declaration ) was 3,500 . When a 602 similar application was made at the commencement of the present year ( a considerable number having been discharged in the mean time ) , the return was less by several hundreds . But although 3,500 individuals asserted their claim to discharge on the ground of their being citizens of America , the House must be informed , that on ordinary occasions , it was found that the proportion of those who could establish their claim on any tolerable ground whatever , in cases of examination , was about one in four . Let it be supposed , however , that one half of the number so claiming , really were , or established themselves , by proof , to be American citizens . It would follow , that in the great extent of our navy , there were 16 or 1700 individuals , who were there contrary to the wishes of his majesty 's government , and who had some rational ground for demanding their liberation , on the ground of their being subjects of the United States . Now , could the House believe that there was any man so infatuated—or that the British empire was driven to such straits , that for such a paltry consideration as 1,700 sailors , his Majesty 's government would needlessly irritate the pride of a neutral nation , or violate that justice which was due from one country to another ? He trusted , that when America duly considered the subject , she would see that Great Britain could have no illicit reason whatever for her conduct ; and that the object of Great Britain , in insisting upon the right of search , was not to acquire American seamen , but the much broader and more important one of guarding herself from being deprived of her own . He must be permitted to say ( and in saying it he meant no undue offence to the American government ) , that nothing had appeared in the councils or conduct of the United States , with respect to the large interests of the world at this most important period , to inspire this country with confidence , or to justify his Majesty 's government in putting the interests of Great Britain into the hands of the American government , with the expectation that they would be maintained with friendship and fidelity . Nevertheless , so mitigated had been the conduct of his Majesty 's government on the point in question , that the Admiralty had always directed our officers not to press seamen professing to be American-born who were found on board American vessels with certificates signed by the collector of the 603 customs of an American port , and included in the certificated lists of the crew . It was , however , well known that these certificates were readily and fraudulently obtained , and granted to a degree perfectly inconsistent with any disposition on the part of the American government , and of the American officers , to counteract the abuse of which Great Britain complained . They were granted with a laxity which threw a deep stain on the character of the government of a country professing to rank among civilized nations . In two of the principal ports of America , New York and Philadelphia , the system of obtaining false certificates from the collectors was so disgracefully open , that in the former of those ports the collector one day allowed an old woman to qualify a whole host of seamen for receiving them , by swearing that she knew they were American citizens . The transaction proceeded to such a length that the very clerk remonstrated against its base ness , and appealed to the collector as to the possible credibility of the witness . The reply of the collector was , that it was no business of his , for that he was only ministerial in the affair ; and the old woman continued during the whole of the day to