in that part of it which was more immediately affected by it—I mean Ireland . Sir ; it is indeed impossible that we can now enter into the consideration of this subject , without bearing in mind the effect that must have been produced , and the expectations that must naturally have been raised in Ireland by the Resolution finally adopted by the House last year , after so many discussions . It is , however , the duty of the House to take into its most serious consideration the precise state of this most important question , and to ascertain what are now the feelings of the people of Ireland with regard to the claims of the Roman Catholics . In entering upon this subject , it is necessary that we should recollect all that has passed between the government of Ireland and the Catholic committee during the last two years . The situation in which the question at present stands , arises , in a great degree , out of those transactions . During the course of those events , in which from my official situation , I necessarily 891 took a very prominent part , I did repeatedly and distinctly complain of the misrepresentations which were industriously circulated with respect to the measures which were pursued by the Irish government towards what I called then , and what I still must call , the Catholic convention ( for a complete convention it was , representing the three estates of the Catholics ) . It was said , that the object of that government was not to preserve tranquillity and to enforce due obedience to the laws , but to prevent the Catholics from petitioning ; this , as I have on former occasions , I now again most solemnly deny . Sir , the government of Ireland at that period had no wish to prevent the Roman Catholics from exercising their right of petitioning , provided they did it in a legal manner : there was no disposition to interfere with the Catholics , if they did not violate the law , as the law was explained by the law officers of the crown , both in Great Britain and Ireland . The steps that were taken were such as the government would have adopted with regard to any other class of his Majesty 's subjects , under similar circumstances , excepting that they would have acted more promptly with others than they did with the Catholics , the peculiarity of whose situation was considered as demanding some indulgence . It was therefore , I repeat it , a gross misrepresentation of the conduct of the Irish government to say that they made any attempt , or entertained any wish to stifle the Catholic voice , or to prevent the Catholic body from petitioning . Those clamours , however , as they were not founded in truth , have subsided ; but it can not be denied , that the conduct of the government , whether right or wrong , did create a great ferment , and did lead to most important results . One of the first results which it produced was , the suppression of the Catholic committee . It is now no more . It is true that from that committee has arisen the Catholic board ; but this board differs most essentially from the committee ; it differs in the numbers of which it is constituted ; in some degree in the tone which it has assumed ; and it does not menace the country with the dangers which were to be apprehended from the continual sittings of a convention . This , therefore , I consider as a most fortunate result which has been produced by the measures to which I have alluded . Another result has been—the Roman Catholics assembling in every part of the 892 kingdom in a legal way to express their sentiments , and to state their grievances . An opinion prevailed , that it was only the higher classes of the Roman Catholics , who were anxious for emancipation , and that the lower orders were perfectly