assisting the police ; and for this our own cavalry ought to be employed in preference to foreigners . He had always heard that the foreign cavalry had greatly distinguished themselves in every action , and that they had shewn themseves equal , —for it was impossible to be superior , —to our own . Why , then , were not more of them sent abroad , when we had such an abundance of them ? In all points of view there seemed to him to have been no necessity for sending 1168 the life guards . No difficulty had ever existed in recruiting the cavalry . We did not want the aid of foreign cavalry for domestic purposes , to which our own cavalry was much more competent . While we retained 2,340 foreign cavalry at home , we had only 1,800 in the peninsula ; although all military men concurred in highly estimating their zeal and gallantry . The noble lord had said , that the augmentation would cost but 28,000l . a-year . This , let it be observed , was for subsistence alone . It was a large and disproportionate sum . It would be observed that the augmentation of 160 men to the life guards occasioned an increase of 9,253l . for subsistence alone , while an augmentation of 210 men to a light dragoon regiment cost only 6,000l . But this was not the only expence which these additional troops would entail on the country . Only last year a barrack was asked for these regiments at the expence of 150,000l . and notwithstanding the enormous ex-pence , this question was carried by the ministry , but afterwards postponed to a future period . If they persisted in the erection of this barrack , the new troops would entail an additional expence of more than 100,000l . on the country . At a moment of such pressure as the present , any augmentation of the household troops was impolitic , and contrary to all precedent . The next point in the Estimates to which he should allude , was an omission . The estimates of the present year did not state , as had always been done in the estimates of former years , the respective force employed at home and abroad . This was essentially necessary . The force serving at home had been gradually decreasing for some years . In 1810 , it amounted to 133,000 men . Last year , it had been only 63,000 . No doubt , in the present year it was still less , the circumstances of the war rendering it unnecessary to retain troops in the country . The consequence was , that a smaller staff became necessary at home . When the noble lord , therefore , stated that the staff abroad had considerably and necessarily increased , he ought to have been able to inform the House , that the staff at home had been considerably and necessarily diminished . But the expence was vast in every branch . If this had arisen from an increased establishment abroad , he should not have been so much surprised at its amount . If we had now 100,000 men abroad , he could not expect that the expence of the 1169 staff for such an army should be no greater than when our army abroad amounted only to 30,000 or 40,000 men . This , however , was not the case , and our great staff establishment did not belong to our army abroad , but to our army at home . In the year 1809 our army for home defence amounted to 140,000 men , now it amounted only to 50,000 , and yet our staff establishment at home was at . the present moment , quite as great as it was in the year 1809 . We had , indeed , nothing but staff ; there was nothing else to be seen . Major-generals and lieutenant-generals met our eyes on all hands , without any thing for them to command . This was the case not only in cavalry but in infantry . Retrenchment