not object to the motion of the noble lord . Upon the order of the day being read for going into a committee upon the Bill , again rose , and addressed the House upon the subject of this measure . He was the more induced to state his sentiments , in consequence of what had fallen from the noble and learned lord . The noble and learned lord had intimated his surprize , that no other measure had been proposed by him instead of that recommended in the present Bill . With respect to himself , he did not consider his knowledge equal to the task ; and he deemed the argument a little extraordinary which would infer , that because he did not possess that legal knowledge which was most competent to suggest the fittest plan to be adopted , it was to be inferred that he could not consistently state his objections to the one proposed . The noble and learned lord would do him the justice to recollect , that on a former occasion he had not publicly , but privately , communicated to him his objections to the present measure . This was , however , a serious subject , as it affected the state and the law of the country ; and although he was afraid he might discover ignorance in his own ideas respecting it , yet , when he saw the noble and learned lord so anxious to push this measure in the absence of those who could have more ably pointed out its impropriety , he felt himself particularly called upon to express his objections to the Bill . With respect to all that had been stated as to the magnitude of the evil complained of , and the immediate necessity for its being remedied , he and the noble and learned lord were perfectly agreed ; but he entertained very serious objections against the mode now recommended , not because it would bean unconstitutional measure—no , he had formerly stated that this would be a material alteration in the constitution of this country , and certainly he thought so still—but with all the admiration he ever should cherish for the British constitution , he would be ever ready to acquiesce in any alteration which should be proved to be necessary , and likely to be effectual for the purposes for which it was intended . He begged , 185 in speaking upon this subject , to be plainly understood , and that when he mentioned his objections , he meant them not to apply to the noble and learned lord who presided on the woolsack , for whom no one could entertain a higher opinion . With regard to that high office , no one was more anxious that it should be rewarded with a salary commensurate to its importance , and its utility in the constitution . In saying this , nevertheless , he lamented that a part of the income of that office arose from bankruptcies—from the distressed property of the subjects of the country . Not one farthing of this income did he desire to see retrenched ; but it would be more satisfactory to the person filling that high office , that this portion of his income should arise to him by a direct grant in another manner . Perhaps if an officer were appointed to administer the bankrupt laws , instead of the lord chancellor , it might relieve that high officer so much as to enable him to dispatch the business of that House and the Court of Chancery . But he felt strong objections to the division of the office of lord high chancellor itself . That office he regarded as one most important in the state , and one most useful to the country . As it was now constituted , it could not be filled by an incompetent person ; it must be filled by one deeply imbued with legal knowledge ; and he left it for the House to consider how important it must ever be to the state , that such a person should have a seat in the