of the Dutch troops in the service of king William , although that great sovereign and benefactor of the country descended almost to supplicate on his knees the House of Commons to allow him to retain his own guards , they would not permit it as soon as the necessity for their presence ceased to exist . Calling all this to mind , he could not consider apprehensions upon such a subject altogether groundless ; and he was convinced that , not with an unwise and unprecedented zeal , but in the spirit that had thus grown up with the constitution itself , it would have behoved every man in that House to look at the Order in question , had its purport been such , as until that night it had universally been supposed to be . Although he certainly was not in the habit of paying the noble lord who had made the present motion many compliments , he could by no means indulge in any sneer against him , for having brought under the consideration of parliament a document so enigmatical , as even to deceive the companion in arms of those to whom it related . On the contrary , he thought the noble lord was in the present instance entitled to the gratitude of the House and the country , for having produced the explanation which had been afforded by the noble Secretary at War , and for having thus put him ( Mr. Canning ) in a situation which permitted him , instead of supporting the noble lord 's motion , to pay him a compliment , and vote against it . rose in reply . He said that if he was pleased at some things which he had heard that night , he was beyond measure ashamed at other things which he had heard . When he had seen our young men and officers adopting German dresses , and Germanizing themselves as much as possible , undertaking every thing German , and so attached to the fashion of the day as in deference to it to cast off every thing English , he felt disgust at it ; but when he now heard the German soldiers preferred to the British from a high authority , he felt the greatest pain . When a gallant general said that they were better than the British— rose to order , and said , he had never made such an assertion . He had only spoken of one corps , the first Hussars , whom he stated as the admiration of the army . continued . He understood him distinctly to have spoken of other military departments also , in which he had given the preference to the Germans . The compliment to the Germans he considered rather extravagant ; but the gallant general having denied the words imputed to him , he should relinquish that topic , and proceed to advert to the speech of the noble Secretary at War , who had taken occasion this night to reply to statements and arguments which he had brought before the last parliament . But the reply of the noble Secretary he felt to be quite ineffective , first , as to the statement that baron Linsingen commanded the eastern district ; he maintained that it was correctly true , that this baron , as commander of the district , ordered out the garrison of Ipswich ( among which garrison were some English militia ) , in order to review it , and that he had done several other acts in the quality of commander of the district . But baron Linsingen was not the only foreign officer in such a situation , for there were in fact four or five other foreigners invested with such commands . Thus was the Act of Settlement outraged ; but it had become a habit with certain persons to treat acts of parliament : with evasion and indifference , as in the present instance , where though the law expressly prohibited such employment of these foreign officers , and stated that they were only to be allowed commands in their own