the 14th , whether we consider the vastness of his plans , the consum-mateness of his skill , his exhaustless resources , or his remorseless application of them—but if our dangers are aggravated , our means of safety are increased . William the 3rd was obliged to watch with a jealous eye , the movements of one half of his subjects , whilst he employed the energies of the other . We have it in our power to unite them all , by one great act of national justice . If we do not wantonly and obstinately fling away the means , which God 's providence has placed within our grasp , we may bring the energies of all our people , with one hand and heart , to strike against the common enemy . Sir , there is a kind of circular reasoning which seems , at some public meetings , to pass for full proof . They say that this measure invades the constitution , because it endangers the church ; and they say it 809 endangers the church , because it invades the constitution . Sir , it is not sought to affect the church establishment—to take away its possessions , to degrade its rank , nor to touch its emoluments . Its doctrines and its discipline are not interfered with . This is no attempt to include the Catholic within the pale of the Protestant Church , nor to give him any share in its establishment . What is meant by the cry ? Is it that the measure will be immediately injurious to the church , or that it will endanger the church , by enabling the Catholics hereafter to overturn it ? In the first point of view the only immediate effect it has , is to open the honors of the state , to all other descriptions of subjects , as well as to those who profess the established religion : is it meant to be argued that the Protestant religion will be deserted , unless a temporal bonus is held out to those who adhere to it ? —do they mean to recruit for the establishment , by a bounty from the state ? The supposition is too abhorrent from the spirit of Christianity , and too degrading to the dignity of the church.—Then as to danger—the overthrow of the Protestant establishment—how is this to be effected ? in parliament or out of parliament ? by force or by legislation ? If by force , how does the removal of civil disabilities enable them ? does it not make it much more unlikely that they should make the attempt ? and , if they should make it , will not the removal of the real grievance deprive them of the co-operation of the moderate and of the honest ? If the latter , is it really apprehended that the number of members let in , would be strong enough to over-rule the Protestants , and force a law to pull down the establishment ? Would you have the returns much more favourable to the Catholics than they are at present ? If the entire 100 Irish members were to be Catholics , could such a measure , in the range of human possibility , be successful , or could it seriously enter into the contemplation of any man in his senses ? The apprehension , when it undergoes the test of close examination , is perfectly chimerical : these are not the fruits of the wholesome caution of statesmen , but the reveries of disordered brains . But if you reject this measure now , and postpone it to times of difficulty and danger , will the interests of the Protestant church be better guarded ? Grant it now , and you grant it as a matter of grace , to which you may annex every fair and reasonable condition ; but if you find 810 it necessary to resort to it in some hour of dismay and adversity , when the storm is blowing and the public institutions are rocking and toppling , will the establishment be perfectly secure ? Again