of terror , though the contrary can be proved to be the fact . I regret I feel myself so often constrained to go over the same beaten track—but it is but too necessary.—Resolutions proceeding from such authority and recognising the principle of the fitness and justice of the interference of the executive government , in ascertaining the loyalty of any individual proposed to fill a vacant Roman Catholic see , ought to be fully ascertained upon the records of such a committee . I have no hesitation in saying that I think the end proposed by those 1219 prelates might have been obtained by means more consonant to the feelings and credit of the Roman Catholic clergy , than by those proposed.—The prelates proposed to go the length of a canonical election before they intimated to government the name of the individual who was in their contemplation , and if that individual was afterwards objected to—he was thrown back upon the second order of clergy , and the prelates proceeded to a new election . The obvious inconvenience and painful result to the individual rejected , might be readily obviated by submitting to government , in the first instance , a list of all those persons whom they considered eligible , and proceeding to election from the reduced list , should it happen to be reduced , which I should conceive would very rarely or ever be the case in future . By adopting such an arrangement there would have been no necessity , even upon their own principles , to have consulted the see of Rome before they applied for the faculties of institution.—A sketch of regulations which I drew up on this principle I have heretofore observed was severely animadverted upon by Mr. C. Keogh , in a pamphlet which suggested , what he considered a more advisable mode , which was that of a Veto upon the election of the bishops , exercised by all the Catholic population , `` simul `` taneously polled in all the parishes . `` —Such was the Veto of Mr. Keogh . My right hon . friend the member for Liverpool has adverted , and much to my satisfaction , to the necessity of adopting a regulation of which I have uniformly been the strenuous advocate , namely , a controul upon the intromission of pontifical bulls and rescripts . I have ever considered a regulation of this description as offering a much greater security in itself than an original controul over ecclesiastical nominations , and highly necessary to accompany it.—In looking to the adoption of such a regulation I have the authority of every Catholic state in Europe , as well as those of the reformed churches . In the last recess of parliament I represented to the noble viscount on the Treasury-bench , with whom , as I have before stated in this House , I had the honour of being in correspondence on this subject anterior to the Union , that I was anxious to receive further information through the medium of his Majesty 's ministers , accredited to such courts with whom we retained any foreign relations . His lordship obligingly acceded to my request , and all the answers I have 1220 received to the questions transmitted to them have completely verified the information I before obtained , and added many highly interesting facts . The right to the crown both as to nominations to the episcopacy , and a controul over all papal rescripts , is still scrupulously adhered to in the kingdom of Sicily : a royal dispatch of the 22d Feb. 1779 , extended the power so far as to prevent any of the king 's subjects applying to the see of Rome for briefs of dispensation in the first instance , without the consent of the king , and also extended to all monastical orders in points of government . The court of the Monarchia , in Sicily , which has supreme jurisdiction in ecclesiastical matters , is regulated by a judge of his majesty 's nomination . It would here be too tedious to enter into the details of those