allowed that such measures as the one now proposed , should generally proceed from the government ; but there might be cases , where , if parliament was moved to the consideration of them , it was fully competent to them to determine them , even although government might be unwilling to invite their attention to the subject . As to the contingency itself , it did not appear to him so improbable as it seemed to some gentlemen ; for all knew , that although his Majesty was afflicted with a severe mental malady , which made him incapable of exercising the functions of royalty , yet that he enjoyed as sound health as any man of his age , and that there was a great probability of his living for many years . If that was the case , there only stood one life between us and all the difficulties which had been experienced on two former occasions . Supposing that event to take place , he thought that it would be too much for any member to expect , that his individual arguments would be able to induce parliament to act differently from the mode they had adopted on the two former occasions . He supposed , that in such a case , parliament would act according to the precedents then laid down . The proposition of the hon . baronet , which was now under their consideration , was not for determining the quantity of power to be given to a future Regent , nor for declaring who should be that Regent : it was merely a motion for 721 leave to bring in a Bill to provide against any interruption of the royal authority , in the case of the contingency taking place which was stated . Now it appeared to him , that if this motion was granted , and the Bill brought in , parliament would have it in its power , without departing from the principles established in the former instances , to make such provisions as would ( should the case occur ) remove a great deal of the difficulties which were experienced in the former instances , and enable the government to put itself into activity in a much shorter space of time . As he thought that this good might arise from allowing the hon . baronet to bring in his Bill , he should vote in favour of the motion . trusted that he should be able to shew , that there was not a sufficient necessity to induce the prudence of the House to agree to the motion before them . He allowed that the hon . baronet had brought the subject forward with great candour and fairness . The hon . baronet , however , who had been induced by his constitutional view of the subject to bring forward the present motion , appeared to him to be more anxious to destroy the authority of the parliamentary proceedings in the two former instances , than to provide for the contingency he had stated . He appeared to think it of the greatest importance , to rebut and subvert all the principles which the House had laid down upon that subject ; and to get rid of what he considered a pernicious precedent . For his part , he had a view of the subject directly opposite . He thought that it was a benefit , and a blessing to the country , that the great constitutional difficulties which attended this subject had been removed , and the point settled on the fullest discussion , which was afterwards revised upon the late occasion ; and in which the greatest legal and constitutional learning had been displayed . He considered that those precedents would be a great protection to the country , hereafter , from similar difficulties . He allowed that parliament had a right to enter into such considerations without a message from the crown ; but it was always for their prudence to consider , whether they should expose themselves to a conflict with the crown upon the point ? In any thing respecting money ,