desolating ambition . Sir , there is no man who can contemplate the recent occurrences in the north of Europe without feeling his heart burn within him . There is no man who can contemplate them without exulting at the defeat of those principles of false philosophy which , having first misled the world , have at length deceived those by whom they were originally asserted . The invader of Russia flattered himself , as the noble mover of the Address has justly observed , that a nation , to which he affixed the appellation of barbarous , and which he pictured to 64 himself as in a condition of degrading and disheartening servitude , could entertain no generous and patriotic sentiment . He had yet to learn , that there is a principle of instinctive patriotism , which prevails even over the vice of positive institutions ; he had to learn that in spite of the doctrines , and it may be added of too many of the events of the last twenty years , it is not an universal truth that before the people of any country determine to resist an invader , they coldly speculate on all the possible improvements to be made by regenerating laws in the actual condition of their society , that they refuse to draw a sword in defence of their altars or their fire-sides , until they have weighed well the question , whether they be worth defending , and entered at full leisure and with all imaginable research into a comparative anatomy of various political constitutions . Sir , the invader of Russia has found that the natural feelings of man , the sacred attachment to home , the ties of custom , of family , of kindred , are enough to arouse resistance to a foreign invader , come though he may with splendid promises of freedom and improvement ; that he may be resisted , and gallantly and effectually resisted , by those whom he proposes to regenerate , not merely because it may be apprehended that he might not realize those promises , but simply because he is a foreigner and an invader . Sir , if this were to be the sole result of what has taken place in the north , it would be an invaluable addition to , —or rather it would be a timely and salutary revival of , those ancient maxims of national independence , which the convulsions of the modern world have almost buried in oblivion . But is this all ? Can any man who looks at the present condition of Buonaparté , with what wonderful ability soever he may have rescued himself from former difficulties , ( and I am sure , I am not disposed to deny him the possession of stupendous ability ) but can any man look at his present condition , and so chastise his feelings as not to entertain a sanguine hope of events most decisively favourable to the general cause of Europe ? This , Sir , is the view which I at least take of this subject . So far as I can be apprised of the circumstances , I give full credit to ministers for the conduct which they appear to have pursued towards Russia—in what regards the commencement of the war , and for ( what I 65 take for granted to be ) their intention to give to the emperor of Russia every possible aid in the prosecution of the war , when once begun . I understand them to have abstained from any advice or interference tending to urge the emperor of Russia to embark in a war , which , had it been carried on with ordinary means , or in an ordinary spirit—had it not been national—had it not been a war of the people as well as of the government , —must ere now have led to his ruin . I give them credit at the same time for having hailed with admiration and delight , the first symptoms of such a determined spirit on the part both of the government and of the people of