principle of a Concordat established between his holiness and this government . To that plan—to the plan of consulting the Pope at all , —of negotiating with him , with a foreign power , on behalf of a portion of the subjects of this crown , I object decidedly . Great mischiefs too , I think , would arise from now forbearing to reduce I our projects ( be they what they may ) into the shape of a Bill . Hope on the one side , and fear on the other side , will be busy in exaggeration during the period of uncertainty . I am therefore desirous that the measure should be as early as possible before the country , in a definite shape ; that they may have some thing capable of being seen , felt , touched and handled . If the Bill can not ( for any reason ) pass into a law this year , then I think that something between the propositions of the right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) , and of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , would per- 1069 haps be desirable . The Bill prepared and brought in by the right hon . mover might , after the second reading , be filled up , pro forma , in a committee , and then be permitted to be over till another session . But of these points it is hardly possible to judge , till we shall have made some progress in the work , to which we are now ( I hope ) approaching . Come what will , I am convinced that we shall never have occasion to regret any step which we may take in fulfilment of the promise of the last House of Commons , so much as we should the rejection of a measure , on which the attention and anxiety of the public have been suspended for so many years ; which there is now no impediment to our entertaining , and which our predecessors in this House solemnly pledged themselves to entertain . Sir , the name of Mr. Pitt having been introduced by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Tomline ) , who spoke early in this debate , and who is in every way entitled to the courtesy of this House , I can not pass it over in silence . The hon . gentleman , a young member of parliament , commenced his first address to us in a manner rather extraordinary , by stating , that he rose to set the House right , in regard to a fact ; —a fact certainly not within his own memory or knowledge , and upon which , therefore , he could only set us right , either by adducing some other authority in support of his version of it , or by reasoning . He quoted no other authority ; and his reasoning was this , —that , as Mr. Pitt had not latterly thought it right to bring forward the Catholic question , he therefore must have changed his opinion upon it . Now this argument might possibly have weight some centuries hence , provided no records or recollection remained of any of the circumstances of Mr. Pitt 's last administration ; but at present , while there are so many even in this House who had the opportunity of hearing that great state man declare his own reasons for the abstinence which he undoubtedly practised in respect to the Catholic question , the conclusion of the hon . gentleman can hardly be expected to meet with an implicit acquiescence . On the 14th of May 1805 , Mr. Pitt delivered , in this House , his then opinions and wishes on the subject of the admission of the Roman Catholic to the franchises of the constitution . I have once before had occasion to quote them in this House , when his authority was once before quoted 1070 against his opinion . The record is , according to the best of my recollection , pretty faithful . I am sure the substance is