feelings , who after having spent the greater part of their lives and wasted their fortunes in the service of their country , find the privilege of leading her gallant bands to victory , that privilege , the hope of enjoying which had sweetened so many hours of toil and dancer , suddenly wrested from their grasp in favour of persons only just entered the service , and natives of a foreign land ? —The 254 noble lord concluded by stating , that in consequence of the explanation which had been given of the Order , he would change the nature of his motion . The motion which he originally intended to have made was merely for papers : but he would with the leave of the House submit a motion , which should extort from the War-office such an interpretation of the Order , such an exposition of their own meaning , as to convince the officers of the British army , that they would not receive that injury and insult , which they at present believed was intended , and would undeceive the German Legion as to the boon which they supposed had been bestowed upon them.— [ His lordship here consulted with the gentlemen about him . ] —He then stated that he was not prepared to submit the motion , to which he had alluded , that evening , and it was suggested , by several of his friends , that the best way would be , as a ground-work for his ultimate object , to confine himself to a part of his original motion , which he would do . His lordship then moved— '' That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to order that , there be laid before the . House copies of all Orders issued from the War-office , respecting the rank of the officers serving in the King 's German Legion . '' said , if the laconic explanation he had been permitted to give , had so far altered the view which the noble lord had taken of the subject , as to cause him to vary , in a considerable degree , the course he at first intended to pursue , he could not help flattering himself , that if he had been suffered to answer the noble lord 's speech , before he made it , or rather , to have explained the terms , of the Order , he might have spared him some trouble , though the House would have been thereby deprived of the advantage of listening to his eloquence and his humour . This speech was entirely grounded upon misconception . He apprehended the difference between him and the noble lord arose from a source which often occasioned disagreement—it proceeded from a mere dissimilarity of opinion as to the meaning of certain words , which could very readily be rectified . Here there was a misconception of the word 'permanent , ' not unnatural with those who were not acquainted with the technical terms of the British army , a knowledge of which was sufficient to settle the 255 whole question . The words temporary and permanent were only used to point out different ranks , contra-distinguished in one respect , but not in others , which might be applied in the ordinary acceptation of the words . Permanent rank was that which was common to every officer in the British army—temporary rank varied from it , and was conferred on those who raised men , or performed other services , for the purpose of obtaining high commissions , without proceeding by the previous steps to promotion , and were precluded from precedence and command , except in the particular corps in which the rank was obtained . It did not , generally , confer promotion in the brevet of the army , nor did it , as it ceased with the reduction of the corps in which it was given , entitle the person holding it to half pay . So far the noble lord might be well-founded in his