to the Catholics , will not be likely to pro-mote cordial union between them and their Protestant brethren ; if not favourable , will infallibly prejudice future discussions , and will compel us to consider them as appeals to the same tribunal , from its own decision , passed after mature consideration , and after an enquiry entered into , avowedly for the purpose of making a final and conciliatory arrangement . I can not understand in what respects the present motion of the right hon . gentleman differs from those , which he has 907 been in the habit of annually submitting to the House , and against which the House has as frequently decided . One objection , indeed , to his former propositions , the right hon . gentleman has attempted to obviate . He has been desired to produce something specific , and has now obeyed the call , by explaining to us the outline of a Bill , which he has it in contemplation to produce . The specific plan is at length announced to us , and it is simply this , that every distinction , arising from religious tenets , is to be done away ; every disability and disqualification to be removed ; every avenue to office and to power , with the exception of the throne , is to be unbarred . Two words will describe this specific measure , this is the `` simple repeal , '' according to the modern language of the Catholics , or to borrow a phrase from the right hon . gentleman , this is to `` greatly emancipate . '' The right hon . gentleman is clear and intelligible as to the extent of his concessions ; but the securities and safeguards , which are to accompany them , are enveloped in utter mystery . One security , indeed , the right hon . gentleman is willing to grant us , the exclusion of the Catholics from the throne . I was struck with the air of triumph with which the right hon . gentleman rose , after my right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) had requested that that part of the Bill of Rights should be read , which enacts that a Protestant alone can succeed to the throne of this realm . See , says the right hon . gentleman , how groundless , bow feeble your alarms , why , I will recite , and recognise in my Bill , the principle of that enactment ; nay , in the very preamble , you shall find an admission in favour of the established religion , and ample security for the Protestantism of the sovereign . Sir , we do not want such recitals and recognitions ; we want no preamble nor clause in a modern act of parliament to assure us that the Protestant religion is the religion of the state , and that we are absolved from our allegiance to a Catholic sovereign . We do not want to hunt through the statute book , for the laws on which the constitution is founded , nor to be referred , from the Bill of Rights , by a note in the margin , to an act passed in the 53d Geo . 3 , c. 5 , ยง 2 , commonly called `` Mr. Grattan 's Act . '' But , according to the right hon . gentleman , the Protestants are actuated , in their 908 opposition to the Catholics , by narrow motives of exclusion , or by the bigoted spirit of a sect . I remember the insidious comparison which the right hon . gentleman drew between the petitions of the respective parties . `` The Catholics , '' says the right hon . gentleman , `` petition for the ascendancy of the law , the Protestants for the ascendancy of a sect . '' Of a sect ; to what sect do we belong ? To the Protestant religion as by law established . To what laws do we adhere ? To those , under which this empire has lived and flourished for ages