point , it was impossible for government to determine in what shape the question should be brought before parliament . It was , however , of great importance that the subject should be commenced early in the session . presented three Petitions against the renewal of the East India Company 's Charter , from the merchants and ship-owners of Liverpool , the trustees of the Liverpool docks , and the corporation of Liverpool.—His lordship also presented a Petition to the same effect from the inhabitants of Manchester and Salford , signed on their behalf by the boroughreeves and constables . The Lord Chancellor observed , that the Petition could not be received as the Petition of the inhabitants , the signatures of the boroughreeves and constables not being a corporate act . The Petition might , however , stand as the Petition of those who had signed it . The earl of Derby would not contest the point with the noble and learned lord , but agreed that the Petition should stand as the Petition of those who signed it . The inhabitants who had unanimously agreed to this Petition , would be enabled , if they thought it expedient , to petition again in another form.—Petitions against the Catholic Claims were presented by the bishop of Bath and Wells , from the archdeacons and clergy of the diocese of Bath and Wells , and by the earl of Uxbridge from the gentry , clergy , and freeholders of the county of Auglesca . acquainted the House , that he had received from lieut . general sir Samuel Auchmuty the following Letter , in return to the Thanks of the House , on the 10th of January 1812 . `` Madras , August 10 , 1812 . `` Sir ; I have had the honour to receive your Letter , conveying the unanimous Thanks of the hon . the House of Commons to me and the gallant army under my command during the late service in Java . `` To deserve the approbation of his sovereign and his country is the highest ambition of a British soldier ; to receive it his greatest boast : be assured , Sir , we feel with pride and with gratitude the distinguished honour conferred on us by the Commons of the United Kingdom , and the recollection of so valuable a reward will animate us to increased exertions when again contending for the honour of 419 his Majesty 's arms and the interests of our country . `` With sincere pleasure I have obeyed the commands of the hon . House , by communicating to major general Wetheral , and the several officers and corps , the gratifying information that their zeal , their gallantry , and discipline , have been pointedly noticed and acknowledged . `` The satisfaction I have derived from `` his communication has been greatly in creased by the manner in which you have been leased to convey it , and which demands from me , personally , the most grateful acknowledgments . I have `` the honour to be , & c. S. AUCHMUTY , `` Lieutenant General . '' `` Right hon C. Abbot , Speaker , & c. & c. '' presented a Petition of the portmen of the borough of Ipswich , in special assembly convened ; setting forth , `` That the petitioners beg leave to approach the House with sentiments very different from those which they understand to have elsewhere prevailed in the body corporate of which they form a constituent and essential member ; and that , impressed with the deep and firm conviction that all civil restrictions on account of religious opinions are in themselves evils , and , except when indispensable for the prevention of greater evils , as unwise in point of policy as they are unjust in principle , and repugnant to the comprehensive spirit of Christian charity ; fully satisfied too , on the maturest reflection , that , by the gradual change which has insensibly taken place in the temper and feelings of those who profess the Roman Catholic faith , the prostrate condition of the