in a constant state of convulsion ; so much so , that the Lutherans and Cilvanists called in the Turks to their assistance ; and more than once the country was divided between the Turks and the Austrians . So the state remained for a considerable time . At length , at a late period , it was in some degree tranquillized . How was that effect produced ? By the conciliatory measures of Maria Theresa—but , till 1791 , it was not completely tranquillized . Tranquillity was then restored , by an extension of civil rights and civil privileges to all the inhabitants of the kingdom , without any reference to religious opinions—peace and security were obtained , by recurring to that very measure , which the advocates of the Roman Catholics now called on the legislature to carry into effect . So completely were the people of Hungary satisfied , that , in the triumphant progress of Buonaparté , by that country only was his march arrested . When he was in possession of Vienna , the nation , with an united voice , exclaimed— '' There shall the proud career be stayed . '' It was not possible to conceive a case , more directly in point ; and it should be observed , that the predominant religion of the state was the Roman Catholic , which , they had been told admitted no toleration , —which they had been informed never granted any thing like the freedom allowed in this country : which the petitioners against the Catholic Claims asserted to be so complete , that no other nation ever granted so much . Yet , in Hungary , a Catholic state , every privilege was thrown open to the Protestant tranquillity , and peace and concord followed . The same rights were now demanded for the Roman Catholics ; and sure he was , the same beneficial effects , in the common course of things , must flow from the concession . If it was argued , that those concessions ought not to be made , because , for centuries , contentions had existed between the opposite sects of Protestants and Catholics , the answer was , `` the same might be said , with more propriety , of Hungary , where one of the parties called in the Mahometan to their assistance ; yet every right was ultimately granted , in common , to all religions ; not by an arbitrary monarch , but in a diet , consisting of 400 persons , with a 887 majority of two to one . This was done in a country connected with the Popish hierarchy , and possessing a Popish priesthood—but the good sense of the laity put down all clerical opposition . '' So , he hoped , it would in that House , and in the Nation at large . The legislature would , he trusted , look to the best of all possible securities , by giving to the Catholics their just and proper rights ; they would , he hoped , look to the true safety and the real defence of the country , by giving that numerous body privileges to defend ; they would , he hoped , render the country more dear to that numerous , and loyal , and respectable class , by giving them an interest in the constitution . He confessed he was astonished , that persons should suspect that the loyalty of the Catholic , which , under privation , was tried , and was not found wanting , would , if his claims were conceded , be immediately extinguished . This was contrary to every principle of human action . Could it be imagined that they would willingly fight for restrictions , but that , by some extraordinary fatality , they would marshal themselves against their newly recovered rights and privileges ? But , it was observed by the petitioners against the Catholics , that they had every right which did not grant political power . The answer to this was clearly and explicitly given by his hon . friend ( Mr. Plunket ) on