law was repealed , gold and paper would find their respective value , and no want of the former would remain . From what had been said the other evening relative to the offer of 27,000 guineas to government , it was likely that the eyes of the right hon . gentleman were opened a little to the difference between paper and gold.—He bad lately accompanied a friend of his to a shop , for the purpose of disposing of some light guineas , and the price his friend was offered was 1l.7s . 2d . for his light guineas . Would the right hon . gentleman , then , contend , that the owner of good guineas was not injured by the operation of this law , for if he took them to market he must lose seven shillings in the sale of them ? What , then , must he do with his gold ? If he hoarded it , it became unproductive ; if he clipped it , he was subjected to the penalties of the Clipping Act ; and if he came forward and demanded the fair value , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would 227 come down upon him with the terrors of fine and imprisonment . Was there ever then such a violation of the right of property ? And what advantage resulted from it ? Was the state benefited ? only so far as it enabled them to pay their creditors in depreciated currency ; but in all cases of public expenditure the state suffered as much as the private individual . As for all the great public creditors , they were in the same situation—they lost 35 per cent . or one third of their property . Thus the public , the annuitant , the public creditor were losing—and who were the gainers ? He knew of none , except the Bank of England . The directors of that company were told in 1797 , that they might defraud their creditors ; and in 1811 , they were again told , that they might go on in the same system . They exported coin , and as it disappeared paper became depreciated . What check was there , then , on the discretion of the Bank ? These gentlemen , when examined before the Bullion Committee , had confessed , that in regulating their issues they never looked to the price of gold , or to the course of exchange , and that so long as a bill was brought to them with a good name at its back , they would issue to any extent . This was the theory of these gentlemen ; what was their practice ? They had divided six millions in bonusses , besides increasing their interest from seven to eleven per cent . The danger from depreciation being such on this account , besides the danger from a shock of public confidence , it became the House to take time for consideration , to reflect whether it would not be better for them to retrace their steps than to proceed . The time also at which the Bill was brought forward , was objectionable . Half the members were not present , and of those who were , a greater proportion were new than had ever been known before . As it was improper at such a time for the House to pledge itself to continue this act , and as it did not expire till the end of February , he should move that the Bill be read a second time on the 3d of February . said , he was extremely anxious to hear what the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to say on the present occasion . The hon . gentleman then objected to two parts of the Bill ; first , that which in pursuance of the ridiculous resolution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , made the bank paper equal to gold ; and second , to that part , 228 which took from lessors the power of distraining for rent after tender