an integral part of the British . With regard to France , the real state of this matter may deserve fuller consideration . Not only the practice or opinions of those who govern in Catholic kingdoms , must be looked to , but the doctrines , councils , and canons of the church , to which they profess spiritual obedience . If it should be objected that it is an unfair mode of trying this question to cite , against the church of Rome , every scrap which breathes intolerance and persecution , from the councils of Lateran , or Constance , or Trent ; to call into sight antiquated canons and bulls , and to charge upon the modern professors of that religion , all the violence and intemperance of their predecessors , we must ask who is to blame for this ? The church of Rome not only does not renounce any tenet 784 which she has ever held , but glories in her perpetual unity of doctrine ; referring , as to an unquestionable and an authentic text , to the councils , canons , and bulls of all former times . Her advocates here , would defend her , upon a supposed departure from those principles , which they state not to be disclaimed indeed , but to be grown obsolete , and impossible to be recalled into activity : but she rejects all such defence ; she maintains that whatever has been once laid down is unchanged , and unchangeable . If her rules of action be the same as in the darker ages , is it reasonable to suppose that her conduct would be different , if she were invested with the same power ? The right hon . gentleman has laid it down as a maxim , that all churches are naturally intolerant ; and that it is for the wisdom and justice of those who are in civil authority , to correct and counteract this narrow and illiberal tendency . In what manner the head of the church of Rome has asserted the old pretensions , belonging to that see , against the civil authority of an empire , no less powerful than that of France under its present ruler , I am prepared to show from authentic documents , begging the House to judge , after hearing them , whether they can perceive any thing , in the modern language of the sovereign pontiff , more tolerant than that , which was used in older times ; any approximation towards union and intercourse , between Ro-man Catholics and heretics ; or one single expression , which breathes the spirit of concession , liberality , or conciliation . The passages , which I am about to read , are extracted from an account of what passed at Rome , upon the occupation of that patrimony of St. Peter , and the person of his holiness , by the French ( printed for Keating and Co. December , 1812 . ) The first of them bears date in February 1808 , and contains a remonstrance of the Pope , against an ordinance or code of Buonaparté , which he appears to have circulated as a part of the Concordatum , pretending that it was equally authorized by the Holy Father . The words of the Pope are , — '' A claim is set up for the freedom of every sort of worship , with the public exercise thereof : which , as being contrary to the canons , to the councils , and to the Catholic religion , we have rejected.—A reformation of bishoprics is called for , and the independence of the bishops upon us , which being contrary to the intention of our legislator Jesus Christ 785 we protest that we will maintain , for ourselves and our successors , the plenitude of our supremacy.—The articles relating to marriage and divorce , in the French code , are contrary to the laws of the church and the gospel.—Out of the Catholic religion there is no hope of salvation . '' Again— '' The French system of indifference or equality ,