Eldon and Mr. Perceval kissed hands ; what could have been the feelings of lord Eldon and Mr. Perceval when they advised the publication , but that she was innocent—immaculate ? So much for the candour , fairness , and liberality of those by whose verdict the Princess of Wales is now to be tried . Did lord Eldon , or any other conscientious and doubting judge reserve to himself a mode of escape by the specialty of the charge ? Do they purpose to say that there was any other meaning to the word innocent ? When is a verdict to stand good ? No counsel , no witnesses , no examination in her favor—and yet the verdict pronounced by these very persons is Not Guilty . Will it , then , be permitted to any one ; will it be endured , will it be allowed to Englishmen , to rake up this evidence again , and upon this evidence to condemn , to defame , to punish ? Let , then , the House and the country recollect the verdict of 1807 , and the report of 1813 ; 1147 and then recollect that the privy eonncil was sent back to the period of 1806 . Can they suppose the Princess can submit to these imputations ? If Mr. Perceval had been alive he would not have suffered this ; but Mr. Perceval is dead—and her former defenders mute . Is it to be permitted to go back to evidence given before this sentence of acquittal , and to pronounce anew verdict of guilt ? Was ever woman so triumphant ? Let the public recollect , that no one act has passed since 1807 , that the active breath of slander has dared to bring against the Princess of Wales . The hon . member then read the late Report , and proceeded to observe , that the noble lord had tauntingly asserted that the Princess of Wales had , doubtless , some legal adviser , or some friends within those walls , who would be found to advocate her cause . It had been so . She had a powerful legal adviser in that House in the late Mr. Perceval . Many , too , of the most able men in the country , in the House and out of it , had been her friends and advisers ; among them he could name lord Eldon , and sir Thomas Plumer . It was due to the memory of Mr. Perceval , to state , that to his dying day he always publicly proclaimed the innocence of the Princess , but as for her other surviving friends they were mute . No doubt , the Princess had her legal adviser , one who would never shrink from the responsibility of the duties of his situation , or disown his being such adviser , to him who had any right to question him . For himself , in performing what he did , he would not call himself the friend of the Princess of Wales , but the friend of justice . Her Royal Highness ought not to be the only person in this country , so famed for its humanity , without a friend , or a legal adviser . What resource was left to hut but an appeal to the justice of parliament ? Her Royal Highness 's Letter was nothing more than the appeal of a mother for the company of her child , and he would not assent to the character of a contrary nature which had been given to it . As to her Letter to parliament , he thought the Speaker highly praise-worthy for having laid it before the House , and was at a loss to know on what ground the Speaker of the other House declined to do the same . That Letter was the Petition of an injured woman , the first subject in the land : it was a petition of a kind of which we had some example in the earlier 1148 days of our history , when a brutal tyrant wished to get rid of