. felt anxious to comply with the wishes of the House , and therefore gave notice that he should bring forward his motion to-morrow . having thus refused , under the circumstances in which the House was placed , to bring on his motion , and lord Castlereagh having declined to give any explanation , unless some motion was before the House , or to originate any proceeding himself , the House of course adjourned , there being nothing to occupy its attention . moved the second reading of a Bill for amending a clause in the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Act He stated , that in 1793 , an Act passed , authorising the excavation of a Canal , from the town of Brecknock , to Pontypool , in Monmouthshire . By that Act , persons possessed of coal or lime pits , within eight miles of the Canal , were permitted to form rail ways , in any direction , an either side of it , without the consent of the proprietors of those lands over which they might pass . Certain individuals were now anxious that this clause might be amended , and the powers granted by it , altered . Although several land owners petitioned 1129 against the clause , as it now stood , yet it was but just to observe , that many others had also petitioned for its continuance ; and , indeed , the general impression of the county of Brecknock , which he had the honour to represent , seemed to be in favour of it , as it now stood ; and in Radnorshire and Herefordshire , a similar feeling seemed to exist . However unpopular the Bill was , he thought it his duty to bring it forward , that its merits might be properly discussed , which alone could be done in the committee . He did not pledge himself either to support or oppose the Bill , but he thought it should go to the committee , where it could be properly considered . The Canal proprietors said , if the clause were suffered to remain , it would be injurious to their interests and the interests of the public . On the other hand , the landowners denied the allegation , and contended , that the greater the number of rail roads the more traffic would be carried on through the medium of the Canal . It was , therefore , a matter of calculation , and more particularly called for a committee . Each of the parties accused the other of wishing to preserve a monopoly . For , his own part , he declared , if the Bill went to a committee , and either party made out a case of monopoly against the other , he should conceive it his duty to vote for that party who made good the accusation . opposed the altering a clause in an act which had been passed twelve years ago , and which was not objected to till very recently . He should , therefore , move as an amendment , `` That the Bill be read this day six months . '' supported the motion . If the Bill were not sent to a committee , he did not know how he and other hon . members would be able to decide on the merits of a measure , on which such contradictory allegations had been made . If the Bill went to a committee , perhaps the clause might be so altered , as to meet the wishes of all parties . opposed the Bill . He observed , that the value of estates in the neighbourhood of the Canal , chiefly depended on the continuance of the clause now about to be interfered with . was of opinion that the clause ought to be amended . As it at present stood , a rail-way might be carried through any gentleman 's garden , in spite of his representations against such a proceeding . The House , he hoped , would not consider this a proper liberty to be invested 1130 in any persons