they first enter the service . Now , Sir , there surely seems to be no good reason why foreigners should enjoy privileges from which his Majesty 's subjects are themselves debarred ; but that would be the case if the German officers were to have permanent rank . These people came over here in great numbers in the year 1804 ; it was a sufficient evil that they were then promoted , one made a colonel , and another a lieutenant-colonel , with temporary rank , because they were barons and counts , and highly connected , but now they are advancing to shoulder British general officers , who have risen progressively to their rank , out of employment , to be invested with the command of garrisons and districts , even in this our native land , and it would be rather too much to add to it by now giving them an advantage which a Briton entering the service of his sovereign , under the same circumstances , is rendered incapable of enjoying ; it would be violating , moreover , if not the letter , certainly the spirit of the Act by which he is so incapacitated . On what principle could this be attempted ? One of them had actually the command of a district—how was this innovation defended by his Majesty 's ministers , in the teeth of the Act of Settlement and of that by which they were embodied . But let us contrast with a little attention the words of the Order with what has been said by the noble lord . Does there not seem to be a strange inconsistency , resulting from such a contrast ; the Order , 253 says , that the German officers shall have permanent rank in the British army ; the Act of Settlement says , that they shall not have more than temporary rank , and the noble lord says , that the Order and the Act are not in the least at variance . Was it that at the War-office , not being able to comprehend their own Order , they were actually incompetent , to understand the obvious wording of an act of parliament ? Did they make any nice distinction between what they might call 'temporarily permanent , ' and 'permanently temporary ? ' Let others solve this difficulty as they may ; for my part I can not , by any effort of mine , comprehend what the nature of this permanent-temporary rank is , or how these conflicting terms can be brought into such close alliance . And let me observe , `` Sir , that there is no explanation in the Order of this language . If this permanent rank were confined to the German Legion , no person could object to it ; for , as the German Legion itself is only temporary , it could only be temporary also.—But the Order expresses , `` permanent rank in the British army ; '' which does not stand on a temporary basis , as the officers are not liable to be dismissed like those of the German Legion , and are also legally entitled to half-pay . Most assuredly an explanation is desirable , if it were only to prevent those who are not so well versed in the bearing of adjectives as the scholars of the War-office , from supposing that , the Order was either framed by very ignorant persons , or with a view to entrap the unwary Germans ( equally ignorant with themselves of the English language . ) and make them combat with greater zeal , inspired by gratitude for advantages they were never to enjoy . However this may be , Sir , I am happy at having obtained an assurance from the noble lord that no in fraction of the law is intended ; for , to my certain knowledge , the apprehension that such was the intention , has created much disturbance and uneasiness in the army , which of course will now subside : and is it any wonder that it should have galled most . British officers '