by whom none such had been committed , the excise of last year having been unusually productive , amounting indeed to 130,000l that reason could not be pressed against them . For them , therefore , he felt himself justified in urging a claim of extension to 75 hours , which extension they deemed indispensibly necessary to carry on their trade . He was sorry to find that this appeal and that of his friends in Scotland , to his friend ( Mr. Wharton , ) had been found totally unavailing . Yet when the Scotch maltsters laid their case before the commissioners of excise in Scotland , between whom and them there was , as in such relations generally , a natural antipathy , the commissioners were so struck by the grievance to which the maltsters were subjected , that they allowed an extension of the time for steeping malt , to 80 hours . This allowance was made in October , 1812 ; but upon reference to his hon . friend , the boon was ordered to be revoked . All he asked then , if it was not wished to extinguish the Scotch maltsters , and so to injure both agriculture and the revenue , was , that the very peculiar circumstances in which the Scotch maltsters were placed should be reconsidered—at all events , that provision should be made in the Bill , investing the commissioners of the excise in Scotland , or the commissioners of the treasury in England , with a discretionary power to grant the extension of time required by the Scotch maltsters if they should succeed in making out a case worthy of such extension . on the part of the maltsters of Yorkshire , protested against any disposition to commit fraud , in requiring the extension of time proposed to be granted by this Bill ; these maltsters having , indeed , themselves suggested a penalty upon fraud , the infliction of which must nearly produce the ruin of the guilty . He was glad , therefore , that the application of his constituents had been attended to ; but if the object of that application should not , upon trial , be found fully answered by the provisions of the Bill , he should , seeing a clause in the Bill , allowing its repeal or amendment in the course of the session , feel himself competent to apply for a futher extension of time for the steeping of malt in Yorkshire . felt confident , that the ob- 277 servations of his right hon . friend were totally founded in mistake ; and if he could shew that the premises were incorrect , the House would know how to appreciate his conclusions . His right hon . friend had asserted the inferiority of the barley used by maltsters in Scotland , whereas , in point of fact , that barley was generally of the very finest quality . The grain alluded to by his right hon . friend , and upon which he appeared to have received some information , was not barley , but big ; and even that grain , growing upon land generally let at from 8 to 10l . an acre , could not be set down as so inferior , or the growth of land so poor in quality , as his right hon . friend had stated , But his right hon . friend had been generally misinformed upon this subject , although referring to his native country . There was no doubt , a great deal of poor land in Scotland , which , of course , would grow poor grain . But it was notorious , that the greater part of the barley used by the Scotch maltsters , was of the very best quality , being the growth of Norfolk . This Norfolk barley was , in fact , bought cheaper in Edinburgh , than in London ; and if then the proposition of his right hon . friend , or rather the petition of the Scotch maltsters , which applied for an extension of 100 hours , were acceded