of had been made ; that the manner in which that campaign had ended , was not to be attributed to failure on the part of ministers , but to the limited resources of the country ; that the country , in fact , was unable to do any thing more ; but now came this proposition , to send 200,000l . not to assist Spain , but Russia , while this last power wished it to be applied to Spain . He appealed to every gentleman present whether his statement of what had been said was not accurate . He should be glad to know whether all means had been taken by the government to render the country able to support this additional expence ? The Bill which had been brought forward by an hon . gentleman during the lass session , the Sinecure Bill , would , had it passed , have afforded enough for this grant . It might be said that the Bill had passed that House ; but though it might not be proper to allude to what had passed elsewhere , he could not help remarking , that if ministers were as earnest in their wishes for the abolition of useless places , as other members in that House , the event would have been different ; or thus much of the session would not have passed , without a message on that subject from the crown . If , however , the House were to negative this grant , more harm would be done to the sufferers of this country , than could be retrieved by the possession of the 200,000l . Russia had been brought to the state in which she was , by refusing to submit to the continental system ; and if the result of the struggle were to enable her to keep open the markets of that vast empire to our manufactures , she would soon repay the sum we might now advance . 330 This he admitted ; and if the noble lord had openly come forward , and stated the necessity of it , he should have felt pleasure in concurring in the grant . But in saying this , he hoped he should not be thought to patronize the system of subsidizing . The state of things in Russia arose from her having engaged in this virtuous struggle unbought by us . The situation to which she would have been reduced by an alliance with France , was before her eyes , and without communication with this country , or , if with communication , he was convinced , without assurance of support , she nobly took her part . For these reasons he should support the vote ; and he was anxious that it might be seen by the distressed manufacturers , that it was not from any insensibility to their sufferings , that the vote of one member , at least , was determined , but by a sincere conviction that their interests would have been more injured-than served by refusing this grant . said , that the right hon . gentleman had not been happy in the selection of his topics , which were not reasons against the grant , but insinuations against the motives of those who had introduced it . The word `` speedy '' applied , not to the absolute length of time , but to the nature of the case . If , on communication with our ambassador at Peters-burgh , relief in specie should be judged expedient , there could be no difficulty in making it immediate . The word `` effectual '' had been applied , not to the relief afforded by this government alone , but in conjunction with that of Russia . To what pitch the munificence of Russia might extend he did not know , but he hoped , that in conjunction with the aid afforded by us , it would be effectual to the great object intended . The next objection was , that it would go , not to the sufferers , but to the Russian treasury , and under this persuasion