fully convinced as we are that , in the exercise of the great trust reposed in his Royal Highness , he has no sentiment so near his heart as the desire of promoting , by every means in his power , the real prosperity and lasting happiness of his Majesty 's subjects , he may at all times rely on the loyalty of the people , and the zealous and cordial support of this House . '' said , that in rising to second the Address , it was not his wish or intention to trespass long upon the indulgence of the House , by a protracted notice of the topics which it contained . They had been so ably elucidated in the Speech itself , and the noble mover had so well and so clearly detailed the reasons that operated upon him in proposing the Address , that he should have little occasion to detain them long . Though unwilling to intrude upon their attention , he could not however resist the motives that induced him to second the Address . At a moment like the present , when Europe looked up to this country as the principal source from which resistance to the power of France was to be expected , and all eyes were turned upon us as the source whence the liberation of Europe was to flow , it was superfluous to state that his Royal Highness was called to the government at a most important crisis . In reviewing the events that had taken place since his accession to power , it was impossible not to dwell with hope and with pride upon the splendid success which had attended the British arms , in every part of the world in which they were employed . Spain had witnessed that success , almost in every one of its provinces . It was not necessary for him to recur to the bravery by which Badajoz had been relieved , or to the splendid victory at Salamanca , or the consequences that followed from that victory . Wherever British soldiers were brought into action , they displayed prodigies of heroism that must have filled every person who heard him with exultation . But , cheering as was the prospect which Spain held out , he was happy to say that the prospect was 60 not less cheering in the north of Europe . When Buonaparté entered Russia , regardless of the lives of those whom he led to conquer it , and of the rights of those whom he invaded , he flattered himself that he could , after entering Moscow , dictate a peace to the Russians with the same insolence as he had before done to the Austrians at Vienna ; but Russia , with a degree of firmness and self-devotion almost unexampled in history , had sacrificed a capital to save an empire , and by that means defeated the proud designs of her invader . He was now farther than ever from the attainment of his object , for scarcely had the despot time to ruminate amid the ruins of Moscow when he was obliged to have recourse to a disgraceful and disastrous retreat . The emperor of Russia had shewed that he was not a person to be intimidated by threats , or deceived by negociation . In France he had found an implacable foe ; in Britain a friend , upon whom he could place a steady reliance . Of his reliance upon British honour he could not give a stronger proof than his determination of sending his fleets into the ports of this country.—With respect to America , every person must lament that the endeavours for bringing about a peace had been unsuccessful . The removal of the Orders in Council naturally induced an expectation , both in the House and in the country , that America would embrace that opportunity of removing whatever causes for hostility existed between the two countries , and contribute her assistance against the common foe of Europe and of the world . The event , however , unfortunately , did not justify such expectations ,