had shewn no disposition to concession . A right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Canning ) had proposed last session a motion in their favour , but it had been hardly carried , when the Roman Catholics declared that they would listen to no concession whatever on their side . Again , lord Grenville had announced in another place , that they were disposed to concede the Veto , but he had scarcely returned home when the same Roman Catholics denied every assertion he had made in their 1196 favour , and , as it was supposed , in their names . In this state of things it was the duty of the right hon . gentleman , before he proceeded to press the House to adopt new measures , to shew that the Roman Catholics had really and sincerely abandoned those obnoxious doctrines , which first made restrictions necessary . After the writings lately published and avowed by that society , he saw no hopes whatever of any accommodation , and in that view of the subject , he hoped that the House would agree with him that their best way was to retrace their steps . They were to go back to the Bill of Rights , and on that topic he had been astonished to hear a right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) whose eloquence he admired as much as any one , declare on the first night of the debate , that he saw no specific exclusion of the Catholics contained in that Act . He maintained , on the contrary , that the principle was contained in the very preamble , which stated that restrictions were necessary against them , as long as they retained the obnoxious opinions imputed to them . Another confirmation of that principle was to be found in the preamble of the 31st of his present Majesty , to grant further immunities ; for that preamble stated , that whereas certain doctrines dangerous to the state and to civil liberty , were attributed to the Catholics , and whereas they were willing to disclaim the same , it was advisable to do away certain of the disqualifications by which they had been hitherto affected , on their disclaiming those doctrines . From this he conceived that it was the duty of the right hon . gentleman to prove that the Roman Catholics had utterly disclaimed those opinions , before he called upon the House to grant them farther indulgences . He was desirous of impressing on the minds of the House the necessity of ascertaining how far the dangers , against which the Bill of Rights had provided , were removed , before they did away the securities which were intended to protect the Protestant constitution and establishments in church and state . He could not distinctly see from the speeches of the hon . gentlemen opposite , the nature of the securities which were meant to be substituted ; and if it were once proved to him that they were likely to be satisfactory , no man could be more willing than himself to grant further indulgence to the Roman Catholics ; he wished for nothing more than to promote concord among all classes of his Majesty 's 1197 subjects ; but he was afraid that the continuation of the discussion would have no Other effect but that of transplanting into this country those scenes of tumult and discord which had too often , and so lately disgraced Ireland . rose and said , that he had thought it unnecessary and inconvenient the other night , when the House shewed the greatest anxiety to come to the question , to go at large into any reply to the arguments against his motion . He would now , however , remark upon several of them ; and in doing so he thought it right to observe , that he had made an alteration in the Resolution , as it was originally proposed . It did not , however , at all alter the principle , but merely modified the terms in which it was expressed