, and had felt that these restrictions were an eternal disgrace to our statute books , and ought to be repealed . These petitioners trusted the present parliament would follow up the spirit of that resolution , and remove those disabilities . Among the signatures to this Petition , were the names of some of the most illustrious families of this country—they professed a different religion ; different only from ours , so far as we had rectified and purified it—but in their ecclesiastical policy they were in many respects nearly alike , as well as in many other of their forms and ceremonies . All they asked for was to be admitted to the rights and privileges of a British subject . It must be recollected that when a weak monarch betrayed his country , the Roman Catholic nobility , and a Roman Catholic parliament , supported and maintained the constitution . Who displayed the glory of England in the ever memorable battles of Cressy , Agincourt , and Poictiers , but the Roman Catholic nobility ? Who resisted the Spanish Armada , and opposed a papal power , when threatening an invasion of this country ? The Roman Catholic nobility : and it must not be forgotten , that for a century and a half they were admitted to the legislature , and took an active part in the councils of the nation . They were supported by this country in Corsica—they were established in Canada—and more recently , not only with our money and our influence , but with our troops , we had supported a Popish people against an ambitious and tyrannical invader—we were not only fighting with Catholic soldiers in our pay , but Catholic generals in our service . He hoped therefore , that this House would take their Petition into its serious consideration : it would thereby secure to itself immortal honour , lay the foundation of our future peace and harmony , and ensure the strength and safety of the nation . expressed his surprise that the right hon . gentleman should think it necessary to enter into so many topics that might occasion debate , merely on presenting a petition . It was not his intention now to reply to the remarks just offered , but he rose merely to state , that before the House entered regularly upon , the discussion of the Catholic Claims he should move that another document , besides that produced at the request of the right hon . gentleman , should be read , and as often as the subject should be debated he should submit the same motion ; it would be that the 9th , 10th , and 11th sections of the Act of the 1st of William and Mary , chap . 2 , commonly called the Bill of Rights , be read . rose merely to observe , that the body of persons to whom he belonged , the Protestant Dissenters , had on former occasions availed themselves of the assistance of the right hon . gentleman ( Yorke ) , and he was sorry to find that upon the Catholic question their opinions were completely at variance . The Catholics and this Dissenters differed it was true on points of faith , but in loyalty to the executive , and in attachment to the constitution , there was no distinction between them , and as a Protestant Dissenter he pledged himself never to stand up in that House exclusively to obtain the removal of the laws operating against the Dissenters , without coupling with it a motion for the restoration of their rights to the Roman Catholics , who were equally entitled to relief . rose and said : Sir ; I am very happy that the right hon . gentleman has caused those passages in the Bill of Rights to be read to the House , for I am distinctly of opinion , that the qualifications , which it enumerates as the indispensable accompaniments of the sovereignty of this empire , ought to form a part of the preamble of any bill , which may be introduced , into