a retreat which was more like the prelude to a victory than a proof of disaster . The enemy had only been enabled to compel him to retreat by an abdication of every military principle which had regulated their conduct before . If Madrid had been a position of military importance , which it was not , the case would have been materially different from what it at present appeared . Lord Wellington had not taken possession of it as a military position , nor had he advanced upon it for the vain glory of taking the enemy 's capital , he did nothing for mere parade—he went there on this principle ; he knew that unless by advancing he threw a large force on the flank of Soult , he could not make that general do what was really the object of his operations—raise the siege of Cadiz , while Andalusia and the southern provinces of Spain were delivered from the enemy . What , too , was the result of these operations ? The French , in consequence , did abandon Cadiz ; they had since abandoned Madrid , and thus had lost the moral conquest of Spain . They were obliged to evacuate the capital in their turns as well as us , and were now only in possession of the ground on which they stood , and as far as ever from effecting the military or moral subjugation of the country . And , he should be glad to know a position in which a French army could be placed , less useful to themselves or less prejudicial to the interests of Europe ? But if they were to measure the influence of the victory of Salamanca only by what it had produced in Spain , he would say , their estimate of its value would be most unfair , most unwise , most untrue , in the circumstances in which Europe was at present placed . Did the House imagine that that spirit of resistance which grew out of that House , or rather out of that people they represented in that House , ( for he should like to know what ministers could have retained their situations in this country , who at such a period had not obeyed the universal impulse 158 and turned their backs on the exertions of Spain ) did they think that that spirit had nothing to do with that which had recently manifested itself in another part of the world ? Even the retreat of lord Wellington to Torres Vedras had been of service to that power which now , awakened to a sense of its own strength , had resisted and chastised the power of France , and from which so much might be augured for Europe . But with Russia/the hopes excited by the Spanish resistance did not end : beginning at the extremity , it was to be hoped its influence would extend further into Europe—to those powers which now , indeed , appeared to form a part of the strength of France , but which , in fact , were only unnaturally connected with her , he meant the whole power of Germany . Such were the effects resulting from this battle ; and which the House might justly trace to itself , as well as to its brave army , and its distinguished general . Did the House know that the character of the great battle of Borodino , for it was a great battle , was partly caused by lord Wellington ; a battle greater than that of Eylau , greater than that of Aspern , and that in which the power of France had received one of the severest checks it had ever received . In that great battle , in which 70 or 80,000 men laid down their lives , it was consoling to know that prince Kutusoff had it in his power , on the morning of that day , to animate his troops by telling them of the glory gained by the English on the plains of Salamanca.—Did not the House feel that it must be most animating