question relating to matters of state policy was brought forward , it would be more consistent with fairness and candour to give that degree of notice which would admit of the attendance of the non-resident members of the senate , if they should think fit to give their opinions upon the subject ; but he could not help saying , that the seldomer political questions were brought before the senate of the University , the better . With respect to what the right rev . prelate had said on the subject of motives , the noble earl observed , that what he had said was entirely of a general nature , and not applied to the conduct of any individual . The usage of the place did not admit of questions being discussed , or debated , before they were put to the vote ; and , therefore , he could not help feeling that many persons might give their votes upon general grounds , without that knowledge and understanding of the question , which must in all cases render the decision more satisfactory to themselves as conscientious individuals , and at the same time give more weight to the opinions of a great public body . repeated , that the notice given was unusually long . contended that the notice was not sufficient , and observed that he himself , although only a day 's journey from London , had not notice 135 of the intended proceeding in time to be present at the University on the day appointed for its consideration . observed , that the Petition did not express the sense of the University ; the non-resident members not having had sufficient notice . rose , and addressed the House to the following purport : My lords , in rising to address this House upon a subject of Thanks to our gallant and distinguished general who gained the victory of Salamanca , I am confident there can be no no difference of opinion amongst your lordships with respect to the motion I mean to propose . But before I submit this proposition , your lordships will , I trust , permit me to make a few observations upon the principles of military policy and motives which induced the marquis of Wellington to pursue those measures which eventually brought forth a victory , not only productive of fame to the commander , but of additional glory to the national character . In doing this I shall advance nothing of speculation , but confine myself to facts contained in documents already before your lordships and the public . When lord Wellington had planned the siege and reduction of Badajoz , his great mind suggested ulterior objects , which would ultimately affect the success of our cause in the peninsula . My lords , lam not disposed , at this time , to allude in any manner to the mode of conducting the campaign , further than to the ability with which the noble marquis has , at all times , and in all situations , employed the resources committed to his care . No general , my lords , was ever more careful of the troops entrusted to his command—no general ever more cautiously avoided the sacrifice of lives , when the object to be attained was not equal to the expenditure of so much blood . This disposition marks the career of his military success , and has been particularly manifested in the course of this campaign . From the documents I possess , and not those only which were transmitted after the effect was produced , but those which were written when the plan was conceived , the extent of his genius , and the wisdom of his undertakings are most strongly designated and incontrovertibly proved . They likewise shew how much superior he was to those able generals against whom he had to contend , 136 and that his conceptions were equally well calculated for the success of his own en-prizes , as they were adapted to circumvent the enterprizes of the enemy . When his plan was formed for the reduction of Badajoz , of