its professors and ministers , the Romish clergy , continue to hold the same , or nearly the same , influence and authority over the minds and consciences of their flocks ( in this realm ) as they did in former times ? In order to prove that the Popish tenets are not materially altered , I do not think it necessary to resort to ancient authorities , nor shall I troble the House with a reference to decrees and councils , which are said , or supposed , to be antiquated . I wish only to refer them to the very modern decrees and ordinances of the present Pope , on the occasion of his being deprived of his dominions , and removed from Rome to Savona , in the years 1808 , and 1809 ; and to what has , very recently , happened in Great Britain and Ireland , in relation to the episcopal and spiritual jurisdiction , as well as to the rules and doctrines promulgated by authority of the college of Maynooth . I will now read some extracts from a book lately published by Brown and Keating ( and which has every appearance of being authentic ) , intituled , `` Relation de ce qui se passa a Rome , dl'Envuhissement de Plus VII . '' to prove , 1° . that the general description of the Pope 's authority is 825 the same as heretofore ; * 2° . that the Catholic religion can not , in its nature , tolerate any other forms of worship ; † 3. that all Bishops must be dependent on the Papal See ; ‡4°that oaths of fidelity can not * `` His Holiness , in quality of the chief of religion , is to be considered as holding the place of the God of Peace . `` —Relation , & c. vol . 1 , p. 149 . `` The Pope is chief master and common father of all the faithful , to whom God himself has given the spiritual power ever the whole world. '' —Ibid . p. 189 . `` Intelligant illi ( Reges sc . ) aliquando , imperio ipsos nostro ac throno Lege Christi subjici ; imperium enim nos quoque gerimus , addimus etiam præstantius. '' —Ibid . vol . 3 , p. 76 . `` † `` The new French code declares that all forms of worship shall be free and publicly exercised . But we have rejected this article as contrary to the canons , to the councils , to the Catholic religion , to the tranquillity of life , and to the welfare of the state , on account of the fatal consequences which must result from it . '' ‡ `` It is desired that the bishopricks may be reformed , and the bishops made independent of us . But this being contrary to the intention of our lawgiver and Lord Jesus Christ , who has ordained that there should exist , between St. Peter and his Apostle , an union , represented , at this day , by that which exists between the bishops and ourselves , & c. & c. accordingly , we protest that we are determined to preserve , for ourselves , the plenitude of our primacy , and the dependence of all bishops upon our see , as it is ordained by the pontifical bulls , the sacred canons , and the councils . `` —Relation , & c. vol . 1 , p. 40 . `` His Holiness orders it to be stated that the original duty of subjection and allegiance ( i. e. to the natural sovereign ) can not prevail against the sacred engagements , which the cardinals ( and bishops ) contract towards the church of God , by their oaths of consecration. '' —Ibid . vol . 1 , p. 124 . `` The Pope is not simply bishop of Rome , but pastor of the universal church , in virtue of which he has the right of choosing his own ministers and co-operators in the apostolate , from among all the nations of the earth . And