of foreigners . This was a gross mistake ; for there was such a regulation . There did exist regulations against impressing foreigners , and in case of a foreigner 's entering into the navy , though the Admiralty would not grant his discharge at his own request , yet they never refused it to the consul of his nation , as they considered that his allegiance , which was due to his country , could not be avoided by any act of his own . It often happened , as he had said , that to these seamen sums of money were due for pay or prize , which they had made over to crimps or Jews ; and the Admiralty desired their solicitor to sue these persons for that money as due to a British subject , by the same stroke of the pen with which they restored them to their native country 's service . They were , in fact , considered as having two countries , —the voluntary service of the one being looked upon as unable to debar the natural allegiance to the other . And yet Mr. Monroe asserted that we impressed American seamen and kept them ! Whereas , an American certificate of citizenship had , in spite of all the abuses which were known to be practised upon such documents , been always respected by the Admiralty . As to the frauds which were committed in the forging of certificates , the noble lord had mentioned 648 one instance , and the hon . gentleman opposite had asked for more . It was needless to multiply instances , as the matter was so notorious . It was carried on in Philadelphia to a great extent . This abuse was recognized by the American government , for although there was such damning proof against them , they still persisted . Not long since , a certificate had been presented by a mulatto , in which he was described as a person of fair complexion with light eyes . In another case , a certificate was presented at the Admiralty , only five days after the date on which it was purported to have been signed at New York and backed by the American consul at this port , Mr. Beazley . This was not an abuse of petty clerks ; it was , he repeated , an act recognised by the American government . He mentioned that it had been proved that an American consul at London , of the name of Lyman , had sold a certificate to a man for a guinea , and had told him he could give as good a protection as any in England for that sum . When this was known at the Admiralty , a letter was written to Mr. Lyman , saying that no more of his certificates would be received . To this letter Mr. Lyman sent an angry reply , in which he expressed his confidence that he would meet with the support of the American government ; but he ( Mr. Croker ) had never heard whether Mr. Lyman had carried his representation to the foot of the presidential throne . The hon . gentleman then went on to explain the circumstances which led to the letter from Mr. Monroe to Mr. Foster on the 8th of June last , on the subject of the Americans enticing British seamen into their service . These circumstances were as follows : —A cartel ( the Gleaner ) was sent from England with conciliatory propositions to the American government . The officer who commanded this vessel was ordered not to allow any of the seamen to land ; notwithstanding which the Americans enticed so many of the English sailors to enter their service , that there was a danger of the vessel not being able to return with dispatches , for want of a sufficient number of men to navigate her . Mr. Foster having written to the American government , and having stated on evidence that 28 of these English sailors were on board the American frigate Constitution , Mr. Monroe replied to