which opposition had come than himself , and if he imagined by again introducing a measure which had been considered impolitic , he should be supposed to act from the least disrespect to that quarter , no person could feel more concern than he would . But from all that he had observed since the last consideration of the subject , he felt he should not be doing his duty if he did not bring the subject under the attention of a new parliament . It would be in the recollection of the House , that in 1810 ; he had proposed to bring in three Bills ; one of which was to repeal the act of king William , which rendered it a capital offence to steal property to the amount of five shillings privately in a shop ; another to repeal the act of queen Anne , which pronounced it a capital offence to steal to the value of 40s . in a dwelling-house ; and the third , to repeal the act of George 2 , rendering it a capital offence to steal property to the same amount , from on board a vessel on a navigable river . These Bills were all passed in 1811 , by that House , but were rejected by the Lords . At the present moment he should only move for leave to bring in that one which in the former discussions that took place was considered least objectionable ; he alluded to that which related to stealing property of the value of 5s . in a dwelling-house : and the principle upon which he should propose to introduce this Bill was precisely the same as that which he had before stated , namely , the inexpediency of penal laws existing , which were not intended 563 to be executed . This inexpediency was strongly demonstrated by the returns of the criminal courts for London and Middlesex , during the years 1805 , 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 . He could not help here expressing his surprise that these returns had not , in compliance with the order of the House , been made to a later period . During these few years it appeared , that the number of individuals committed for this offence , amounted to 188 , of whom 18 only had been convicted , and of these not one had been executed . This he trusted would be admitted as a pretty accurate criterion to shew that it was not intended to carry the law into effect against individuals who were found guilty under this statute . The consequence of the law not being executed , as was already stated , was , that where some punishment was deserved , no punishment was at all inflicted , and the offender escaped altogether with impunity . This was an evil which could not exist if the laws were less severe , and a certain but mild , although effective punishment , was substituted . He did not mean to censure the forbearance which thus disarmed the law of its ferocity , but he condemned the retention of a law which was found too cruel for application , and which was , therefore , superseded in almost every instance by a discretionary adoption of that wise and humane principle that no unnecessary suffering , no useless pang ought ever to be inflicted under the sanction of the legislature . Upon this part of the subject he could not more powerfully illustrate his argument than by quoting the sentiment of a man who had once been the ornament of that House , and whose opinions would have weight far greater than belonged to any thing that could fall from so humble an individual as himself . In the Observations upon our Penal Laws , which were published in the last edition of Mr. Burke 's works , that distinguished person says , `` The question is , whether in a well-constituted commonwealth it is wise to retain laws not put in force ? A penal law not ordinarily executed must be deficient in justice or wisdom , or