conciliation might be devised , which would be sufficient to remove every grievance ; and , therefore , he would vote for a committee , in which those means might be maturely weighed and considered . in a maiden speech , said : Sir ; considering the deservedly high authority , in this House , of the right hon . mover of the Resolution , in the last parliament , with which our compliance is now demanded ; considering , too , that this Resolution was adopted by a former House of Commons ; I feel that it would ill become the humble individual who has now the honour of addressing you , to question its political wisdom or constitutional propriety ; yet I can not but rejoice that as a member of the new legislature , I approach the discussion of this important question with a judgment unshackled by any pledge whatever . My hon . colleague ( Mr. Richard Hart Davis ) has truly said , that his sentiments are sanc- 871 tioned by the great body of our constituents ; yet , decided as are their instructions , I shall follow them so far only as they are consistent with the dictates of my own conscience . The right hon . gentleman who now urges to redeem the pledge of the last parliament , has contented himself with giving an eloquent and general detail of the advantages to be derived from the investigation and full discussion of this subject , in a committee of the whole House . Now , Sir , I frankly confess that , in a question of this nature , I see no advantage to be gained by that mode of enquiry , which is peculiarly suited to such cases as the Orders in Council , where the production of evidence might throw additional light on the subject under consideration ; but what evidence could assist us in weighing the scruples of conscience , or the feelings of loyalty ? In ascertaining constitutional rights , or balancing political expedience ? Our present debate may afford a fair specimen of the proceedings of such a committee , and of the dissonance which must prevail there . We hear the right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) , whose speech has met with such deserved applause , candidly admit the necessity of providing some safeguard against the danger , which must arise , from the exercise of foreign influence ; yet he does not profess to be prepared with any definitive proposition , satisfactory to the Catholics or to himself . The hon . baronet ( Sir J. C. Hippisley ) , who has bestowed so much attention on the subject , has indeed matured his plans , but requires a special committee to take them in to consideration . The hon . general ( Mathew ) , on the other hand , boldly avows that the Catholics will not , ought not to be satisfied , unless their claims are conceded , without any restraint or restriction whatsoever . Sir , I demand , before we descend , for the sake of conciliation , one step from the high ground of the constitution , that we should not only have , before us , the appearance of a cordial disposition , on the part of the Catholics , to approximation in loyalty and charity , but that the heads of that church should give proof of their sincerity and moderation , by the tender of every concession and every pledge consistent with their faith and conscience . Is this , Sir , the spirit that we witness ? On the contrary , have not their most zealous friends , who have been striving to render them popular , by desiring pledges of loy- 872 alty , received in their turn nothing but obloquy and disavowal ? May we not still recognize , in the haughty tone which thus rejects all compromise , the spirit of the Servus Servorum , trampling on the neck of kings ! With such experience , few senators will hereafter have the hardihood to become sponsors for