Catholic Board , who can not suppress their astonishment at the success of the imposition : that the said pamphlet is a gross and defamatory mis-statement—a malignant and malicious forgery , slandering our views and principles—misrepresenting our just and reasonable complaints—falsely purporting to be the authorised publication of the Catholic Board , and really originating in a venal branch of the Dublin press , and which , however received and credited in the sister country , has not imposed upon a single individual in this . `` —The right hon . gentleman 457 submitted , that petitions resting upon such a basis , could be entitled to no respect in that House or the nation . rose in consequence of what fell from the hon . member who had accused the Irish government of being the author of the work in question . To-night he had heard , for the first time , from what press it had issued , and he only was made acquainted with the fact of the publication , by receiving a copy of it , accompanied by a letter from the anonymous author . How far it was necessary for the Catholics to attempt to counteract its effect , he would not determine . It was said that no assertion or quotation made in the two former parts were incorrect ; it might not be amiss to apprize the House , that the printer of them , a few days since , was convicted of a libel , charging the Lord Lieutenant with deliberate murder . This is the first time I ever heard it said , that because a man had been found guilty of a libel , he could not correctly quote an act of parliament . , from his own personal experience could declare , that this fabrication , in more than one instance , had produced an improper impression : it had induced persons before friendly to conciliation to become hostile to it , upon the perusal of the work . Of this fact he was apprized by letters he had obtained from several persons of respectability , who assured him , that up to the moment before they read this forgery , they were in favour of the Catholics ; and that their change of sentiment was entirely to be attributed to it . He had never himself read it ; but if it were what it was stated to be , he was happy that so public a disavowal had been given . stated , that it was not his intention to persist in the motion of which he had given notice on the preceding evening , for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the exportation , from Ireland to this country , of starch and blue . In abandoning the measure , however , he was not influenced by any of the arguments made use of by the right hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) in the short discussion which took place last night . For he did not see the impropriety of preventing the export of those articles from Ireland , when their manufacture was suspended here . Indeed , if 458 the argument of the right hon . baronet , that the strict letter of the Act of Union should be adhered to , were pushed to its full extent , it might be said , that though , by its provisions , they were allowed to legislate for corn , flour , meal , and biscuit , yet they must not legislate for bread . The suspension of the manufacture in England , had occasioned unbounded speculation in the sister country ; and he had received a letter from a gentleman in Kilkenny , stating , that a person there had thrown up the business of a tanner , for the purpose of turning his premises into a starch manufactory . Such speculations as these must necessarily consume a vast proportion of grain , proper for the sustenance of man . For the sake of encouraging the manufactures of Ireland , when the restriction took place in England , it was