and two Masters in Chancery sat for the Lord Chancellor ? They proceeded to hear such causes as might be dispatched within the time during which it was probable they would sit . This would be the case with the Vice-Chancellor . The Chancellor would discover what was the most convenient manner of conducting the business , and signify it to the Vice-Chancellor ; and from the harmonious manner in which business was conducted in Chancery , no evil was to be apprehended from this mode of proceeding . He had never pledged himself to propose any amendments in the Committee , but he had said that any objections against the Bill might be remedied there . As something must be done to remedy the existing evil , what had been proposed instead of this Bill ? To take a judge , of whose integrity and talents enough could not be said in praise , and load him with all this additional business ; and this , though that honourable person had stated to his constituents that the pressure of his ordinary business was such as to compel him to abandon the pleasing duties of representing his native county in that House . A certain number of juridical days were marked out with mathematical accuracy , and were to be imposed on the Master of the Rolls , although that officer had been begged , by the gentlemen of the profession attending his court , to desist from even his ordinary sittings , lest his valuable life might be endangered . The question was not of willingness or unwillingness , but of personal capacity to perform such additional duty . But it was said the duties would not be imposed without additional emolument . Was it a compliment to this judge who had declined the most grateful duties , 684 to say to him , that he must now come forward and play the part of Scrub or Mungo . An hon . and learned gentleman , whom the House would not have forgot to have been the chairman of the committee to enquire into the Chancery delays ( even had he not himself informed them of it , ) had looked on this scheme as visionary , though he disliked the present Bill . The judges in Westminster-Hall were so burthened with business , that no assistance could be expected from them . As to sending the Chief Baron of the Exchequer to the Cockpit , no court , it was well known , could exist without its head—not even a bench of justices , as any gentleman opposite , who happened to be chairman of one , might know . The courts of Westminster consisted constitutionally of four judges , and it would be a discovery of that night if it was found that they could go on with three . explained . He had not laid any stress on his having been chairman of the committee , but had merely mentioned it incidentally . explained , that he had only mentioned that the hon . gentleman was chairman of the committee to his said , that during his whole parliamentary life he had never witnessed such an instance of rapid growth as they had seen that night . The infant of that day week had become a giant . The hon . and learned Solicitor General , who but a week ago was so diffident that he could scarcely venture to obtrude himself on the House ; who professed himself to have no practical knowledge of the Court of Chancery , had , after having pledged his reputation that the expedient before them would be successful , came forward that night , and after speaking with full confidence to a point of practice in the Court of Chancery , proceeded to a speech full of sarcastic allusions . The allusion to the hon . and learned chairman of the committee , they must understand as being devoid of sarcasm , notwithstanding the tone and manner in which they were delivered . He had as much respect as any one for the Master of the Rolls , but