or unjust ; and that they continue to be no less indispensably requisite than heretofore , for the maintenance and security of the Church establishment , against those whose principles , when carried into effect , have ever been found incompatible with true Christian toleration , and subversive of civil and religious liberty ; and that , in stating this their humble opinion , the petitioners can not but recollect , that the safeguards of which they deprecate the removal have been proved by long experience to be necessary , that they were established by our ancestors at a period when our laws and liberties were fixed-on a solid basis , and the crown of these dominions was limited , by the Act of Settlement , to the Protestant succession ; and praying , that the House will , in its wisdom , continue to preserve those safeguards which , under Divine Providence , have been the firm support of our national constitution in Church and State , and of the title of our revered monarch , and his august family , to the throne of this United Kingdom . '' moved , That the Standing Order of this House , of the 18th day of June 1811 , `` That all Petitions for Private Bills be presented within fourteen days after the first Friday in the next and every future session of parliament , '' might be read ; and the same being read ; Resolved—1 . That this House will not receive any Petition for Private Bills after the 18th instant . 2 . That no Private Bill be read the first time after the 8th of March . 3 . That this House will not receive any Report of such Private Bill after the 10th of May . pursuant to notice , moved to revive the regulations which had been adopted last session , respecting the Orders of the Day entered in the book , and the Notices for Motions . His lordship observed , that the business of the House had been much facilitated by setting apart two days in the week , in which the Orders of the Day should have the precedency of motions , without , however , depriving any hon . member of the right of calling the attention of the House to any subject he might think proper . The noble lord moved in consequence , `` That in this present session of parliament all Orders of the Day , set down in the Order Book for Mondays and Fridays , shall be disposed of before the House will proceed upon any motions of which Notices shall be entered in the Order Book . '' observed , that this motion was couched in the same terms as that against which he had contended last session . He did not mean , in consequence , to renew in the present instance the arguments he had used on that occasion ; but he would renew his protest against a novel measure , which , while it produced no manner of advantage , gave the ministers , 120 whoever they might be , a great influence over the debates of the House . He hoped , however , that members would still insist on the right they enjoyed in good old times , namely , that of making motions whenever they thought proper , and without notice too . He , for one , would always claim that undoubted right , and always exercise it according to his discretion . also protested against it as contrary to the usage of parliament , and as tending to cramp the proceedings of the House . rose and observed , that more time ought to be allowed for the consideration of the many important topics touched on in the Prince Regent 's Speech , and especially the three wars in which we were engaged , the policy of which he was not yet prepared to approve . The Speech contained an omission , which was also , in his view of the subject , very important . The Prince Regent had expressed his reliance , that the