. It was not simply because Ireland was encreasing in numbers , in . wealth , and in circumstances , but because she was encreasing in knowledge , that he thought they ought not to lose any time in making the desired concessions to them , for that very increase of knowledge would make them feel more keenly the indignities under which they thought they laboured . He trusted that the House would see the policy of concession , for he yet indulged the fond hope of living to see the day when the good effects resulting from it would be made apparent ; and to allay that fever which had long existed in Ireland would not be one of the least of them . He trusted , therefore , that the resolution would be acquiesced in , for he most fervently believed that it would tend to promote peace and good order in Ireland . The petitioners against the Catholics , though actuated , he was convinced , by the most laudable motives , were deceived in their ideas of the subject , and did not seem aware that the Catholics possessed at present all the power which could be exerted to the detriment of the establishment , and the House would encourage that delusion , if they spread the idea that they might remain with safety where they now were . It was very easy to tell the Catholics to be contented with the concessions which had been made to them ; but he could not conceive any thing more galling to a body of men who were brought , as the Catholics had been , into contact with political objects , to be thus excluded from the enjoyment of them . Thinking thus , that it was politic to make concessions to the Catholics , as that body would be thereby conciliated , while the establishmemt would be rendered more secure , he thought it peculiarly desirable to grant it at the present moment . The Catholics were now advancing in wealth and consequence , and if concessions were not made at this moment , they might be made at a less favourable period . We were now suffering for the follies and vices of our forefathers . Ireland had been treated as a conquered country , and the remaining links of her ancient chains pressed more severely on her , because she had been admitted to a part of the blessings of the British constitution . The more Catholic Ireland abounded in men , who could take a part in political life , the more irritating would exclusion become , and not only increasing wealth but advancing knowledge would cause them 1241 to feel most acutely the state of degradation in which it was attempted to keep them . The system of excluding Catholics from parliament , was contrary to all the principles which had been laid down on both sides the discussions on parliamentary reform , that no great body should be without its representatives in parliament . The refusal of the barons to agree to any innovation in the constitution , had been alluded to as an example to modern parliaments . But 'nolumus leges Anglia mutari ' was uttered by men in the full enjoyment of all the privileges of the constitution , to secure to themselves their rights , not to exclude those who were debarred from those privileges from participating in them . The hon . gentleman proceeded to remark , that a circumstance in favour of the claims of the , Catholics was , that the influence of the priests on the higher orders of that body had diminished . There was an annual excommunication issued against all Protestants , but notwithstanding this fulmination , a Catholic nobleman ( it was well known , ) had raised a body of volunteers to defend this excommunicated country . When objections were made to this corps being headed by his son , with a truly British spirit he said , that nothing could absolve him from his duty of defending his country , and that his son should serve in the ranks