By no means . I found the other day the report of a speech made by one of the party in America , whom we are told we ought to conciliate by forbearance . This gentleman ( gen. German ) endeavoured to divert the senate of the United States from its warlike resolutions , by an anticipation of the evils which Great Britain could inflict upon America the moment that war was declared . He observed , `` that the first consequence of the maritime superiority of Great Britain , would be the loss of New Orleans , from which the English could not be dislodged without a great sacrifice of blood and treasure ; that they might then pass northward along the American coast to Charleston and Norfolk ; '' and he asked `` if they thought it possible to defend those places , or that they would not be in the possession of the English in six days ? '' He assured the senate , `` that if they calculated on the forbearance of the English , they would be deceived ; '' and to ridicule the notion , that , after the decisive step of declaring war had been taken , any thing would postpone for a day the vengeance of Great Britain ; `` You are not to imagine , '' says he , `` that England will complaisantly wait till you are prepared to repel her attacks . She is not so simple in her enmity. '' —Alas ! Sir , gen. German gave us credit for a promptitude which we did not possess ; for a quicker sense of insult and injury than belongs to us—we have shewn ourselves more simple than the orator supposed us . We have waited till America is prepared . The decisive step of war was taken , and our vengeance yet sleeps . Nothing has happened in consequence of the American declaration of war , except that America has captured our ships and attacked our provinces . But as for the prophet of our resentment , his influence is lost for ever . This injurious mode of backing our friends by falsifying their arguments has probably silenced the advocates 75 for peace with England , and left us without a prediction in our favour on one side of congress , or an apprehension of our vengeance on the other.—Tremendous must have been , even among the stoutest-hearted of the advocates for war , the notion of the mischiefs which we could inflict upon the coasts and navy of the Uuited States . How they must now laugh at their own apprehensions ! Tremblingly as they approached to the first acts of war , what have we not done to re-assure their nerves , and to take away from them every reason to wish for the discontinuance of hostilities ? If , however , any man can show me , that six months spent in impotent hostility , and that to negociate with an enemy 's fleet instead of capturing it , are the modes `` of making a cause just , I submit . But , Sir , if it be so very desirable to put ourselves in the right , surely there was a shorter way . The declaration of war on the part of America was received about the end of July . It imputed to us , beside the Orders in Council ( which have been sufficiently discussed here to render any further observations upon them necessary ) , other substantive grounds of quarrel . This document , in the face of the world and of posterity , remains unanswered ! —Is it not the custom of European diplomacy , when a declaration of war imputes to one nation provocations to hostility , for the nation so accused to answer that declaration ? If , then , it was so desirable to be in the right , why were not means resorted to by the executive government to rebut the attack ? Why is there not on the table of this House , and why was there not dispersed through Europe a distinct and satisfactory