gentleman then generally defended the plan proposed by his hon . and learned friend near him , and maintained that all the objections urged against that plan by the last speaker , even allowing that they stood uncontradicted , could have no weight against the evils of the measure now before the House , the principal of which would be to estrange in a short time the Lord Chancellor from his high judicial functions . One point more he would put to the candour of the noble lord opposite , and he was sure that appeal would not be made in vain . He had himself no objection to the Bill going into a committee , as he was anxious to hear the amendments which had been announced from various quarters , but he hoped that after the Bill had gone through that stage , the noble lord would not press immediately the consideration of the Report . supported the Bill ; but from the low tone in which he spoke , it was impossible to collect the greater part of his speech . The evil which called for remedy arose in part in the Court of Chancery , and in part in the House of Lords . To the inconvenience in the latter place the Master of the Rolls could apply no adequate remedy . He also supported the Bill , on the ground , that the Lords had approved of it , and that as the arrear of causes lay with them , it was natural to suppose they were the most competent to ascertain the remedy . said , that it was not his intention to press a decision on the Bill , until it was printed with the amendments , and in the hands of the members . There was no desire to hurry it through , nor to call for any decision , till an opportunity was afforded for every member , to make himself fully acquainted with the nature of the measure proposed , and ascertain whether or not it was likely to be efficacious in remedying the evil under which the country laboured . He should propose Friday , or that day se'nnight , as the day for bringing up the Report . said , that before going into the committee he should say a few words on the provisions in this Bill , and in the first place offer some remarks on the 538 plan of his hon . and learned friend . In this plan there was no innovation on the existing judicial constitution , but it called into use those means , which , though dormant , yet resided in it at that hour , ft consisted merely in that remedy which all courts had recourse to on an increase of their business , namely , to increase their sittings . It was not necessary for his hon . and learned friend to move specifically the plan he had submitted to the House ; it was enough for him to have pointed out a way by which the evil now before the House could be obviated . The Cockpit business had been said to belong peculiarly to the Master of the Rolls . But the fact he believed , was , that before the present Master of the Rolls ' predecessor , certainly , in the time of sir T. Sewell , that judicial officer did not take part in this business . He was not quite sure whether lord Kenyon had ever attended in that court ; but he knew that before him no Master of the Rolls had ever exercised such a function . The attendance of the Master in the Cockpit was therefore itself a novelty , and if it was contended that the new duties , which his hon . and learned friend proposed to impose upon him , would interfere with his other avocations , then let a new office be created , but let it be an effectual one , for the particular purpose of presiding in that court of appeal . If an additional judge were necessary , it would surely be better