and less liable to objections on constitutional grounds . His opinions were sufficiently known on the subject of economy ; but whenever economy alone was opposed to measures of a more substantial nature , it ought undoubtedly to give way . His objection to the present Bill was , that the remedy proposed would be found totally insufficient for the purpose for which it was intended , and it was 469 a most deplorable state for a country like this to be in , that the delays in the Court of Chancery and House of Lords were such as to amount almost to a denial of justice . It had been stated , that the project came recommended by all the gravity and knowledge of the upper House . That branch of the legislature had thought proper to discuss the principle of a measure which he had sent up to them , and he should now hold himself at liberty to examine the wisdom of the principles on which the present Bill was founded . He should first examine its preamble . Although the House of Peers there stated that Writs of Error , and Appeals to parliament , had greatly increased in their House ; and although they stated that the delay was heavy on the suitor , and was a stigma on the justice of the country , there was not one word as to how they were to be enabled to attend more frequently to that branch of their duty ; but as a remedy , they said , they would relieve another person in another court . But , provided the House were to adopt this measure , had they any power to procure the attendance of noble lords ? It did not appear that they would have any reasonable expectation of a better attendance in that House than in times past . The noble lord who presided had no power to compel the attendance of the Lords . He had not found the other peers as yet willing to co-operate with him : Would attendance be more palatable , because more frequent ? In that House ( the Commons ) they were obliged to compel the attendance of the members ; but he believed the House of Lords did not exercise any such power ; that the summons sent on some occasions , was a mere matter of form which their lordships might either obey , or not , as they pleased . But the House of Peers might also enforce the attendance of their members , and the arrear of causes required a much more diligent attendance . At present there was no regular mode of enforcing their attendance : they attended in consequence of a summons if they pleased , and neglected to attend if they pleased . The House of Lords was scandalously dilatory . It was in the recollection of many persons now in that House ( who were managers of the impeachment of Mr. Hastings ) , how small a portion of time was allotted by the House of Peers to that trial , although the eyes of the country were upon them . The delay was to the debasement of the justice of the 470 country , and it was now impossible to carry on an impeachment on any complicated question . The author of this Bill had so far forgotten the privileges of that House , as in a publication of his , to make a charge of delay upon it , and to state , that the conduct of the House of Commons was reprehensible , and all the loss of time on the Bill was to be attributed to them . This was an indignity upon that House , which would not have been borne in better times . But they had not lost any time in proceeding with the Bill . The consequence of the proposed alteration would be , that the business of the Court of Chancery would be done by a person inferior in learning and abilities to the present Lord Chancellor , and that the business of Appeals would stand still as