whom ministers borrowed this measure of repeal . Yes , they abandoned their own opinion upon that question , and adopted that of their adversaries , which no doubt furnished a strong proof of their vigour , firmness , and perseverance . But even with reference to those adversaries , ministers could not now rest upon formerly expressed opinions or predictions as to the consequence to be expected from a repeal of the Orders in Council ; because , although they agreed to the measure upon the advice of their adversaries , they acted upon it in an opposite spirit . They were dilatory , and apparently reluctant in the adoption of this measure of repeal , and they ought , upon various grounds , to have seen its utter inefficiency to pacify America . They ought , in fact , to have expected and been fully prepared for war with America ; they ought , as statesmen , to have known that the American government had been long infected with a deadly hatred towards this country , and ( if he might be allowed an unusual application of a word ) with a deadly affection towards France . It was absurd to suppose that governments were not as likely as individuals to be influenced by passion—that they were not more apt to act from the impulse of their own vices or corruptions than from a consideration of the interest of those over whom they presided . Therefore no statesman should or would conclude , that because it was contrary to the interest of the American people to engage in war with this country , the American government would shrink from such a measure . Indeed , in this instance no such conclusion could be deemed in the slightest degree excusable , for the disposition of the American government was quite evident , and therefore common policy should have urged ministers to prepare fully for the event , and they should have made adequate exertion either to pacify , to intimidate , or to punish America . No means should have been unprovided effectually 35 to repel the audacious attack which the American government had ventured to make upon us . Nothing of this kind , however , had been done , and America had been suffered to commence , and , for a time , to carry on hostilities , even un-threatened with danger to herself . That attack would yet , he trusted , be completely avenged ; that the most extensive exertions would be made to convince the American government of its folly and desperation , and he had no doubt that the best hope of peace with that government would rest upon the manly and vigorous employment of our resources to make it feel sensibly the consequences of war . The only remaining topic in the Speech to which he had to refer , was that with respect to India , in which he felt a peculiar interest . And here he would repeat the wish which he took occasion to express last session , that the affairs of our Indian empire should be fully investigated by their lordships before any system for its future government was finally determined upon . He meant that the whole question should be brought before their lordships , not in the shape of a bill for legislation , as it was proposed last session , but in a distinct and separate form for deliberate inquiry , in order that it might be examined in all its details . He was happy to learn that his noble friend at the head of the Board of Controul , was diligently employed in considering this subject , and he trusted that the result of his intelligent deliberation would be the suggestion of a course of measures , creditable to himself , honourable to this nation , advantageous to the interests of the whole empire , but above all , calculated to promote the interest and happiness of the great mass of population subject to our dominion in India . He again expressed his hope that the concerns of India would be fully discussed