the Catholics , an opinion which must remain unchanged , as he had now little expectation of ever learning the English language better than he already did . said , he would not trespass on the time of the House by dilating on a question in its more general bearings , so much better understood by many persons in the House than he pretended to understand it ; but in the capacity of a military man , he could not forbear offering a few observations on it , as it was connected with military affairs . He could not conceive from any thing with which his experience had made him acquainted , that there was any danger in admitting the Catholics to stations of rank and command in the army ; their loyalty was known ; the proofs of it were innumerable : and from them he would select a few prominent features snfficient in themselves to do away any jealousy that might be felt with respect to their views and wishes . He recollected , when in the year 1793 , the expedition sailed from Ireland for the West Indies , which was commanded by that skilful and gallant officer sir Charles Grey , than whom no man ever deserved better of his country—a man , who was equally eminent in the field and the cabinet—that officer had uniformly praised the conduct of the Irish , troops , which formed a considerable part of his force , and had attributed principally to their valour the important conquests he had effected ; now two-thirds of these Irish soldiers were Catholics . A number of Irish Catholics also served in Egypt under generals sir Ralph Abercromby and lord Hutchinson , and most materially contributed to the important successes which had been gained there ; they had fought in numbers and with their wonted gallantry in Holland , and were now fighting in the peninsula . When he looked , then , at the devoted zeal with which these people were ever ready to shed their blood in defence of their country , or for the augmentation of her glory , he did not feel himself justified in voting against a Committee which was to inquire whether that country could with safety confer on 858 them a reward they had toiled so arduously to obtain . He wished them to obtain every privilege which could with safety be granted them , and nothing more ; and he wished the conduct of the legislature and the government towards them to be on all occasions such as would , by liberality on the one part , beget confidence on the other . in a maiden speech , said : —Mr . Speaker , I trust I shall be excused from trespassing upon the patience of the House , in shortly stating the reasons which induce me to give my vote in favour of going into a committee . Every one must , I think , be aware that the question , now offered to be submitted to your consideration , is one most deeply interesting to the welfare , most important to the interests , of Ireland , and consequently to those of the empire . In this point , at least , all parties are agreed ; all are aware of its importance , though they differ as to its merits . As such , Sir , it justly challenges every consideration , every attention , which the legislature can bestow upon it ; that , whatever may be the ultimate decision , whatever the result , it may be one , which has been matured by deliberation , and corrected by inquiry . It was with this view of the subject , with this impression of its importance , and from a laudable anxiety to fulfil the first duty of legislators , by an ample investigation of the complaints of their petitioners , that the late House of Commons entered into that Resolution which is recorded on their Journals . With this view , they bound themselves by a pledge which , had not their existence been terminated by the election of