charge was addressed to men who could never have attended the debates in this House—who had never heard Mr. Fox pronounce his eternal and immutable opinions upon this question . If such an attempt had been made here , we should have treated it with merited detestation ; but it appears to have been intended for men ignorant of any opinions but those which were dictated to them . But never , Sir , was there a more unsuccessful attempt than that to deprive the Catholics of the sanction of Mr. Pitt 's authority . When the right reverend prelate urged as a reason for doubting his favourable intentions towards them , that he had never confided any plan to my lord Eldon ; he might as well have said , that he was also insincere in the opinions he delivered in this House against the Slave Trade , because he never communicated any specific plan for its abolition . And yet , Sir , if any man were to ask me if I considered him insincere on that account , I should at once say it was impossible for those who had felt the effects produced by his eloquence , to doubt his sincerity . I would also say , that it was equally impossible for any person to doubt the sincerity of his opinions in favour of the Catholics , who ever heard him speak in this House on the subject , and when they coupled with his opinions so delivered , the paper circulated by my lord Cornwallis at the close of his administration . I must maintain , therefore , that we have the authority of Mr. Pitt . We have also the authority of Mr. Fox , Mr. Burke , Mr. Windham , and of one whom Ireland owns as one of the most illustrious of her sons , and whom I hope we shall soon see again in this House , Mr. Sheridan , a name of which his native land must always be proud . Like weeds in a rank soil , which are no sooner cut down than they spring up again , the arguments brought forward against the claims of the Catholics are no sooner refuted , than they are urged again , with increased pertinacity . So it was , Sir , in the question for the abolition of the Slave 955 Trade , until , after a struggle of twenty years , the blessed day arrived when our opponents were at last driven out of the field , and that great measure was accomplished . One right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Ryder ) declared himself not averse to concession to the Catholics at some period or other , but disapproves of going into a committee at present . This , he contends , could not be construed by the Catholics into a refusal to take their claims into consideration . What , said the right hon . gentleman , have you not been gravely deliberating on this subject of their claims for these eight or ten years past , and if this committee should be refused , is not any member of the House at liberty to bring forward another motion on the subject to-morrow ? But does he think that the speech of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , regularly made every session , with an abortive attempt as regularly made to answer it in the grave and solemn manner of the right honourable gentleman—does he think that sufficient to satisfy the just expectations of Ireland ? Does he think that Ireland will go on contentedly if nothing more definite is resolved on in her favour ? A right hon . gentleman whom I have always believed to be most sincere in the opinions he delivers in this House ( Mr. Yorke ) has told us , that the Catholics of the present day continue to be imbued with all the old prejudices of that sect . The bishop of Lincoln , in his episcopal Charge , has thought proper to lay it down as a maxim to his clergy , not