brought out as a stumbling block , and the American government well knew that we could not sacrifice the principle on which it was founded , without subverting our dearest rights ; and yet they instructed Mr. Pinckney to demand not only the repeal of the Orders in Council , but the relinquishment of the blockades of 1806–7 as indispensible to pacific agreement . 625 Even up to the present period , they found America always anxious to keep alive something of ill-will and ferment ; and why she went to war in 1812 , rather than in 1809 , it was impossible to say ! Indeed , they had declared then ( 1809 , ) that they considered themselves entitled to go to war without notice ; and had since so incessantly kept up the cry of the `` wolf , '' that no one would believe they were in earnest till the war really took place . This strange disposition he assigned to the party politics and party spirit which prevailed , and with which America had more to do than with her foreign relations Under Washington she was true to her own interests , and continued so while his influence subsisted , even after he had descended into the grave . Subsequently to this , however , his influence subsided and a new system ensued—the party at present in the controul of affairs obtained power , to the retention of which they had directed all their exertions ever since . For this they procured a majority in the representation , which , like their majority in the country , was fictitious . Their majority in the representation was founded on the slavish population , and this was well known to be a very great grievance to the Northern States , and the white people who inhabited them . But having got into power , this party were anxious to preserve it , which they did by creating new states , with new representatives of their own sort , and for senators , they had a return of them from the desert districts of the South . There were , he rejoiced to say , many men of honour , worth , and talents , in America , who were an honour to that or any other country . Witness , for example , the distinguished and celebrated orators of Virginia . But , generally speaking , they were not a people we should be proud to acknowledge as our relations . He did not mean any disparagement to the native Americans , but alluded to the very numerous emigrants from Europe , among whom , he was sorry to say , those from the sister island were conspicuous , and there were no fewer than six United Irishmen in the American congress , remarkable for their inveterate hostility to this country , for the war With which they had all voted . With the exception of the capital , where men were well informed and sensible , the mass of the inhabitants of Pensylvania were ignorant and boorish in their manners . 626 But in the Northern States , an Englishman might travel with pride and pleasure ; finding there , men endowed with uncommon affection for their country , and also with a natural affection for that country which was their parent stock . It was in that quarter , in New England , where they were most affected by the Orders in Council and the blockade ; for out of 1,424,000 , the whole tonnage of America , their share amounted to four-sevenths ; and yet all to the north of Hudson 's there was no cry against these Orders , but the cry was raised in the middle states which possessed a very small proportion of shipping . But for this cry raised in parts not at all affected by the naval grievance , the differences between the countries might have been settled . Whether the difference as to impressment could be settled , he was not aware , but this he could state—after the war had been declared a few days , he