allow would be a very serious evil . The Court of Chancery , as an appellant court , would lose its consequence in the eyes of the country . If the Chancellor did not live with lawyers ; if he was himself a politician , would he not be apt to make choice of politicians rather than lawyers for judges ? The magnitude of the evil , therefore , was , as he had already said , nothing less than a change in the whole of the judicial constitution of the country . Having shown that such would be the evil resulting from the disengagement of the Lord Chancellor from a great portion of his judicial duties , he would proceed to enquire , whether , in point of fact , it was likely that the Bill before the House would so disengage the Lord Chancellor , and lead to the evils which he had anticipated ? The Bill bore to be framed on the principle , not to render the duties of the office less laborious , but to provide an assistance for the dispatch of that increase of business which the labour of the Chancellor could not possibly perform . It was not to make the Chancellor of the present times less engaged than the Chancellors of former times , nor to detach from the office any of those duties which had hitherto pertained to it , but to provide for the increase of business which had since taken place . The Bill was calculated to relieve the public rather than to relieve the Lord Chancellor . The great objection which he had to the measure was , that thus professing merely to provide the means of getting rid of that increase of business which the Lord Chancellor was unable to transact , it tended to afford him an opportunity of disengaging himself from a great portion of his judicial duties , and of that business which he was able to transact , and which he had hitherto transacted The first question to be considered was , what was the extent of the increase ? In very recent times , 16 or 20 years ago , the person who was Lord Chancellor was 522 not only adequate to discharge the judicial but the political duties of his officer By political duties he meant merely his duties as Speaker of the House of Lords , and a cabinet minister , and not as President of the Court of Appeal . Now , if he were to suppose that the business of the Court of Chancery had been even doubled since that period , it by no means followed that if another judge were to be appointed , that judge would not have the whole of his time occupied , because the Chancellor had formerly a great part of his time occupied by the discharge of political duties , and consequently if it had not been for these duties must have been able to dispatch a great deal more of Chancery business . But to say the business was doubled within the last twenty years was a proposition so utterly extravagant as not to be entertained for a moment . Should they state the increase at one half ? This was a supposition , when compared with the fact , almost as extravagant as the other . But say it amounted to one half ? what would be the quantity of time unemployed ? There was first the time occupied in the political duties , and then ' half the rest of the time . But there was something like a measure to estimate the amount of the increase by—he said something like a measure , for from the nature of the subject it was obvious , that no precise measure could be obtained . The actual quantity of the accumulation was known , and by dividing it into years , beginning with the year when the excess first happened , they would have the measure of the excess from year to year . If the period , for instance , was 20 years , it would be exactly the