the Resolution submitted for the approbation of the House . observed , that his right hon . friend and himself had last night stated all that they could recollect on the subject of the hon . gentleman 's inquiry . For several years a considerable number of barracks had been in progress in Ireland , in order to relieve the civil community from the great pressure of the troops , and to save to the public the expence of hiring buildings for the purpose . Several of those barracks were to have been completed by the end of 1812 ; although he was not aware whether they had actually been so completed . Another description of barracks was also in such forwardness in Ireland , as to be expected to be brought to a completion in the present year . The effect of agreeing to the hon . gentleman 's amendment would be , that these works , so begun , would be suspended ; and that the money already expended would be totally lost to the public . If the hon . gentleman wished for more detailed accounts on the subject he was sure that his hon . friend would be very ready to produce them . declared , that he would not press his amendment if the right hon . gentleman would assure him , that he would lay before the House all these details , which in his opinion were indispensible on the subject . Mr. Peele having intimated that he had no objection to the production of the information required , and that the hon . gentleman might have had it before had he chosen to move for it , Mr. Fremantle withdrew his amendment . said , that as perhaps after the Speaker had left the chair , he should have no opportunity of delivering his sentiments on the important question then be- 1195 fore the House , he trusted to their indulgence for a short time , while he briefly expressed his sentiments upon the subject : and he hoped , at the same time , that no accusation of intolerance or bigotry would be preferred against him , for the opinions he was about to utter . He was as sincere a friend to tolerance , when it could be safely granted , as the hon . gentlemen who were the warmest advocates of the Catholic cause , and he was confident he might say the same of the respectable clergy of the city he had the honour to represent ( Canterbury . ) They had , it was true , presented a petition against the claims of the Roman Catholics , but it was on the grounds he had just professed , and which were not removed by the propositions of the right hon . gentleman who had introduced the motion . That right hon . gentleman did not appear to him to have established sufficient grounds to overset at once all the land-marks of the constitution , as settled by the Bill of Rights . This fundamental law of the land had been attacked on account of the temper of the times it which it was enacted . No reference , however , had been made to the time in which , previous to that , Roman Catholics enjoyed civil power in this country ; and this he considered on the part of the hon . gentlemen opposite , as a proof of discretion ; for surely their conduct in those times of their power , would not have disposed the House in favour of the motion ; nor had he referred the House to the example of other countries where the Catholics enjoyed political power , and where the concord and conciliation of all classes of the inhabitants had been thereby promoted . The hon . gentleman then commented on the perpetual variations in the conduct of the Roman Catholics of the present day . He was afraid that by yielding to the demands of the Catholics , the very reverse of concord and conciliation would be the consequence as long as they professed their obnoxious doctrines . The Catholics