not to see from the commencement to the termination 640 of all the proceedings of the government of the United States an eager desire to gain possession of our North American territories : a plan long cherished , and not wholly , I fear , repugnant to the sentiments even of that party in the United States whom it is usual to designate as our friends . Even when their whole military establishment was 1,000 men , the American government and its partizans loudly proclaimed their sanguine hopes of victory in an expedition against British America , and delighted their fancies by imaginary conquests . I say , that even those who are called our friends in the United States are not averse from this enterprize , and would be won by the acquisition of Canada to the support and approbation of the war . But I use the expression `` friends of this country '' —as I do that of friends of France , —not as implying on the one hand a British influence , nor on the other hand imputing an actual conscious subserviency to Buonaparté : ( though it must be owned that for the latter imputation there are appearances of but too probable grounds : ) but simply as designating the two parties in the United States who respectively think the interests of their country best consulted , the one by a British , the other by a French connection . And here I must confess that the censure of the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) upon that part of the noble lord 's ( lord Castlereagh 's ) speech which referred to the period chosen by the American government for declaring war , appears to me exceedingly ill-founded . The noble lord 's remarks upon that subject did not appear to me unjust or unnecessary . Looking at the present state of the world , who shall say what America might not have achieved ? Not by mixing in the contest , and involving herself in the complicated relations of European politics ; ( for I have never wished to see America involved in the war , ) but merely by abstaining from the course which she has unfortunately taken , by refusing to administer to the passions , to flatter the hatred of the tyrant , to afford him that new hope of victory , and that consolation in defeat , which he boasts of deriving , from the diversion of our means , and the distraction of our efforts by the Amecan war ? [ Hear , hear ! ] —What assistance might she not have rendered to the late glorious struggle in the north , not by active concert , but merely in forbearing to aid Buonaparté 's arms by 641 partly occupying ours ? Who would have expected to have seen this favourite child of freedom leagued with the oppressor of the world ? — [ Hear , hear , hear ! ] —She who , twenty years ago , shed her blood for independence—she that , ever since that time , has boasted of the superiority of her citizens above all the nations of the globe—she that , watched over in her infancy by Great Britain , with parental tenderness and anxiety , nursed in the very lap of liberty , and educated in the school of republicanism , is now seen truckling to France , and condescending to become the tool of an ambition which threatens to lay prostrate at its feet the independence of every government , and of every people ! Is this the same nation that we once remember to have heard shouting for emancipation ? Is this the people that was to set an example of magnanimity to the world ? I can scarcely believe it : I would willingly persuade myself that I am deceived ; but facts can not be discredited , and I behold the free republic of America lending her aid to crush those principles to which she owes her own existence , and to support the most desolating tyranny that ever afflicted the race of man.— [ Hear