considered the subject as to form a definite plan ; and if , with this circumstance , we couple subsequent facts , would it be too much to infer , that there is a probability that Mr. Pitt , after more mature consideration , and perhaps after a more full and more correct information relative to the state of Ireland , might , in some degree at least , change his opinion respecting the importance or the practicability of that measure , which he once had in contemplation.—By practicability , I mean its consistency with the safety of tour established church ; a standard to which Mr. Pitt invariably referred.—But , whatever may be thought of this inference , it seems undeniable that a substitute for the present test was a matter of great difficulty , even to Mr. Pitt ; and no one will presume to assert , that he ever had in contemplation the unconditional and unqualified repeal of all disabling statutes . His comprehensive genius , his almost intuitive quickness in removing obstacles , and in devising plans , upon every subject to which human intellect is competent , are well known ; and it can not be denied , that the proposal of a plan , effectual to the purpose in question , and free from all danger and objection , would have been highly to his honour , as well as a complete justification of his conduct . But he never did propose such a plan—and , after the time to which I allude , he never declared that he believed such a plan to be practicable . And who will hope to succeed where Mr. Pitt failed ? Who will enforce the necessity of perseverance in a measure which Mr. Pitt abandoned ? Who will say that that measure 16 indispensable , which Mr. Pitt consented 766 not only not to bring forward , when placed in the responsible situation of first minister of this country , but if brought forward from any other quarter , to resist and oppose ? Reflection seems to have convinced Mr. Pitt that he had attached more importance to the measure than it really deserved ; for he almost instantly declared that he would never bring forward , nor support , the measure , during the present reign . Did this look as if he considered it as of vital importance ? Or , if he had considered it of vital importance , and had been conscious of possessing ft plan safe and practicable , would he not , when he found his health declining , have left it in writing , to be hereafter adopted ? When circumstances would permit , would he not have communicated it to some confidential friend ? I will venture to affirm that no such writing was left—no such communication was made . It is by no means a matter of surprise that gentlemen who favour the popish claims should wish to avail themselves of Mr. Pitt 's great name ; and my anxiety that more weight may not be given to his authority than circumstances will really justify , must be my apology for having entered into these particulars . The advocates for the unconditional repeal of the disabling statutes can not appeal to Mr. Pitt , as of this he had no idea—nor can it be said that any one specific plan of substitution , which may be proposed , would have had his approbation . The utmost which can be said is , that Mr. Pitt had once a general idea that a plan might be devised for admitting Roman Catholics to office , and situations of trust and power , without endangering the constitution ; but there is no ground for asserting that he retained this opinion till his death : and there is a moral certainty that he never did form such a plan , and that he never would have consented to the removal of these statutes , without substituting others which , in his opinion , would afford equal security for the preservation of our civil and religious liberties . Sir , I am aware