a feeling seemed to pervade the minds of certain persons , that a peace should not be concluded with that man—a feeling which he wished to eradicate from this country ; for , in the probable course of events , we should be obliged to make peace with him . Let him , then , be sent to , openly and manfully ; the fate of the mission would be speedily known ; and the issue would be , a conviction on the minds of every one , whether a permanent and honourable peace could be procured or not . wished to make a few observations on what had fallen from some of the preceding speakers . An hon . gentleman had alluded to the expenditure of 1809 . In that year , the bills drawn from the peninsula on this country amounted to 2,800,000l . In the present year they amounted to 11,500,000l . So much for the comparative expenditure of the war during these two years ; and so much in answer to those who imagined that government had not made the most strenuous exertions in support of the war in the peninsula . In answer to the assertion of an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Creevey ) who said he had read all the king 's speeches to parliament , and that in all of them mention was made of the commerce and revenue of the country , he would mention that in the years 1809 and 1807 , no reference whatever was made to the state of the revenue or commerce . With respect to the allusions to a tax on capital , which he was said to have announced , he begged leave to recommend to the attention of the hon . gentleman who charged him with this , the treatise of Dean Swift on Political Lying . He never declared that a tax on capital was to be proposed . All that he said was , that such a measure had been resorted to in other countries ; in Holland , Switzerland and Hamburgh for example , and that he believed it might be practicable in this country ; but he stated , that he was far from thinking that we had arrived at such an emergency as made this scheme necessary here . An 129 hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) had thought proper to say , that we were beaten at sea by the Americans , because one ship of inferior force had been taken by another of superior ; and a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) had stated that our commerce had been swept from the ocean by the Americans . With respect to our commerce , he had to state , that till the accounts from all the out-ports could be obtained , which was impossible till the end of the year , a correct estimate could not be formed of it . However , to judge from the port of London , where a great proportion of the trade of the country was carried on , the inference would be highly favourable . In the first ten months of last year , the exports from the port of London , in official value , amounted to eight millions and a half , and in the first ten months of the present year , they exceeded thirteen millions , a greater sum than for the same period of any former year , except 1809 , which was the greatest ever known . No doubt the interruption of the American trade was severely felt in many parts of the country ; but it would be matter of great triumph to Mr. Gallatin , if at the commencement of Congress he could give such an account of the commerce of America . In the amount of the revenue of last year , there was only a deficiency of 90,000l . a very small sum indeed in a total of sixty millions . said , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had stated , as a matter of triumph , that 11,500,000l . had been expended