all sects , with all their opinions , customs , and superstitions , a government does not respect , in effect , any right , any institution , any law of the Catholic church . Under such protection , is concealed a persecution , the most crafty and dangerous which can be exercised against the religion of Jesus Christ.—He does not love or understand our most holy religion , out of which 1011 there is no hope of salvation , who does not revolt at such an order of things . `` —These are the opinions of the supreme head of the church , upon the mere toleration of other worships . If so , what must be his opinions of a state of things , in which another worship is dominant , and the Catholic faith is in a state of depression ? Do I misrepresent the opinion when I say it can be no other than this , that such a state is an inverted and unnatural state , which can not continue without endangering the salvation of the country where it exists ? Is there any reason to suppose that the Catholic church of Ireland dissents from the opinions of the see of Rome , upon a subject so interesting to their common feelings ? I am sure I do not misrepresent the prelates of that church , when I describe them to be faithful disciples and votaries of that see , and most conscientious in their adherence to its tenets—and most singular it would be , if they deserted it , upon a point which is so immediately connected with their own personal interests of every species . It is quite impossible that they , of all men , should be better satisfied than the Pope himself is , with the Protestant ascendancy and with the comparative depression of their own church where they live ! But it is intimated that the Catholic laity hold no such opinions . In the first place , I look in vain for the evidence of that fact . In the second place , there may be , I believe , some more philosophical spirits , who entertain other opinions , but who are charged , in the suspicions of their brethren , with departing from the strict rules of faith , and whose general opinions , upon these matters , I must say , I have always found extremely difficult to reconcile with the superficial notions of that faith , which I have been able to collect from any exposition of them ; but , however that may be , I have not a doubt that the number of such persons is comparatively small , and that the general body of the faithful would follow their pastors upon such subjects . It is a remark of that profound observer , who has been stiled the chancellor of human nature , lord Clarendon , that any agreement which you may make with that class of men , will signify little , unless it is followed by the approbation of their clergy . Sir , in this state of opinions , I can not but think there is great hazard in arming such persons with the authority belonging to many of the situations , from which 1012 they are now excluded . Their opinions unavoidably exclude them . It is a very simple , and , I should have thought , a very inoffensive proposition . `` We can not invest you with power which , we think , will be employed injuriously to interests we hold dear and sacred , but which you hold mischievous and intolerable . We lament the necessity , but we are compelled to act upon the common principle of self-preservation . We are sorry to exclude persons , whose talents might be otherwise useful , and whose ambition , on their part , is fair , but whose talents and ambition would be fatal to our favourite establishments—and this without any crime on their part ; without any other conduct , than such as would be directed by their own moral and religious conscience .