Buonaparté 's power ; that his concordat will be Buonapartés concordat ; in short , ( hat he is not in a treatable condition . But if even that were not the case , there still remains the radical objection of a conscientious hostility to Protestant establishments . It is said , that no such apprehensions are entertained by other Protestant states . But they are no authorities upon the point . For , first , the Protestant religion is not deeply incorporated in their civil constitutions , if civil constitutions they have ; most of them being despotic states , in which the prince has a ready corrective , in his own hand , for any inconvenience which may be apprehended . In the next place , the Roman Catholics do not bear the same formidable proportion of numbers . Here is a great country , the population of which , is described to be generally Catholic ; at any rate , the Protestants are in a minority . If , to the advantage of such superior numbers , growing , as they have been described , in knowledge and in wealth , you add an equal access to power , how long will the equality subsist ? Is it in nature that it should not be overthrown ? You can meet the advantage of numbers , only by the advantage of the possession of power—by making the few govern the many ; the actual footing on which all governments exist , whatever be the theory on which they are founded . But if the majority ( so qualified ) have power , in conjunction with numbers , it is very easy to foresee how the minority will be disposed of . It is said , that all this assumes a principle of hostility , in Catholic minds , to 1016 Protestant establishments . Sir , if I could readily conceive the case of two great religious parties , equally and peaceably dividing the power of a great state , or engaging in struggles for it , with a total oblivion of their religious differences , I should be inclined to admit that no mischief might possibly follow . But I fear that that state of things is reserved for the times when the leopard is to be down with the lamb . Are we entitled to expects in his act that state of things from the past experience of that country ? Is there a country , in which religious zeal has made more intemperate and more persevering struggles for the possession of power ? Would these struggles be less violent and less persevering , when they advanced more to a footing of equality ; when the party , which complained of depression , had advanced nearer to the completion of their wishes . Look at the experience of other countries . What was the result of the treaty of Oliva , in Poland ? What was the result of the edict of Nantz , in France , celebrated as a master-piece of pacific policy ? And both founded on principles of distribution of power . Did not parties become envenomed , struggles more acrimonious , till allayed , at last , by a return ( though carried to most inordinate lengths ) to that policy , which the practice of most nations has been content to adopt , of giving a decided ascendant to that religion , which it approves ; and keeping its opponents , not in a degraded condition , but in that disarmed state , as to the possession of power , which is indispensably requisite for the preservation of that ascendancy . My humble , but confident opinion is , that the measure proposed , instead of being a measure of peace , will only sound the trumpet of religious and civil animosity . Sir , what is the measure proposed to us , by the right hon . gentleman , as the result of the really profound wisdom , which he has applied , to the consideration of the subject ? That we should pass an act , including the securities ,