Orders in Council originated . When any relaxation of those Orders took place , it had always been on the principle of accommodating neutral powers as far as was consistent with the preservation of the system of coercing France to the abandonment of that unjust and unjustifiable system by which she was endeavouring to exclude British commerce from the whole world . 599 With respect to the blockade of 1806 , now contended against by America , the fact was , that for a long period after its institution , it was wholly uncomplained of by the government of the United States ; it existed for three years , not only without an adverse representation respecting it on the part of that government , but actually with a special representation in its favour , made by the American minister at the court of London . It was a measure on the legitimate nature of which all political parties in this country agreed . Originating in Mr. Fox 's administration , the justice of it had been maintained by every government down to the present day . It rested on the ordinary and acknowledged principle of maritime law , viz . that the power by which it was instituted , possessed a force capable of maintaining it . He felt it to be due to the character of Mr. Fox to state that he did not institute that blockade until he had written to the Admiralty to know if they could support it by an adequate naval force , and it was only upon their answer in the affirmative that the measure was resorted to . He might also add , that in its execution a sufficient number of ships were employed to redeem it from any question even on the principle admitted by America herself , and by every other nation in the universe . On this point , therefore , he trusted that the character of this country stood on a ground wholly unimpeached . The question which remained to be considered , and indeed by far the most important question , was , that which related to the right of this country to impress British seamen found on board American merchant ships . He was sure that the House must be sensible that no question could be more closely interesting to the country , touching as it did upon one of the main features of our security , the support of our naval power . He would consider the general course adopted by the government of the United States on this subject , and would refer to the several overtures made by them upon it , in one point of view . In doing this , he should have occasion to advert to two letters from Mr. Russell , followed by one from the American agent at Bristol , and to the further discussions on the subject which took place in America between sir J . B. Warren and the American Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ; and the House would determine , on a view of the whole together , whether or not the course adopted by his Majesty 's government 600 was entitled to their approbation . In looking at this most important question ( and certainly a more important question to this country was never agitated ) , it might not be inexpedient to enter into a comparative examination of the claims of the two nations , and of the temper in which those claims had been respectively urged . He would be the last man in the world to under-rate the inconveniences which the Americans sustained , in consequence of our assertion of the right of search . All neutral nations must suffer more or less from the exercise of such a right on the part of a belligerent . But while he admitted that America unquestionably suffered this inconvenience , and while he allowed that the government of the United States was perfectly justifiable in endeavouring to preserve American citizens as much as possible from the pressure of it , he maintained that that government ought to have recollected , that the