repairing the Horse Guards . He had talked of buildings at Kew and barracks at Knightsbridge ; but there was no distinct specification of expences . As to the barracks in Ireland , he felt much inclined to divide the Committee upon that point , if it were only to punish the negligence of the noble lord , in coming to that House unprepared with proper information on the subject . He knew nothing about them ; neither where they were to be built , nor of what they were to be built , but he would enquire , and tell the House another time . The noble lord ought to wait till another time , then , before he had the money voted . He hoped his hon . friend 's Resolution respecting the paymaster to the forces , would be pressed to a division , for that it was a sinecure appeared from the mouth of the noble lord himself . It was better to have one paymaster at 4,000l . a year , than two at 2,000l . a year each , for then ministers would have , perhaps , one vote the less in that House . It was perfectly within the power of the Committee to annul the of- 1186 fice , and it would become them to shew the country that they were anxious to save the public money , and to abridge the influence of the crown in that House . said , he knew four of the places in Ireland at which barracks were established—Kilkenny , Newtown , New Bridge , and the neighbourhood of Dublin . No money was so well spent as that which was thus laid out , as he was confident that a great saving was effected by erecting permanent barracks . remarked , that the estimate should have contained an account of the sums expended , and likely to be expended , on each barrack , as was the case with the barrack estimates for England . As to another item of the Irish expenditure , nothing could be more galling to the public than to see sums of money voted annually to such an eminent public defaulter as general Delancy . said , that detailed accounts could not be expected in such cases at that of the Irish barracks . The hon . gentleman should have moved for such account in an earlier part of the session , and it would have been produced . allowed that this was the time for entering into a detailed examination of the expenditure of the army , but thought that the arguments which had been brought forward respecting insufficiency of detail , were only some of those parliamentary shifts to put off a decision on a question which were so well known to the hon . gentleman . His noble friend had not expressed his contempt of small savings , but had merely told the committee that he should deceive them if he led them to suppose that any considerable saving could be made in the Army Estimates , without as considerable a reduction of our military force . Indeed , of all the proposed savings , that which had been suggested on the local militia , was the only one of magnitude , and this could not be effected without departing from the principles laid down by parliament in its act relative to this force ; that this country should never be left without sufficient internal means of defence . Of this consciousness of security the country had often during the present war felt the advantage . In contradiction to what had been affirmed by an hon . gentleman opposite , he could assert that our army was on the increase , and particularly in the British part of it . The British recruits were , indeed , sufficient to cover the deficiencies 1187 in our army , at this time greater than at any period of our history . It was indeed a prodigy that we , who had never before had the character of a military nation , could present ourselves before Europe with 230,000 regular