health decay daily , would be glad for him to end his days in Paris , to the end that the Anti-pope , whom he certainly will endeavour to make , may appear with the better grace to succeed the immortal Pius 7 . But it is very clear the Pope named by Buonaparté will not be the real one , and those persons must be truly blind who allow themselves to be deceived . '' Very well ; this is the opinion of the compiler† of this book , who , no doubt , is a good Catholic . Why then do the Roman Catholics of Great Britain and Ireland hesitate about giving us some satisfaction beforehand , upon a point , which must be admitted to be of considerable importance , and upon which hitherto , as far as I know , they have been as silent and secret as the grave . Upon the whole matter it appears to me * Relation de ce qui se passa à Rome , & c. ( Vide Appendix ) . † The Abbé de la Trappe . 834 that the evident impracticability of coming to any satisfactory conclusion at present , and the various new circumstances which have arisen , since the Resolution of last session was adopted , are conclusive reasons against going into this committee . No gentleman ought to be considered as pledged in any manner , as to the vote , which he is to give , on the present occasion . Since the dissolution of the last parliament , the situation of affairs has been materially changed , with regard to the condition of the Pope ; with regard to the sentiments of the Roman Catholic body ; and above all , with regard to the opinions both of the British and Irish Protestants . Under these circumstances , I can not agree that it is possible to fulfil the words of the Resolution , to reconcile all parties , and to produce the general satisfaction and concord of all classes of hi '' Majesty 's subjects . On the contrary , it seems to me , that , by acceding to the motion , we shall do great mischief , as it will rather tend to keep alive , than to allay , religious disputes ; I shall therefore give the proposition my decided negative . .—Mr . Speaker , having concurred in the Resolution , which the House came to in the last session , of the last parliament , for going into a committee to consider the state of the laws affecting Roman Catholics , with a view to a satisfactory and conciliating adjustment , I should think myself guilty of a great inconsistency if I did not vote for the present motion . The petitions on the table of the House , against the Roman Catholic claims , are entitled to be treated with respect , and the petition from the University , which I have the honour to represent , is particularly entitled to this respect from me , from the personal knowledge I have of the character of many of its supporters : but , viewing the question as one , not of a local nor partial nature , but as affecting the common interests of the empire , I must exercise my independent judgment , whoever they may be from whom I differ . So far as the petition expressed an anxious desire for the security of our constitution in church and state , so far I cordially concur in it ; but so far as it might be conceived to imply an opinion that the continuance of all the restrictions , at present in force against our Roman Catholic fellow subjects , is essential to that security , so far I must take the liberty to differ from it . It is clear , from a review of the history 835 of the penal laws , that they were not so much aimed at the religion as at the politics of the Roman Catholics ; they can not be considered as essential parts of our constitution either