the utmost importance to the rights and interests of this country ; and thirdly , that it ought to be prosecuted with vigour and ability . There might be some differences of opinion as to the points connected with the progress of the negociation , but to those he would not now advert . His chief object was to look for the vigorous and able conduct of the war , but where was he to find the proofs of that ability which was so essentially necessary ? The noble viscount had asked , would you have blockaded the ports of the United States before a declaration of war ? Certainly not ; but was there not reason to believe , from the disposition of the American government , that war might be suddenly , as it had been , most hastily and inconsiderately , declared ; and would not men of wisdom and ability , or even of mere common sense , have taken care to provide a force on the station in the vicinity of the United States , in order that it might be ready to act upon any emergency . It had been said , that instructions had been sent to our admiral to dispose his force to act with effect in the event of a declaration of war ; but where was the wisdom of sending instructions to act , without the means of acting with effect . An inadequate force was stationed there , and then a parade was made of sending instructions to the admiral to adopt active measures of hostility in the event of a declaration of war , whilst the means of carrying into effect those measures were not placed at his disposal . He trusted a time would come , and that very shortly , for an enquiry into the mode of conducting this war . He trusted also , that it would be carried on with a vigour and ability commensurate to the importance of the objects at stake , and not upon the principles propounded by the first lord of the Admiralty . could not help expressing his satisfaction at what had been conceded that night , namely , that the war on the part of America had been a war of passion , of party spirit , and not a war of policy , of interest , or necessity . 585 Without entering into details , there was one observation which he must make on the subject of impressing seamen , which had been made the chief ground of complaint . The right claimed by us on that head was undoubted , yet it was at the same time liable to abuse . But if the war had proceeded from the abuse of that right , should we not see those parts of America calling for war which must in that case have been most aggrieved by the unjust exercise of that right ; whereas we found , that from the sea-ports of America , from all the eastern states , there came a loud and general cry against the war . No : the declaration for war , the strong passion for it , the settled aversion to peace , the determined hostility to this country originated in those states who could have no possible feeling of interest on the subject of impressing seamen . With their knowledge of the disposition of America to this country , his Majesty 's ministers , though still desirous of peace , had thought it right to be prepared for war , and they had made such preparations for it , they bad assumed such an attitude as was consistent with the other interests of the country , and the other arduous contests in which we were engaged . The noble marquis had brought forward a charge that some of the enemy 's ships had escaped . For his own part , it was matter of surprise and wonder to him , not that ships now and then escaped the vigilance of our commanders , but how they were taken . If we looked to the great naval light of this