way of their relief . But I would not wantonly offend even the prejudices of the church ; nor would I risk the great practical good which I think I may obtain , for the sake of doing every thing upon system . Limitation , exception , qualification , compromise , are not peculiar to this business ; they enter into all the business of human life , they controul and modify all human transactions . To do the greatest possible good with the least possible harm is , after all our endeavours , the nearest approach that we can hope to make towards perfection . Let us , therefore , go into the committee , with a sincere disposition to do all in our power to conciliate our Catholic fellow-subjects , without sacrificing to their interest , the interests of other portions of the community ; with a view not to partial kindness , but to public good . It would be , indeed , quite visionary to expect , that we should meet with no obstruction in our progress , from feelings in various quarters which can not , perhaps be entirely satisfied , from conflicting opinions which can neither be wholly admitted nor wholly set aside . We must do the best we can ; and I have little fear of any serious impediment from differences upon detail , provided the vote of this night shall establish the general principle of the measure . You dread foreign influence , arising from the correspondence with the see of Rome . A grave , a real source of just solicitude . But first I ask , `` does this correspondence exist now ? '' If it does , then there is no justice in bringing it as an argument arising from any thing now proposed to be done . On the contrary , that correspondence between the head of the Roman Catholic church and the Catholic clergy does now go on , has gone on for years , and you , the opposers of this measure , do not pretend to suggest any means of controuling it . What if I should propose , in this Bill , to place it under proper controul ; would not such an arrangement strengthen instead of repairing the security of the constitution ? Would it not be safer to have that intercourse carried on avowedly , but under inspection and superintendence , which is now carried on— 1068 illegally to be sure—but in fact carried on , in secret ; unacknowledged indeed , but uncontrouled ? I repeat it , I do not affect to think lightly of the importance , of providing against those dangers which might be apprehended as likely or possible to arise out of a grant of new privileges to the Catholics . I respect the honest prejudices of the Protestant mind ; but gentlemen must not set down to the account of the measure now in agitation , not only the dangers which they apprehend in prospect , but those which actually exist at the present moment . Far from wishing to check , or to circumscribe the examination of these slated dangers , I am anxious to explore them thoroughly ; I am anxious to carry the torch of discussion into all the remotest chambers of this haunted edifice , and to pursue into its inmost recesses these phantoms of peril , till they disperse and vanish before the light . The right hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Plunket ) , to whose speech I have before alluded with the praise which it deserves , suggested a notion of passing the Bill , provisionally , or rather conditionally ; of enacting that the provisions of the Bill shall take effect only on the happening of certain contingencies , I can not say that there is no case to which I might think that proceeding properly applicable . I should certainly much prefer it to the suggestion of the noble lord Castlereagh , of deferring to legislate at all , until communication should have been previously had with the Pope , and something on the