that the supply to our army in the peninsula was best secured by the present measure . The Bill then passed through the Committee . then said , that had it not been for some intimations of intended opposition which the reading of the Message had produced last night , he should have left the question ha was about to propose to be decided by the 325 unbiassed judgment and feelings of the House , with scarcely any attempt at observation . He still hoped that four-and-twenty-hours reflection might have convinced the gentlemen from whom those intimations proceeded , of the propriety of the measure recommended by his Royal Highness ; and in that hope he should trespass but a short time on the attention of the committee , and avoid as much as possible every topic upon which a difference of opinion could be entertained , because he felt that nothing could add so much to the grace and dignity of the proceeding , or stamp so much value on the gift which it was proposed to bestow , as its being sanctioned by the unanimous voice of the Commons of the United Kingdom . He first felt himself bound to give some account of the particular time at which the measure was proposed , because some gentlemen had spoken of it as a surprize upon the House , and appeared to think that it was on that account objectionable . It was , indeed , in one sense , a surprize , not only upon the House , but upon his Majesty 's ministers ; for it arose out of events which could not have been anticipated , and the intelligence of which had but just reached this country ; events of the most important and gratifying , yet , in some respects , of the most melancholy nature . While the enemy remained upon the Russian territory it was obvious that no relief of the kind now proposed could have been afforded ; because it could neither have been administered with certainty , nor enjoyed in security . But we have now the satisfaction to know , that the French armies have been driven with discomfiture and disgrace from the limits of the Russian empire . This , he hoped , would sufficiently account for the grant not being proposed at an earlier season , and he thought it would be obvious to every gentleman that it could not be delayed , without losing the grace and merit of a spontaneous gift , and sacrificing the dignity of the House , whom it became rather to lead than to follow the impulse of public opinion : for he was convinced that , if parliament were even for a few days to hesitate , the feelings of the people of this country would be so excited as to break out in some voluntary acts of public generosity , and parliament might be compelled to imitate an example which it better became them to give . The intelligence , however , to which he more particularly alluded , as rendering 326 this measure expedient , was that of a subscription entered into at Petersburg ! ) , at the head of which the Empresses and the rest of the royal family had placed themselves , for the relief of the greatest sufferers by the French invasion . Till this step was taken , it might have been doubted whether there were any practicable means of administering those comforts which the liberality of this country must wish to supply , but which would now be easy of application through the medium of the committers appointed for that purpose in Russia , who would enquire into particular cases , and apply relief where it most was needed , with the same anxious solicitude and discriminating care which had been so often displayed in similar cases in this country . In what manner the relief should be applied , whether in money or in any supply of necessary articles , or by a clue mixture of both modes , he could not at the moment be prepared to state . It might