which his majesty had always been in the habit of personally instituting into the cases of those unfortunate individuals , whose crimes had subjected them to the sentence of death , he observed , that the same description would have been strictly applicable to the conduct of his royal highness the Prince Regent on similar occasions . As to the address of the jurymen who had tried the silk case , he had no doubt that the hon . and learned gentleman knew the person by whom it had been drawn up . He did not believe the Petition to have been drawn up by the persons by whom it was 575 signed , nor by the hon . and learned gentleman , but by some one of his friends . , in explanation , warmly , and upon his honour , protested that he knew nothing of the origin of the Petition . One of the jurymen had called at his chambers two or three days before the execution of the sentence of the law , to say that such an address had been sent to the Prince Regent , and to ask if any thing could be done to support it . His reply was , that nothing could be done , but that he had no doubt all proper attention would be paid to the subject . He had forgotten this affair until a day or two ago , when he applied for and obtained a copy of the Petition . He repeated , that he had not the most distant conception by whom the address was written , it was a very ordinary and ungrammatical production , by no means above the level of the powers of composition of a common tradesman . denied having asserted or insinuated that the hon . and learned gentleman knew any thing about the Petition . He certainly had understood that it was written by a gentleman in habits of intimacy with the hon . and learned gentleman , and who took a similar view of the subject under discussion . was glad to hear the sentiments which he had so often expressed on the question before the House , confirmed by the Solicitor-General , who , it must be allowed by all , had more practical knowledge of the criminal law than any man in parliament . In his opinion the circumstances attendant on the case of the depredators on the river afforded the most ample proof of the advantage of allowing the law to remain on the statute book , for the purpose of being enforced on proper occasions . rose and observed , that the correspondence on the table with the United States of America was very voluminous , but he had the satisfaction to state that he should not have to trouble the House at any length upon it . To enter at length into 576 the correspondence was indeed wholly unnecessary . There might be differences of opinion on many points occurring in the course of the correspondence ; there might be a difference of opinion as to the policy of the Orders in Council , or the policy of repealing them , but he was satisfied there could be but one opinion in that House , approving of the conduct of government in rejecting the propositions of the government of the United States , or of the necessity of the vigorous prosecution of the war . The Address which he should have the honour to move , was confined to these points , and did not enter into any matter which was likely to lead to a difference of opinion . It became necessary to enter into some detail , which he would do very briefly . Early in May last , there being reason to apprehend that it was the object of the American government to instigate our croizers to acts of hostility , in order , by means of them , to incite the people of the United States to call for a war with this country , instructions were sent out to our commanders on that station cautiously to abstain from