, that no account was to be produced of the application of the sums voted last year . When such a vote had been given respecting past expenditure , it became his duty , and that of the House , to be the more cautious how they voted money now , without knowing in what manner it was to be applied . It was , therefore , his intention to move an amendment to the motion put from the chair , by proposing to leave out the word `` now , '' for the purpose of inserting the words , `` this day se'nnight . '' The right hon . gent . had a vote on which he could ground the Mutiny bill ; no mischief could consequently result from that short delay ; and as the various accounts in the estimates required to be maturely considered before they should be voted , he did not think it too much to expect that his amendment should be acceded to . Every item of the public expenditure ought to be scrupulously ex- 662 amined , but more particularly , after the speeches of the right hon . and hon . gentlemen opposite ( Messrs. Rose and Huskisson ) on a former night.—As to the question of the mounting of the cavalry , much difference of opinion seemed to prevail , and consequently some time might be necessary in order , upon due and deliberate consideration , to reconcile such differences . For his own part , he thought it much better to purchase efficient horses at 75l . than to purchase horses not fit to work at 25l . each . Most of the horses sent out to Spain would never be fit for use ; because the mode of training horses for the cavalry was likely to render them unfit for service , unless they were of the proper age when taken into training . He was of opinion that none ought to be purchased under the age of four or five years , in which case their immediate fitness for service would compensate for the difference of price , which could in no case be equal to the expence of keeping and training young horses.—The arrangement respecting the Manx fencibles drew a laugh from the noble lord himself , whilst stating it . The Manx fencibles were said to be intended to act against smugglers , whilst , according to every account , they were themselves the greatest smugglers in the island . He next came to the head respecting the local militia , which it was proposed to reduce in point of expenditure . Both he and an hon . friend , when the proposition for establishing the local militia was brought forward , had foretold all that had since happened . They had said that the expence would be enormous ; they were told , no , it would be moderate ; they had said that the establishment would interfere with the agriculture of the country ; they were told , no , the farmers would be glad of it . They had said that the measure in its progress would unsettle the occupations and habits of the people : the answer was , no , the men would return cheerfully from their training to their former occupations and ordinary business . But what was the case now ? Why , the House was told that the expence was so enormous , that unless it could be reduced , the establishment should be given up ; that the number of days of exercise should he reduced ; and that the habits acquired on duty tended to unsettle the occupations of the country . He was willing to attempt to make the local militia an efficient body , without the expence of 663 the staff . But he was apprehensive , that the sum proposed this year would not be sufficient . The sum voted last year was one million ; the sum to be voted this year was 000,000l . The local militia was to amount to six times the number of the regular militia . In