aware of the great extent of evidence necessary to enable them to decide on the policy , and to judge of the grounds on which the late Expedition was undertaken . He should feel it to be his duty to call for such documents and such evidence as might be required , as the inquiry proceeded . He supposed from the evidence the noble lord had summoned , that it was his intention first to proceed to the execution of the Expedition . If that were the case , and if the policy or expediency of the measure were 307 not at first brought before the House , he should feel it to be his duty to move at the same period of the inquiry for information on that subject . It would be presumption in him to lay before the House the case of the commanders or of ministers . He was glad the noble lord could not find the plan and the instructions he expected in the papers before the House . The grounds of the instructions on which the army were to act , were contained under the Sign Manual , and were of a general nature . They did not pretend to travel far into the detail of what was to regulate the conduct of the general . On the face of the admiralty instructions it would be seen they went more into the detail . The reason was , the admiralty being a professional Board were capable of instructing their officers how to act , which ministers could not do when sending out a general officer with a military force . It would be travelling further into the subject than he at present proposed doing , were he to go at large into the generally understood principle on which it was undertaken ; but at some period of the inquiry he should state to the House the nature of the service , the course taken in the execution of it , and the consideration whence his approbation proceeded , when he slated that that which had interfered with the ulterior objects of the Expedition had been removed by the fall of Flushing . The ulterior objects were undoubtedly Antwerp , and the shipping , arsenals , magazines , & c. in its vicinity . He should state his opinion of what had been done , and be ready to hold the officer from blame who had commanded the armament if it should appear he had done his duty . He wished to ask the noble lord if he intended first to call evidence as to the policy or the execution ? He had no wish to express on the subject . He wished entirely to conform to that mode of inquiry which the House in its wisdom should consider the best . He wished for the fullest inquiry to be made into his conduct , that it might be seen how far his influence had been exerted in advising the Expedition . said , that as it might not be possible to separate the policy from the execution he proposed to go by time . Beginning with the subjects connected with the documents of the earliest date , he thought they might commence with the policy , proceed with the conduct , and close with the evacuation of Walcheren . thought the orders of the 308 commander in chief to the officers under him appeared wanting . The production of the military journal of the staff officers he thought might supply the deficiency . gave notice that he should on Monday move for certain papers relating to the Expedition ; which had been omitted in the returns laid on the table . These papers would serve to make the whole complete , in order to a proper understanding of the question so far as related to the share which the admiralty board had in the Expedition . wished to know if the commander in chief of the Expedition had been instructed to proceed immediately to Antwerp , or if it was part of his orders to besiege Flushing first ? knew of no instructions but