a personal act of my own ; the words spoken had nothing to do with the transactions usually inserted in the log books of ships . Those who were on board can vouch for the correctness of the fact . As to the chart , I must address a few words more to the same gentleman , and state to this House , and pledge myself to prove if the Minutes are granted , that my chart is correct and is corroborated as to every point for which it was produced by the testimony of the master of the Caledonia , who after falsifying his own chart swears that the French ships lay , exactly , as I placed them . And here , Sir , I shall give a specimen of the evidence of those ingenious gentlemen the inventors of the fabricated chart , which was introduced for three reasons , to shew the confined state of the anchorage , the point blank shot of the batteries of Aix , and that no more of the enemy 's ships could have been got at , than those that were destroyed . In all these points , I pledge myself to prove the chart produced by the master of the Caledonia false , by the mouths of its fabricators themselves , and here is their evidence . First as to the space in the anchorage . Mr. Fairfax , on being asked , `` Is it much confined and the waters round it shoal ? '' —A . `` The space is much confined. '' —2 . '' `` Is the navigation of Aix roads difficult for large ships as far as you know ? '' —A . `` Very much so . `` —2 `` Did you know previous to the 12th of April , of any anchorage above the Boyart-shoal and near the Palles shoal , for line of battle ships out of range of the enemy 's shells ? '' — '' A . I knew of no anchorage. '' —2 . `` Have you acquired a knowledge of any such since ? '' —A . `` I have not. '' —2 . `` Were you in the road of Aix , after the British ships were placed for the purpose of attacking the enemy ? '' —A . `` No . '' So much for this gentleman 's knowledge of that to which he positively swears.—Now , Sir ; let us see Mr. Stokes 's evidence on this head . `` He does not know the distance between the sands 238 from his own soundings , '' yet he positively swears that `` the space for anchorage is much confined , and the water round it shoal , that it is difficult for large ships , and that the channel is very narrow . `` —Why , Sir , even by his fabricated chart , which he says he copied from the Neptune François , the channel is a mile wide , and neither bank or shoal between where our fleet lay and the Cassard and Foudroyant , which he has very injurously contrived to put in a corner , a mile distant from Aix , though in his evidence he swears they were only one third of the distance , and here is his deposition.— '' The Cassard and Foudroyant both lay afloat , the Cassard one third of a mile from Aix , the Foudroyant three cables length astern of her . `` —The reason , Sir , for making a corner between two shoals , and putting them in it , was to prevent the possibility of getting under their sterns and between them and the ships on shore , which , Mr. Stokes has sworn , `` lay on the Western part of the Palles shoal , the three decker on the north west edge of the Palles shoal , with her broadside flanking the passage , the N. W. part nearest to the deep water , '' although in his fabricated chart he has transported them from the N. W. part nearest to the deep water , to the S. E.