due diligence to satisfy themselves upon so important a point , they could have been so grossly deceived ? I do not deny that it is just possible , but how far it is probable is a question of a very different nature . For it must be recollected , that ministers do not stand in the condition of persons , who have lent too easy a faith to a state- 53 ment which was in itself , likely , though it turned out to be untrue ; but that they acted upon a supposition that was intrinsically contrary to all the rules of probability , and which it , therefore , required a mass of the best evidence to establish ; —namely , that the French were unprepared to defend the city of Antwerp . Therefore , in order to make out a case in their defence , it is necessary to prove , that a large number of competent witnesses concurred in a completely false representation of a most material fact . If they have any such case , it is for them to prove it bye and bye , and that is a point to which , in the course of that enquiry to which I contend parliament ought to pledge itself , our attention will naturally be directed . But , I trust that , in the mean time , I shall not be thought remarkably deficient in candour , if I profess that I utterly disbelieve in the existence of any such ground of justification . Now , Sir , with respect to the relief of Austria , which is understood to have been one of the objects originally in view , though it happens unluckily that the battle of Wagram was fought , and the armistice signed before the expedition sailed . One could have thought that when his Majesty 's ministers had decided the preliminary point , whether Austria could be effectually succoured or not , in the affirmative , the first object would have been , to occupy some part of those troops which Buonaparté was preparing to lead against her , and to encrease her chance of successful resistance by diminishing the number of her enemies . One would have also presumed that the most eligible point of attack was one , as near as possible to the seat of war ; a place where we might fight at least upon equal terms with our enemies , and if possible , by having the population of the country in our favour , to some advantage ; above all a place where we should have to deal with some of his best troops , some of those who might otherwise be employed in that great contest upon which everything else was to depend . Instead of that we industriously secure to ourselves every possible disadvantage . We make choice of a place as far as possible removed from the real seat of war ; a place surrounded by some of the strongest fortresses in Europe ; a place which could be only taken by surprise , and which , such was the accuracy of our intelligence , happened to be in a state of complete preparation when we arrived ; a place where the dis- 54 position of the inhabitants was not favourable , and where , if it had been favourable , it would have been unavailing . Even if we had succeeded , I know not what effect that could have had on the affairs in Germany . We must have retired again immediately . Before the news of our success could reach Buonaparté 's ears our retreat must have already begun . He must have known that we could not remain , and that as soon as we had seized the ships and destroyed the arsenal , we had nothing for it but to return home with all possible expedition . But putting the case differently : suppose we could have remained , or that it would have been worth our while to remain till he could send a large force to drive us out . Still did they