, as in the present instance , so monstrous an oppression prepared for Ireland , to produce so ridiculously trilling an alleviation of the misfortunes of Jamaica ; or rather no alleviation whatever , for it is a fact , which , but that I state it from papers which can not err I should fear was too paradoxical to obtain me credit from the Committee , but it is a fact , however curious , that in the last year , when you compelled us to consume sugar in our distilleries , we have imported less sugar into Ireland than in the year immediately preceding , by 3,500 hogsheads . Sir , if we had imported a quantity greater by 3,500 hogsheads , it would be an encrease which the gentlemen of the West Indies would spurn to acknowledge as an obligation , but when it is actually a decrease , it seems to throw a ridicule upon the whole project ; it compels us to cry out , this is too monstrous to go on ; we can not consent to abandon the revenue , and to sacrifice the agriculture of our country to produce such a result . It is what the moderation of West Indians can not expect , what the spirit of Ireland never can submit to , and what the impartial justice of the British Parliament never can inflict . could not concur with the motion of the noble lord . Though the measure of prohibition met with his approbation , and became necessary in the present state of the corn-market , there was , however , a considerable quantity of damaged grain in the country unfit for general use ; and this grain , he conceived the permission to distill in Ireland would take out of the market , and give the farmer in this country an opportunity of disposing of it both to the public , and his own 552 private advantage . Of this sort of grain , there was a great deal , particularly in Norfolk , and he had no doubt in many other parts of the country . He approved likewise of the exemption , as it afforded a pledge that the measure of prohibition was only temporary , and not extended as a permanent regulation . approved of the motion , and recommended to the gentlemen of the sister kingdom , if they wished to improve the agriculture of the country , to reside more upon their estates , and shew more kindness and cordiality to the people , instead of kicking and beating them about . He never decided upon any question without informing himself upon it , as well as he could at least ; and he always found it the safest way to be guided by the sentiments without doors , rather than the professions made within . If an honest man , unconnected with either the party that wanted to get in , or the party that wanted to stay in , was anxious to know the real state of the case , he should be ( said Mr. Fuller ) equally indifferent to what fell from your side ( pointing to the Opposition ) and to what fell from your side , ( pointing to the Ministerial ) , but go out of the House , and consult with honest , impartial men like himself , to enable him to form a just and fair decision . .— Sir , I rise to present the Petition of a gentleman of the name of Farquharson , to which I request the particular attention of the House . I present it with great reluctance , because it contains a grave and serious charge against a respectable body of men , the Benchers of Lincoln 's Inn , and alleges , that they have committed an act of grievous and unwarrantable oppression . The Petition states , that the Benchers of the honourable society of Lincoln 's Inn have violated the principles of the constitution of the united kingdom , and have usurped the powers of the Legislature , by making a certain rule or