rose to move an Address to his Majesty ; but spoke in so low a tone as not to be clearly audible below the bar . After briefly touching upon the leading topics in his Majesty 's most gracious Speech , his lordship observed , that eventful as the present crisis was , and gloomy as the picture presented by the existing situation of Europe must be allowed to be , yet the means and resources of this empire were equal to the successful prosecution of the arduous contest we had to sustain , unless marred by internal divisions , paralised by the want of that unanimity , at all times so desirable , but in the present perilous times so indispensably necessary . His lordship extolled the magnanimity of the emperor of Austria , and lamented the adverse fortune of the war , during which so much valuable blood and treasure had been sacrificed on the continent . The noble earl then took a brief review of the measures of his Majesty 's ministers with regard to their foreign policy and various expeditions , and contended , that , whatever might have been the result , they were not only undeserving of censure , but entitled to the thanks of their country . His lordship concluded , by moving an Address to his Majesty , which he read , and which was , as usual , an echo of the Speech . The Lord Chancellor , under the influence of indisposition , now withdrew from the House , and his seat on the woolsack was taken , pro tempore , by the Chief Justice , lord Ellenborough . in seconding the address , solicited their Lordships attention to the few observations which presented themselves to his mind , when he contemplated the state of this country and of Europe in general . Whatever difference of opinion might exist in regard to the different measures of government , their lordships would generally concur in the propriety of making every exertion to divert the attention of the enemy , while he was endeavouring to crush the power of Austria . That Austria had been compelled to make a disadvantageous peace , was one of those disasters which we ought to lament in common with the other calamities of Europe . The expedition to Walcheren had been projected to assist our allies . His Majesty had graciously been pleased to say , he would cause satisfactory documents to be laid before the House re- 6 lating to that expedition ; therefore the noble lord thought it was unnecessary to discuss the question until the documents appeared . Although the expedition to the Scheldt had not succeeded in its main object , considerable advantages were derived , and our own security was strengthened , by the demolition of the arsenal and docks of Flushing . Amidst all the evils with which the hand of Providence had surrounded this country , it was satisfactory to find , that , after the enemy had exerted to the utmost his hatred and hit malice against the commerce of England , and had shut the ports under his control against our trade , still he was unable to make any serious impression upon our commercial prosperity and resources . His lordship observed , with pleasure , that Spain and Portugal were yet able to hold out against the common enemy . Notwithstanding the calamities which those countries had laboured under , the spirit which had so gloriously animated them remained unbroken . France might gain battles , but the force of the conqueror could never subjugate them , while their sole occupation was arms , and their principles attachment to a legitimate sovereign.—On the subject of America , it was his lordship 's wish that the government of that country might prove as amicable in its disposition , as the British government . With repect to our trade , every effort had been made by the enemy to effect its destruction . Buonaparté had done all that his power could contrive but he had found that British commerce , like British valour , would make a firm