condition of her army ; so that it would be enabled effectually to assist and co-operate with the British troops . In fine , Portugal was placed in a greater degree of security , than at any period since she has been menaced by France . All these advantages were fairly to be ascribed to the skill , the courage , and the activity which directed the exertions of lord Wellington and his army , and upon the whole he did not hesitate to say , that his brother was justly entitled to every distinction which his sovereign 152 has conferred on him , and to every honour and reward which it was in the power of that House to bestow , as any noble lord who for his personal services had obtained the same distinctions , or who sat there by descent from his illustrious ancestors . observed , that he never rose to perform his duty with greater pain than he did at this time ; but a public duty it was , and he could not shrink from it . The view he had of the subject was this from the first moment that it had been agitated he knew that it could not be regarded in that narrow light as to make this the sole question , whether eminent valour and even skill had been displayed on the day of battle . No ; he thought that the subject must be treated in a manner which would shew the propriety of giving , in the first place , the information which his noble friend ( Grey ) had required on a former occasion respecting the campaign , and especially relative to that most calamitous event , the march into Spain . His opinion was supported by the manner in which his noble friend opposite ( Wellesley ) had discussed , the subject . He had , and properly in his opinion , not confined himself to the transactions of the day of battle , but taken a comprehensive , view of the causes and consequences of that battle . The events of twenty-four hours might be sufficient to prove the merits of the soldier , although the sufferings both before and after a battle might constitute no small portion even of the soldier 's deserts . But the case of a general was widely different . This question was none of his seeking . But he must say , that even a victory , if attended with calamitous circumstances , did not deserve the thanks of that House . The conduct of lord Wellington ought to be examined as connected with the plans of the government at home , and as connected with the state of the country whose cause he had been sent to support ; and it was for these reasons that he thought the information to which he had adverted ought to be granted before coming to any vote on this subject . If the Spanish forces had been directed by the spirit which distinguished the British troops , then , certainly , any one might be justified in forming the most brilliant expectations of the result of a plan in which both co-operated . But , as the case stood , the question was , whether a British army ought to have been risked in an enterprise which depended , so much on Spanish co-operation . A plan was , 153 however , formed , and Victor was to be attacked by the combined armies , and when the moment of attack came , the Spanish general refused to co-operate . He was willing to suppose that lord Wellington had , by the letter or spirit of his instructions , been compelled to engage in this combined effort . But what , then , were we to think of our councils at home , which had exposed a British army to so much peril , by depending upon the efficacy of Spanish co-operation ? Their lordships were then told , that general Venegas had been prevented from co-operating by counter-orders from the Spanish government . He called then upon their lordships to