most vital importance for ever withheld from the knowledge of the people . He would put an instance—had it not occurred when with shut doors they were engaged in debate on a former night , that the whole inquisitorial power of the House of Commons was made questionable ? When it was contended by the minister of England , that it had not the power to demand answers from a witness at its bar , because he was a privy counsellor . It was true , that the right hon . gent . who had then thrown , down the gauntlet , had since re- 326 ceded from the contest ; yet still he would ask , whether upon an interlocutory discussion of this kind , involving the character , nay the very constitution of that House in the exercise of the whole of its inquisitorial powers , it was not right that the British people should know who were the members in that House , who would support such a principle , and what were the arguments by which such extraordinary doctrine was upheld ? He was assured , that were the House polled upon the propriety of enforcing the order of exclusion , the wish of the majority would be to proceed upon the present question , in a similar manner as it had done with the inquiry last session . If , then , such was the feeling of the House , he would put it to hon . gentlemen , whether it was not most preposterous , that it should be in the power of any individual , either in his wisdom or his caprice , to defeat its general wish , and that upon a question in which the House had not the remotest desire to disgust the public mind , by screening itself under the mask of concealment.—He was perfectly assured that the right hon . gent . who had enforced the standing order , did not act from any impression or suggestion that it would be agreeable to , or was desired by ministers , in order to shelter their conduct , from exposure by the publicity of the investigation . He verily believed he was one of the last men who would lend himself to such a purpose and he was , therefore , greatly surprised at his persisting in a measure which could not fail of being highly repugnant to the feelings of the public , as well as highly injurious to the interests of the nation . It was known to be the universal wish throughout the country , that this inquiry should be carried on in the manner most likely to promote the ends of public justice , and would the nation give credit to that House for a sincere and honest desire to comply with its wishes , if they were to involve their proceedings in mystery and concealment ? A House of Commons , that regarded its own character , and respected the opinion of its constituents and the public , should not resist the feelings of the public at a period like the present . He begged to ask what was the sanctity of this supposed Standing Order ? In the first place , he must contend that it was no Standing Order at all.—Was it a part of the Lex Parliamentaria , one of those fundamental principles the elements of their existence , interwoven 327 with the constitution of the House itself . It was no such thing , but merely took its place among many other good and many other frivolous regulations , affecting the proceedings of that House . It was passed at the opening of the session , upon question which might have been rejected , when proposed , and , of course , liable to revision , and repeal , on any subsequent occasion . But of all other regulations , the present order had this peculiarity , that the very act of enforcing it defeated its object . It had been his lot to have proved this experiment upon a former occasion , when this system of exclusion was insisted