be compelled to attend a religious service different from their own . It was surely utterly inconsistent with a liberal and enlightened policy that such degrading disabilities should be continued . The Catholics had uniformly displayed their loyalty , and their zeal , whenever they had had opportunities of being employed in the service of their country , and were in other respects a most respectable body . In the county to which he belonged there were several persons of that persuasion of ancient and respectable families , who , as friends and neighbours , as parents of families , and in all the relations of society , conducted themselves with the greatest propriety , and this he believed to be the general character of that body . He could 505 not , therefore , but hope , upon all these grounds , that a long period would not elapse before the disabilities under which this meritorious and respectable body of men at present laboured would be done away , and that they would not be much longer prevented from attaining those situations in which they might serve the cause of their country in common with their fellow-subjects . He was the more induced to entertain this hope , having been authorised to state , that the Catholics of England were willing to consent that , in granting them those privileges which they asked , such means as might be thought advisable should be adopted for the security of the existing establishments , provided they were not contrary to their religious opinions and feelings . He had stated that he did not intend to make any motion upon this subject during the present session , and he did so with a view to all the circumstances of the case of the Catholics in another part of his Majesty 's dominions . He trusted that , with reference to this part of the case , the letter of his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) would have the wished for effect . He begged leave decidedly to declare , that to every reason , to every sentiment , and to every word of that letter , he most entirely subscribed , and he hoped that so temperate and well reasoned an appeal would lead to these consequences and to that disposition which were so much to be desired . He wished it to be understood , that he could support the object desired to be attained by the Catholics upon no other ground than that every security should be given to the existing establishments consistently with liberality and justice , and with the religious opinions and feelings of that respectable body . The second petition , which was signed by three out of four of the apostolic vicars-general , and by most of the catholic peers , went to this object ; It was worded in a general way , and he thought it was better that it should be so . He had little doubt that the object so much to be desired , would be in the end attained , and that a disposition would be brought about under the influence of which those points which were necessary to its attainment , would on both sides be conceded . His lordship concluded by moving , that the petitions do lie on the table.—Ordered . rose to move an Address to his Majesty , assuring his Majesty of the cheerful concurrence of that House in promoting the objects of his Majesty 's most gracious communication . He really was at a loss to conjecture what could be the nature of the objections that would be raised to the present motion . The arrangement which it recommended , proceeded on the general principles of the policy which has so long and so uniformly guided the conduct of this country towards Portugal . It proceeded not only in those general principles , but also on the principle which now induced us to succour Spain , and on the plan established of making the defence of Portugal auxiliary to the defence of Spain . It also proceeded on the principle of animating and