economy in a case like the present would be worse than the most indiscriminate prodigality ; and it would be even an injury to the constitution to grant such honours , without taking care that an allowance should be made to support the dignity of the persons on whom they were conferred . Having said enough in his opinion to impress the 444 Committee with the propriety of the grant , he should not trespass longer on their time , but move , `` That it is the opinion of the Committee that a pension of 2,000l . per annum be settled on lord viscount Wellington , and on the two next heirs to his title in succession , & c. '' On the question being put on this motion , rose and spoke against the motion , on the ground that the battle of Talavera was followed by none of the consequences of victory , and rather displayed ill-judged rashness on the part of lord Wellington , than deliberate and skilful valour . He contrasted the battle of Talavera with lord Nelson 's decisive victory at Aboukir , for which that great man was only raised to the peerage ; with a pension only equal to what was now proposed . How different were the two battles ! The hon . gent . dwelt strongly on the impropriety of the advance of the army to Talavera , and urged the retreat and disasters which followed the action , as grounds for withholding the pension . observed , that the able speech of the hon . gent . who preceded him , had rendered it unnecessary for him to go as much at length , as he had intended , into the consideration of the question . He congratulated that hon . gent . and the House , on the accession of eloquence and talents which it acquired in that hon . gent . Though what he had to say might not coincide with the sentiments of the majority of that House , nor with the sense of the public , yet no consideration of that kind should deter him from doing what he considered to be his duty . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had asserted , that because his Majesty had been advised to advance lord Wellington to the peerage , it would be a deviation from the uniform practice of that House not to add to that honour the grant of a pension . Surely the right hon . gent . could not think of making any comparison between the services of lord Wellington and the services of the distinguished officers to whose cases he had referred , in order to justify the amount of pension proposed to be granted . He could never think to compare the battles of Talavera with the victories of Nelson . Did the right hon . gent . mean to say , that the claims of lord Wellington were equal to those of Sir Ralph Abercrombie , who closed a long life of eminent and meritorious service , by crowning it with a signal and brilliant victory ? For himself 445 he could not consider either of the actions for which lord Wellington was to be rewarded , as a victory , neither had been followed by any of the consequences of success , neither had they any one characteristic of victory ; but , on the contrary , both exhibited every symptom of a defeat ! Examine the battle of Talavera . Did you advance ? Did you not , on the contrary , retreat in the most disgraceful manner , and under the most calamitous circumstances ? Did you not leave at Talavera one tenth part of your army ? As to the amount of loss in battle , that could be no proof of victory or defeat . But he should ever contend , that the advance of lord Wellington to a situation in which his army was in danger of starving , unless he should fight against superior numbers , or make a disgraceful flight , was a great military error . The