about the weapons with which our enemy was assailed . He could give no opinion for or against an enquiry into the affairs of Spain . If ministers thought it would be proper , he had no objection . He feared , however , that that part of the enquiry into the expedition to Spain , which might throw blame upon the Spaniards for want of co-operation , would not be of service to this country , but might injure its interests in its future connection with Spain . He did not mean to speak against lord Wellington when he said that the march to Talavera was his own act . He approved of it , and of the honours bestowed on that gallant officer . We ought not to undervalue the hero 's laurels , even though they were barren . Had valour so long been admired and at last lost its value ? Had we on a sudden become so enlightened that we could contemplate it with philosophical apathy ? He knew the moralist might shudder at the shedding of human blood ; he knew `` That reason frowns at war 's unequal game , `` Where thousands bleed to raise a single name . '' Yet still was lord Wellington entitled to the gratitude of his country , and the glories of Talavera he could not think purchased so dearly , as to be for ever deplored.—Before he sat down , he had one word to add on a subject which applied more particularly and personally to himself . He was opinion that the dignity and the decency of the House , and the respect that was due to the feelings of individual members , should prevent a subject , that had been touched on in the course of the debate , from being discussed in that House , but for himself he would say , that it was his fixed determination , that no provocation whatever should induce him to enter into any discussion on that particular topic . [ Mr. C. alluded here to his dispute with lord Castlereagh . ] said , that it was rather strange that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not deigned to give them his idea of the state of the country , or to inform them upon what grounds he himself was the minister . He had given way to the right hon . gent , who had spoke last , because he conceived that he wished to make some explanations on what was certainly a very delicate subject . As far as this respected the individuals concerned , it certainly was not a subject which any gentleman would wish to bring into discussion in that House . The right hon . gent , had , however , now to answer , not to 85 that other individual , but to the country , why he suffered the noble lord to remain in office when he was convinced that he was not fit for the situation in which he was placed . He did hope that this would , on a future day , be made the subject of substantial inquiry , and that the right hon . gent , would be constrained to state to the House , and to the public , the reasons for his extraordinary conduct . The right hon . gent , had spoken on this subject with his accustomed fluency ; but when it came to be considered what there was of argument in his speech , it would appear , that he meant to justify the Expedition which did take place , by comparing it to imaginary expeditions which did not take place . He also described the great advantages which would have taken place , if the Expedition had succeeded . Now it appeared , that so far from attracting the attention of Buonaparté to the most vital parts of his empire , he never deigned to look at our Expedition , or to turn his head that way . The mighty lion which we went to attack , brushed us off with one sweep of