proposed reduction . The new medical board was composed of members , who , whether they came from the north or from the south , whether they were old or young , were perfectly efficient , and had every one of them been recommended by a board of general officers . stated , that inquiry had been made into the conduct of the late medical board , by a board of general officers , at the head of which was general Fox , who reported that they had not neglected their duty . The noble lord also stated , that notwithstanding the losses of the two last campaigns , the number of the regular army was greater now by 34,000 , than it was on the 24th of March , 1807 , when the former administration quitted office . The ordinary recruiting was found to nearly supply the ordinary waste . What stronger proof could there be of the efficiency of the system ? did not mean to impute blame to the government for the conduct of the medical board . With respect to the estimates , he did not know whether it would not be more prudent to refer them to a select committee , before the House were called on to vote . complained of having been misconceived , and consequently misrepresented by the hon . gent . He denied that the speech to which the hon . gent . had alluded was a counterpart of the other hon . gentleman 's ( Mr. Wardle ) . He defended himself from the imputation of throwing indiscriminate censure upon his Majesty 's ministers , but admitted that he had some doubts as to the policy of continuing the excess of expenditure referred to in his speech on a former night . defended Mr. Edmund Knight , who had been alluded to in terms of harshness in the course of the debate , from the imputation of blame cast upon his conduct in the medical department of the late expedition . objected entirely to the estimate relating to the barrack department in Ireland . replied at considerable length to the hon . baronet , and warmly supported the estimate of which he complained . asked the noble secretary for the war department , who the barrack-master-general was , who , it appeared on the face of the estimates , had retired on a pension of 691l . per annum . replied , that to the best of his recollection the gentleman alluded to was general De Lancey . spoke in favour of the mode adopted by government of rewarding that officer . deprecated the appointment as an unnecessary piece of extravagance , and an additional burthen upon the country . disagreed with the hon . gent . in the view he had taken upon the subject , thinking as he did , that the services of so meritorious an officer ought to meet with an adequate reward . The right hon . gent . entered into a defence of all the items of estimates in the account before the House , except that relating to the Home Staff , which he confessed ought to undergo some revision ; and entertaining such an opinion , he de- 672 clared that he would not divide the House upon that point . Mr. Bankes , Mr. H. Thornton , and Mr. Giles , and Sir C. Burrard , declared their determination to vote in favour of the amendment—and Mr. Dundas opposed it . in reply , said he should not divide the House upon his Amendment , but he did hope that some of the items he should name would be reserved for further consideration . He particularly mentioned those relating to the Home Staff , the Medical Department , and the Local Militia , all of which he moved should be taken into further consideration on this day fortnight . professed his willingness to agree with the hon . gentleman 's proposition , of deferring the consideration of the Home staff subject ; but to the others he felt it his duty , gave his positive dissent . The question on Mr.