improper practice ought to have stopped in 1786 . Now , his hon . friend had stated similar transactions to have taken place in 1794 . Was not that a reason for inquiry ? The hon . gent . had stated , that sir W. Gibbons had a pension given him , on the incorporation of two departments ; but he did not know the fact before , nor would he pretend to say it was a job , though it looked very like one , but he was at a loss to conjecture why it was that a commissioner of the Sick and Hurt Office , should have a pension . What possible services could he have done to the public , that they should he burthened with a pension for him ? begged to state , that when he was secretary to the admiralty , it was the anxious wish of lord Mulgrave , that the same regulations which prevailed in the navy pay-office and in the admiralty , might also be adopted in the navy office . But from the constitution of the establishment of the clerks , it was found , after an attentive investigation of the case , that these regulations could not be introduced into the pay-office , without a considerable sacrifice of expence . In this opinion too the commissioners of Naval Revision concurred . This statement he felt it his duty to make , and he hoped it would be satisfactory to the hon . gent . should vote for the papers , on the ground of what had been stated by his hon . friend , and the two friends of the noble lord . did not think the House ought to feel in the same manner as the friends of the noble , lord , nor agree to the motion , unless a sufficient ground were laid for it . The Report of the committee of 1786 recommended the abolition of fees , and an increase of sa- 432 lary in lieu of them . The Order in Council for the abolition of the fees did not issue till 1796 , so that the old practice continued till that period . As the fact , to which the paper moved for applied , had taken place before that period , he trusted the House would not think any inquiry into a practice , not then prohibited , necessary . As to what had been said relative to a transaction in the barrack department , it would have been desirable that the hon . gent . had been more explicit . , in reply , informed the right hon . gent . that a written statement had been given in to the commissioners of the barrack board on the 31st of October last , by Wm . Pearse , a clerk in that department , containing an accusation against a Mr. Prentice , another clerk employed in a very responsible and confidential office in that department , that he had sold the offices in it , and that too since the bill of the right hon . gent . against the sale of offices . It also charged him with having employed clerks to prepare false accounts . He had further to state , that a letter had also been written to the lords of the treasury , stating the practice , and calling their attention to it . He had himself seen the letters , and he could assure the House , that they would bear out his statement . declared his readiness to agree to the motion for the production of these papers . having received information , that , in consequence of a prosecution sometime since instituted against a firm for the sale of offices in the city , the penalties of which prosecution the parties were now suffering , some papers or letters implicating other parties in similar offences had been put into the hands of the law officers of the crown , he wished to be informed by these gentlemen , whether such documents had been given to them ; and if so , whether it