other measures 132 connected with it , not only did his Majesty 's present servants , but the whole House , agree to the motion , unanimously.—My lords ; different sentiments might be entertained on the propriety and policy of that descent upon Calabria . On that occasion it was deemed expedient , by those who directed the operations of the campaign , to make that attempt , for the purpose of accomplishing two objects—one as a diversion against the enemy , and to assist the Calabrians then in a state of insurrection ; the other , to relieve the Mole di Gaeta , a fortress on the coast , at the time besieged by the French . Although that army failed in the latter object , and succeeded but partially in the first , yet no one suggested that the general had not done his duty , no one denied that the whole , both the general and the army , were entitled to the gratitude of their country , and the thanks of Parliament . Still , in that case , it might have been said , whatever may be your lordship 's opinion of the present , that the consequences which ensued were not beneficial to the country , and that the measures which preceded it were not founded in any principle of sound policy . The Thanks of both houses were nevertheless given to sir John Stuart , and the army , for the eminent skill and valour displayed in that battle , and the splendid victory obtained . I come now my lords , to the merit of that action which terminated in the glorious victory of Talavera , and I most readily admit , if your lordships were called upon to decide upon all the circumstances of that campaign , that it might materially alter the question ; but I wish to direct your attention solely to the conduct of the officer , and the army under his command , on the 27th and 28th of July . We ought to consider the state of the army before and at the time of the engagement ; for if every measure was pursued on that occasion , which could reflect honour on the prudence and valour of the general , not any events which afterwards occurred should derogate from his merit in that memorable engagement . The march of lord Wellington into the interior of Spain , was not , as some may term it , a rash undertaking ; on the contrary , it was well considered , wisely planned , and deliberately executed . No greater prudence could be manifested than the choice of the admirable position at Talavera , as it was afterwards described by the French generals . Need I remind your lordships 133 of all the circumstances by which this victory was attended : It had been determined on the part of the enemy to make a concentrated attack upon the combined armies . The British force afterwards engaged , did not altogether amount to move than 20,000 men ; and although the Spanish army was present , and partially took a part in the battle , yet it was evident , not only from lord Wellington 's dispatches , but from the accounts of the enemy , that the brunt of the attack was principally , if not wholly , borne by the English . Thus , my lords , the French army , amounting to almost 50,000 men , commenced their desperate attack upon the British line , and were repulsed . They renewed it , and were repulsed again ; and though they frequently renewed and repeated their attempts , they were defeated—signally defeated in every instance . Although , as I have said , the Spanish army was present , the French directed all their efforts against our troops . This was peculiarly evident in their attack upon the strongest part of our position where major-general Hill commanded , against which they directed the great bulk of their force , and where all their attempts were eventually but gloriously frustrated by the irresistible valour of British