fitted out by this country , because he deemed him net equal to the duty which he had to perform . Instead of that concert among themselves , which , it must be apparent to every one , was so indispensable at so critical a period—a cabinet minister was requiring the dismissal of the very minister whose peculiar duty it was to direct the preparation of the expedition . From the battle of Ebersdorff to that of Esling , Buonaparté had gone on gaining victory after victory . Then , indeed , he received a check , and might be truly said to have experienced a defeat ; but the battle of Esling , in which he was so unsuccessful , led to a suspension of hostilities . It new became a question , how and in what quarter was the force of Great Britain employed all this timer Lord Wellington was in Portugal with bout 38,000 men . Afterwards an expe- 68 dition was sent to the Scheldt under the earl of Chatham , consisting of 40,000 ; and sir John Stuart had gone to Calabria with 15,000 . These several bodies amounted to about 95,000 , and there might have been sent from this country 5 or 6,000 more , making a total of 100,000 men . Austria , in the battle of Esling , in which she beat Buonaparté , had , according to her own account 75,000 , and according even to the French account 90,000 men . If , instead of dividing the British fence , as was the never-ceasing practice of weak minds , this force had been concentred into one , and employed in support of Austria , we should there have had a greater , and he need hardly add a better army , ( for no troops were to be compared with our own , ) than the army by which the French had been defeated at the battle of Esling . But how was this great British force employed ? He did not say that it would have been right to employ them in continental operations ; but ministers had determined that this was a wise measure , for they actually were employed in such a service . If they had been confined to any one object , they might have effected some great operation ; but divided as they were , and formed into separate and distant corps , they could be , and in fact had proved , good for no one purpose . Did or could the hon . member say , that these circumstances inferred nothing criminal against the ministers or against the commanders ? The Amendment said nothing more . It charged general disgrace and calamity , not attaching any particular instance of either to any particular party.—There was a very material difference between an Amendment calling for inquiry , upon the broad ground of acknowledged public disasters , and any proceeding prejudging the result of that inquiry . They were two very different propositions , though certainly the arguments of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) had a tendency to confound them . But did that hon . gent , mean to say , that any motion that went to pledge that house to inquiry , pledged them not only to inflict punishment upon the guilty , but even to presume those to be guilty who had not yet been put upon their trial ? He asked him fairly , if he thought that Amendment to which he had objected , pledged the House to pass sentence upon ministers previous to inquiry ? Did the hon . gent , mean to say , that the Amendment under conside- 69 ration , was calculated to impede inquiry ? or did not that hon . gent , believe that it was intended solely to promote it ? Did that hon . gent . mean to say , that from the shape of that Amendment it might be reasonably conjectured that it was the design of the framers of it to entrap the House into some premature pledge against further inquiry ? It was