. '' After the Speaker had read the proposed Amendment , rose again and said , that although he felt it his duty to state his sentiments , yet , if he perceived the strong sense of the House to be the other way , he would not press a division . said , that the right hon . gent . had passed over all that had been urged by the hon . member in favour of his motion , and dwelt wholly upon that which needed no refutation . That right hon . gent . had observed , that the argument against reversions , as affecting the public economy , was the weakest of all the objections that had been made , and yet the right hon . gent . had over-looked all the other objections , and confined his observations to the weakest of them . He would ask that right hon . gent . how numerous were the offices which would not now be in existence but for those grants in reversion ? The difference in the expenditures between the departments where the proposed regulations had effect , and those where they could not act , was known to be most considerable , and was there no reason to suppose , even from this circumstance , that if the bill proposed should pass into a law , it would not , in its ultimate operation , materially affect the public economy ? but he thought the influence derived from those grants of still more importance than the effect of their suppression upon the public economy . Was it nothing to deprive the crown of its legitimate influence by deferring its exercise to future times , and compelling the minister of the day to look to other sources to supply those whom they were to support ? Must not the House feel the effect of adding to the public burthens in that way ? He agreed with the hon . mover , that it was wrong to delude the people by holding out exaggerated expectations of retrenchment , which could not be realized . He thought it mean and mischievous in 259 any man , from any party motive , to make statements of practical economy to the public , which , at the time of making them he knew to be impracticable . He did not think that any very sensible or immediate effect could result as to the alleviation of the public burthens , from the passing of the bill in question ; but he thought that it would in time have that effect , and that much benefit might be expected from the operation of the principle . He concurred also with the honourable mover in thinking , that the disposal of the great offices of the state ought to be at all times vested in the crown , and could not , with safety to the constitution , be lodged any where else . He , therefore , thought it unfair to anticipate the exercise of that prerogative , and that nothing could be more unjust than that anticipation should be resorted to , for the mere purpose of perpetuating the influence of a corrupt minister by enabling him to draw upon the future resources of the crown , to the detriment of the King , his successors , and their ministers . He concluded by conjuring the House not to give their sanction to any principle pregnant with such abuses , nor to rest satisfied with any thing short of a perpetual prevention bill . considered the grant of reversions as productive of more evils to the public service than the grant of sinecures . He should be at all times ready to support every prerogative of the crown , that did not militate against the interests of the subject , but in the present case he did net think the prerogative materially affected . He thought the principle of the bill would in its ultimate operation have a beneficial effect upon the public economy , and so far as it was possible for the human mind to prejudge the result of its