so suited to these transactions , might thereby be better preserved . Vessels were sometimes condemned for the captors , upon their paying a sum commanded by the Admiralty Court , which ought not to have been condemned . There were other papers of great conse- 471 quence , beyond those of which he had given notice ; and , if he could get these , he thought he could lay open a system of corruption such as never had been heard of , nor even conceived in this country—a sink of abuse such as never existed in Spain , even under the infamous Godoy , who betrayed his king , and was the cause of his being dethroned , far less under the Supreme Junta , which ministers seemed to have no disinclination to vilify . He had been in habits of intimacy with some of the members of the Junta , and he could take upon himself to say , that they were , at least , equal in ability to the ministers who now governed this country , if government it might be called . ( Hear , hear ! ) The documents which he would move for , would not rest the matter upon two or three blundering cases . His object was to expose the general system , and to prove that corruption was at the head of it . He pledged himself to prove that the navy was paralysed by this corrupt system . He would shew , that the most trifling vessels were condemned at an expence equal to that of the largest—that the condemnation of a fishing boat might be swelled up to the expence of condemning an Indiaman , and that , consequently , in many cases , the captors had no other immediate interest in condemning , except that of putting money into the pockets of the proctor . He adverted to an instance in which one Moses , Griffin , a Jew , an agent at one of the out-ports , had received two-thirds out of the produce of a vessel , the remaining third being the whole share distributed for admiral , captain , inferior officers , petty officers , seamen , and marines . He also adverted to a bill which had been brought in for establishing certain regulations in these proceedings , which was of no use whatever , but to bring more money into the Admiralty Court . Was it necessary to have 120 ships of the line in commission to blockade 23 ships of the enemy ? Certainly not , if proper exertions were made . On this point an increase of pay would be of no use . To insure alacrity in harrassing the commerce and shipping of the enemy , the abuses of the Admiralty Court must be done away . Nothing else could be effectual . The navy ought to have the largest share of that which was produced by its vigilance and valour . This was the proper mode of proceeding , and no other would completely answer the purpose . His lordship 472 then mentioned , that he himself had captured 13 vessels laden with corn , for Barcelona , protected by two small ships of war , which were sunk . If he had taken these , and carried them into Malta , and got them condemned , he must have put his hand in his pocket and paid for it . Perhaps he spoke more warmly on this subject from the opportunities he had of being acquainted with these abuses—but not only the navy was injured by these abuses , but the country also . His lordship then adverted to a regulation , by which six privateers , if taken within three months of each other , were to be included in one libel for condemnation : a regulation perfectly futile , and a mere humbug upon the navy and the country . His lordship next stated , that the commerce of the enemy was carried on to an immense amount by our licences , which were an article of common sale in Hamburgh and other places