many were lost in consequence . This should have been known before : the ground should have been reconnoitered . Lord Wellington had bravery ; he had skill upon other occasions ; but that he should be thanked , as a skilful commander for his conduct upon that day , he would deny . He himself had called the victory a repulse , and the name was more appropriate . It was the intention to march to Madrid , and even to fight a battle beyond it . He could not conceive why Ferrol should be evacuated in consequence of the battle of Talavera . He denied that there was any other retreat for the army than that through Deiletosa ; and represented their condition as most deplorable , many of them not having tasted food for eight and forty hours previous to the battle , and hundreds having perished on the road , from mere famine , during the retreat . He would not agree to give a premium to rashness . The Spanish cause was now more hopeless than ever . Where , then , was the advantage of the victory ? He could not agree that the army was become stronger since , than before its losses , and regarded our late continental efforts , 298 as calculated to sink the military character of the country , though they had raised that of the soldiery , whose gallantry was indisputable . vindicated the military character of lord Wellington , and said they might as well accuse him of not being able to answer the first question in the catechism , as of ignorance or precipitation . He had displayed , on the contrary , the greatest skill , though his plan had not succeeded to the utmost extent , owing to Sebastiani 's corps not having been detained by Venegas . The Spaniards had not taken his advice as they ought . He was a most consummate general , and deserved the greatest honours the country could bestow . wished to make a few remarks on one or two points touching the Conduct of the battle of Talavera . Lord Wellington had projected an attack on the army of Victor on the 23d , which , had it been acceded to by general Cuesta , must have terminated in the annihilation of that corps . On the 24th Victor retreated , and was pursued as far as Olala . On the 26th the Spanish army retreated to the left bank of the Alberche , and then it was that the dispositions made by lord Wellington not only secured the subsequent glorious victory to his own troops , but preserved the Spanish army . It had been observed that lord W. did not expect the battle ; in the first instance he did not : how could he when Victor had retreated ? It was the Spanish army brought them back upon him , and then his presence of mind furnished a barrier to every difficulty . As to his personal conduct he could only say , that he was every where during the fight , and always in the hottest of the action ; and in expressing his approbation of the motion , he was sure he but expressed what was the general feeling of the army . observed , that the arguments he had heard did not divest him of the opinion , that the battle of Talavera was a glorious victory . Honourable gentlemen on the opposite side spoke of feeling : he believed , when the victory was first announced in this country , there was not a man but . gloried in it . He was afraid we had got too much military special pleading , that would argue merely on the result , not the valour and generalship shewn . It put him in mind of a story of a wag , who was asked , how he came by a visible fracture on his face ? `` Why , I beat `` him , and he beat me , but I gave in 299 `` first ; '' so with the