little advantage to them . There could not be a more improvident use of the public resources . To grant reversions in such a case was just like sending an improvident heir into the market , with what might be of real use and substantial benefit to him if he waited patiently till it came into his possession ; but for which if to be disposed of at present , he could not expect to receive the sixth part of its value . It was a much worse way of rewarding services than by granting pensions ; because a man of spirit would hardly wish to take a pension where he had performed no service ; but reversions , if there were none to reward , would always find some one ready to take them . He was surprized his right hon . friend should represent this as a point of so little moment , after he had advised his Majesty in his speech from the throne , to mention the labours of the committee of finance as affording matter of congratulation , at a time when they had gone no farther than to recommend the adoption of this measure . When so much was said in other places against the present measure , as carrying with it an attack on the prerogative of the crown , the House would excuse him for submitting to them the authority , against these aspersions , of one of the most learned writers on the law of this country , at a period , too , when it was his object to guard the law , and to protect it against mischievous innovation . He meant Mr. Justice Hale , in his treatise on the amendment of the Law , in which he has so strongly stated his opinion , that reversions were improper , and should not be granted ; that he did not esteem it sufficient that the law should be prospective but retrospective ; that they should be abolished at that present moment ; and that pensions should be granted in lieu of them . That learned judge was of opinion , that reversions were worse for the person receiving them , and worse also for the King ; that it was better to give a pension , and then an honest man would 262 know how to use it . There were offices , too , probably with salaries of 1,000l. , the duties of which were performed by deputies , to whom again the principals gave trifling allowances , of probably not more than 100l . Judge Hale was also of opinion , that all such offices were an unnecessary charge on the King and on the people : that the offices themselves were not necessary ; if they were , why were the duties of them discharged by the deputies alone ? Surely there could not be a more improvident way of disposing of those funds , which ought to be distributed in that way , by which the King and the people would derive the most advantage . The hon . and learned gent . did not see that there was any difference of opinion in the House on the subject of this measure . If the House might , as the right hon . gent . stated , come to the resolution next year of continuing the prevention , why not do it now , and if now , why not declare it to be unlawful in all time coming ? It was for the House now to do their duty ; and if their successors should be of a contrary mind , they might afterwards act agreeably to their own ideas of propriety . The question was then put on Mr. Bankes 's motion , for leave to bring in a bill to render the said act perpetual , when it was carried by an acclamation , in one voice , by the whole House . On the question upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's motion , his own and one other voice were all that could be heard . then said ,