they could confer , they were now called on to give a further proof of their approbation . According to this doctrine , the king had nothing to do but to grant a peerage at his discretion , and then demand of the House to vote a pension . At the time this peerage was granted , the noble general had a near relation , high in office , and he supposed it was intended for the gratification of his feelings , as much as for the eminent services said to be performed , that title had been conferred . In former times , much greater services had been performed , and much less rewards granted ; but he supposed these honours and rewards were granted rather for the purpose of shedding a lustre on the present administration , than for any very extraordinary merit in the conduct of the person to whom they were given . This was not his reason for opposing it ; but seeing nothing in the conduct of lord Wellington , that , in his opinion , entitled him either to a peerage , or the thanks of that House , he would protest against voting him a pension of 2,000l . a-year , to be drawn out of the pockets of the people . said , that there was one circumstance , which , to him , appeared to render the vote , upon the present occasion , particularly objectionable ; but , before he proceeded to state it , he should notice some observations that had fallen from an hon . friend of his , upon the subject of party . His hon . friend had declared himself favourable to party ; and as it was generally attributed to him ( sir 455 F. Burdett ) that his ideas were different , he hoped he would be permitted to state , in toe present instance , what his notions upon that subject were . He was not averse from party in all its shapes , though it had frequently fallen to his lot to disapprove of it , under different modifications , in which it was presented to his notice ; party , founded upon public grounds , and with a view to public good , he approved of ; it was calculated to benefit the country ; but party , founded upon self-interest , and directed only to the attainment of place and pension , he would never approve of ; it was calculated to ruin the country . That was the particular description of party of which he disapproved . The hon . member ( Mr. Herbert ) who had lately spoken , seemed to think that the battle of Talavera was important , only because it was calculated to do away the Sarcastic injurious remarks of the French emperor ; but he could not believe that the character of the country , or of its army , was , indeed , sunk so low , as to render the escape from sarcasm of such importance , as to compensate for the havoc of that day.—A comparison had been instituted between the battle of Talavera and the battles of Dettingen and Agincourt ; but there was no resemblance whatever between them ; besides , he did not hear that either of them was followed up by pensions . The battle of Agincourt was occasioned by the successful entrance of the british army into the French territories ; and , though we retreated afterwards , it was a retreat in which much booty was carried off , and great glory was derived from the battle to the British name . In the present case , the advance was injudicious , the retreat was precipitate and confused ; and , instead of bringing off booty , we had left our wounded behind us , to the mercy of the enemy . But an hon . gent . had mentioned the liberality of lord Wellington as a ground for agreeing to the motion ; that surely could not be allowed to be a claim to the vote which ministers demanded . If lord Wellington