consider what the ministers had been doing for the last two years , to consider how much dependance they had in the course of that time placed upon such a government as this . The chief object of this ought to be preservation . Their lordships would reflect whether they would be justified in supporting them , in a continuation of error . We were now told that the security of Portugal was not complete , but that great reliance was to be placed upon the co-operation of the Portuguese with the British . Of this he would only say , that they ought to judge of the future from the past , that they ought to recollect the retreat for want of co-operation , and that the remnant of the army was in a situation not dissimilar to that in which it was placed by its advance to Talavera . This was most strongly impressed on his mind , and he could not avoid taking advantage of this opportunity to express his feelings . With regard to the immediate question , he thought that it could not be narrowed to the events of a particular day . He did not attribute these disastrous events to lord Wellington . Sure he was that nobody could think he had any desire to do so . He believed that he was fettered by the nature of the service on which he had been sent , and by his instructions , and that the plan and its calamitous consequences were to be attributed to ministers . They had on a former night argued against what they called prejudging a question . Sure he was that they were now prejudging , when they called for the opinion of their lordships , and refused to produce the documents on which alone that opinion could be correct founded . The Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington , was put , and carried without a division . The motions of thanks to the in- 154 ferior officers and the army were then read . professed his hearty concurrence in these motions . The inferior officers and the army had done their duty in the most admirable manner , and he hoped these motions would pass nem . dis . The motions were then unanimously carried . moved the usual question `` That a Supply be granted to his Majesty . '' rose and observed , that as a passage in that Speech contained high encomiums upon the flourishing state of the foreign commerce of this country ; before he could give his assent to the motion just proposed , he must request leave to ask some questions of his Majesty 's ministers , respecting that system to which they attributed this flourishing success ; but from which he apprehended consequences the very reverse . rose to remind the hon . gent . that if he had any objections to offer against the Supply , this was not the stage of proceeding in which it was usual to urge them ; that would more regularly be done in a committee of the whole House . It was not in the usage of the House to discuss the motion now offered in the present stage of the business ; the uniform practice had been to let this question pass , as of course , without discussion . Having reminded the hon . gent , of what was the usual mode of proceeding generally in practice , it must be for the discretion of the House to consider whether they would indulge the hon . gentleman in any latitude of discussion on the present occasion . said , he saw upon the votes of the House , that the consideration of the Lord Commissioners ' Speech was an order of the day ; and he always understood it to be the undoubted right of every member to discuss in any stage , every question proposed in that House for adoption . He did not at present intend to go at any length into the general subject of the Supply ; but before the House was called 155 on to vote