then wait until the person suspected or accused should think proper to tell his story—It had been said that the object of the motion was to turn out the present ministers . How could inquiry turn out ministers , unless the result of the inquiry should shew them to be criminal ? Why should his learned friend be apprehensive that the result of inquiry , would be so fatal to an administration of which he was disposed to think so well ? If , on the contrary , the inquiry should prove that no blame attached to them , they would only be more firmly established in their places in consequence of it . When it was argued that it was of very little importance whether inquiry should be voted this night or on Monday ; he would then ask why , if it were of so little importance , ministers thought it worth while to give a serious opposition ? He would ask , was there an individual present who had heard his majesty 's ministers , and was not perfectly convinced that it was their intention , if they could by any means 199 evade it , that there should be no inquiry ? Was not the course they were taking precisely the course which was the best calculated to evade inquiry ? Was there any man of those who knew what the papers were that ministers intended to produce , who had the boldness to say , that even in his judgment , those papers would be satisfactory to the House and the public ? If , in fact , it were only a question of 24 hours , he would say , that it was better to vote for enquiry now , and not to delay such a vote even for 24 hours . The House was then on its trial before the world , and should lose no time in acquitting itself in the eyes of the country . By giving impunity to ministers in cases of former failures , they had given them confidence to bring fresh disasters on the country . It Was on the heads of the members of that House therefore that those calamities should rest : it was against them that the cries and reproaches of the widows and orphans of those who were sent through inglorious perils to an inglorious death in Walcheren should be directed , if they did not take the most prompt and effectual means of visiting those calamities on the heads of the guilty authors , whoever they might be . It was said , that any thing that would prevent the Chancellor of the Exchequer from being the minister of the country would leave the King without a defender . What could it be said that in a country where his Majesty had not one personal enemy it was absolutely necessary that the present Chancellor of the Exchequer should be his defender ? He thought there was no symptom more alarming , than to find that the vote of that House was often in opposition to the decided opinion of the public at large ; and more especially , when it was known that many members professed out of doors opinions directly contrary to what was expressed by their votes in that House . When they were in the country among their neighbours , they were almost all for inquiry ; but when they came up to town , they too often voted for the ministers . said he conceived , that , though there was strong presumption of misconduct in some quarter , it would be too much to vote for inquiry without the information which the papers might give . As the production of these papers would lake place very shortly , he saw no objection to accede to the wishes of his 200 right hon . friend . He thought there was no question which ought less to be judged of by the disastrous event than the Expedition to Walcheren ; and that they could not be led to the fair consideration of the subject , if guided only by the