for refitting his army after so long , so rapid , and so fatiguing a march . Having effected that object , lord Wellington immediately advanced into Spain ; and here he must beg leave to correct another error into which some noble lords on the other side of the House had fallen . A comparison had been drawn between the situation of that gallant and deeply lamented officer , sir J. Moore , and that of lord Wellington on their entering Spain . There was not , however , the least similarity between the two cases , and that dissimilarity arose from the different state of Spain at the two periods . When sir John Moore entered Spain , the members of the Central Junta had hardly taken their seats ; their authority was scarcely acknowledged , and little or no organization had been effected in their armies . Hence sir John Moore had justly said , that on entering Spain he had neither seen a Spanish army nor a Spanish general . The part of the country , moreover , through which he had to pass , was deficient in resources ; nor was he invested with sufficient authority to avail himself of those which it afforded . Such was the destitute situation of sir John Moore , while he had at his back the whole of the French army , commanded by the French emperor in person . In stating these circumstances , the noble marquis wished not to be considered , as delivering any opinion with respect to the policy or impolicy of the march of sir J. Moore . That was a question upon which he wished to be considered as completely unpledged . All that he thought requisite for his present purpose , was , to state the naked fact . Now , what was the situation of Spain when lord Wellington advanced into that country ? The Central Government had long been established and their authority was generally recognized . The part of the country through which his march lay abounded in resources of every description , nor was it fair to entertain a doubt , of the power and disposition of the Spanish government , to render them available . The only hostile force which he would at first have to encounter , was Victor 's 148 corps , consisting of 28,000 men . So circumstanced it was proposed to him both by the Spanish government and by general Cuesta to advance against Victor . What discretion could he have used , what justification could he have offered for declining such a proposal ? It was not proposed by gen. Cuesta , as the noble earl seemed to insinuate , to march to Madrid , and to expel the enemy from the Spanish capital : but the joint request of the Junta , and of general Cuesta , was , that he would co-operate with the Spanish army in driving Victor beyond the Tagus , by which operation he would protect the southern provinces of Spain , one of the great objects of his instructions , and perhaps also compel the enemy to evacuate the northern provinces , another of the objects which it was thought very desirable to accomplish . Having thus to look to a government fully established ; to a country abounding in provisions : to an army of 48,000 men well equipped and in all appearance well disciplined ; to a general who possessed the confidence of Spain and of that army , how could lord Wellington have refused his assistance in the attainment of that limited object . Would not a refusal on his part have argued a supposition that the Spanish government was incompetent to perform its duty ; that the country , though full of provisions , was incompetent or unwilling to supply them ? How besides could he have answered for the safety of Portugal , unless a blow was struck against Victor that would have prevented him from joining and co-operating with Soult or any French corps that might invade that kingdom from the northward ? By advancing into Spain , therefore ,