, the unpopularity of those opinions , when they were even threatened with the consequences of that unpopularity . professed himself unable even to guess at what the noble lord alluded to . Had he any charge to prefer against that noble lord or any other person , he should do it openly , and go through it steadily , but as to threatening any hon . member , he hoped he knew too well what became the gentleman to do so . rose , amidst a cry of `` Order ! spoke ! '' to state more particularly the circumstances . At the time of the Peace of Amiens , he and others who disapproved of that peace were told of the great unpopularity of objecting to that measure . said , that whatever charges might be preferred against him , it at least , could not be said of him that he was indifferent to the maintenance of the privileges of that House . He thought them in 335 every possible point of view of the last importance , and of essential value to the constitution of the country . But he would say that the motion of his right hon . friend had been misstated : it was not a motion to rescind the Standing Orders , or any one of them , it was only to refer the consideration of one of them to the Committee of Privileges . For his own part , he was not aware that the Order could be amended , but in that Committee , he supposed , that it was the intention of his right hon . friend , if his motion was acceded to , to propose some suggestion that might or might not be approved of by the Committee . The right hon . gent . had stated , that the House was now in a situation similar to that of a grand jury . There was , however , this striking difference : the proceedings of the grand jury were not published at all ; but in this instance , although the House might not choose to allow the newspapers to publish their proceedings from day to day , yet they themselves were aware of the necessity of their being published , and intended to publish them in another manner : and he apprehended that , after 658 copies had been struck off of the proceedings of last night , it could not be supposed that such proceedings would be altogether unknown . He must deny that any precedent existed , at least none occurred to his mind , of strangers having been excluded pending so important an inquiry . When had such a step been taken on such an occasion ? Not during the whole American war , when so many military inquiries took place . He was at a loss to conceive what inconvenience could have arisen had the whole of the evidence taken before the Committee of Inquiry yesterday evening been published that morning . Had any misrepresentation occurred , it would only have been necessary to notice it to the House ; and if it had been deemed advisable , the further publication of the proceedings might have been prohibited without excluding the public from the gallery . When formerly the debates were published under Roman names , or the names of the different speakers transposed , it was because it was then thought to be a breach of the privileges of that House to publish any of its proceedings ; and this was the true state of the question ; not that persons published what was false or what was true of their proceedings , but that they published them at all . No man had a right to publish a word of what he ( Mr. 336 T. ) was then saying . As to misrepresentations in the daily reports of their proceedings , they were certainly productive of much inconvenience . He himself seldom , if ever , looked into reports , so that he could speak impartially ; but when he did , he remembered to have felt considerable