but the last persons from whom he should have expected to 514 hear it so praised were those who had constantly and unalterably hitherto condemned it . He was glad , however , to find them now applauding what they before thought proper to reprobate ; and he congratulated his Majesty 's ministers , their lordships and the public , upon this even late return to the principles of truth and justice . But there was one part of the case to which he had alluded , which had been passed over by his noble friend , and that was , that in the instructions given to the military commanders on that occasion , they were restricted from acting , unless they had a reasonable prospect of success ; and here they came to the main gist and matter of the question of the present day . Would any one say , that in the present situation of affairs in Portugal and Spain , there was the least ground of rational expectation of success ? In the former instance , France was fully occupied in another quarter ; the situation of Europe was far different then from its situation , at the present moment ; and there was at that period every reason to hope , that a manifestation of a determination to defend Portugal would have the effect , as it really had at the time , of delaying the attack upon that kingdom . Would any one say , in the present instance , that the British army in Portugal , aided by the native force which it was now proposed to provide for by a subsidy , would be sufficient to retard or finally to resist such an attack ? What reliance could any man place on this subsidiary force , unaccustomed to the use of aims , unpractised in the operations of war , and wholly ignorant of military discipline , except the little they might have learned from a few British officers ? That Portugal could be defended by such a force , was a thing absolutely impossible ; and therefore it was that he perceived with regret , that a measure of such , not only questionable , but defective policy , should have been the first official act , as he might consider it , of his noble friend . But to return back to the question . He had never denied nor attempred to deny , I that Portugal presented a favourable situation from which to assist and encourage the efforts and the spirit of the people of Spain . His objection to the policy and measures of his Majesty 's ministers , had always been , that the system of occupying Portugal with that view had been departed from ; and that instead of keeping 515 the British army in a concentrated state , in a commanding situation , and at all times applicable to any operations which might be undertaken with a good prospect of success , the British forces had been divided , and diverted to useless , or worse than useless expeditions . When the noble Secretary stated , that it was impossible for the British army to land at Corunna , he seemed to forget that that army which landed at Lisbon had been afterwards marched to Corunna , under circumstances of great calamity and disaster , in prosecution of an operation under all the circumstances of the case hopeless , which the able officer who had the command , had the candour to declare he disapproved of , and which terminated in the loss to the country of that highly distinguished general and thousands of his brave army.—But it was not his intention on that occasion to enter into the consideration of the proceedings during the campaign in Spain , as an opportunity for the discussion of that subject would afterwards present itself . It might undoubtedly have been a question whether it was desirable to station a British army in Portugal , a country which had at that time been abandoned by its prince , and left without any legitimate authority or regular government .