place . It was allowed to be a question of complicated consideration , this was , then , an argument for going into the committee ; besides , the Pope was then an independent power , or at least a power dependent upon England ; but now the Pope was wholly dependent upon France , and it was to be remembered , that the actual situation of the Pope was a mere ingredient in the question . By deferring the measure till now , the Catholics had lost the opportunity of obtaining their privileges , and England had lost the opportunity of displaying her generosity under the most favourable circumstances . said , that he did not wish to delay the House for any time , but as he had never known a minister to display such a want of discretion and candour as the right hon . gent . in what had fallen from him , he thought he would be wanting in his public duty , if he did not make a few observations . He hoped that what had fallen from his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , would have its due effect upon the Catholics , whose cause he maintained ; and that they would be ready to come forward , and declare themselves willing to separate themselves from foreign influence , and to yield up any pretension , which was inconsistent with the security of the constitution . He would not give his opinion upon the Veto , but thought it rather hard that a question but newly started , should be taken advantage of , and brought against their substantial claims . 638 He was sure that the Catholics would do right to assent to the Veto , if they could do it consistently with their religion . The right hon . gent . opposite had declared his happiness at this new difficulty , and , he regretted to observe , had hinted at other objections , which , perhaps , nothing could remove from his mind . The right hon . gent . would do well to consider that the class of Catholics , in behalf of whom the Petition was now presented , was not obscure . He would do well to consider their number , their wealth , and their respectability ; so far from being enemies to the constitution , they had given the most decided proofs of their attachment to it ; every appeal which they made for redress , was made through the Legislature ; nor did they seek any thing inconsistent with the security of all existing establishments . They called for the most public discussion of their constitutional claims . The Petition was as follows : `` The several persons , whose names are thereunto subscribed , on behalf of themselves and of others , his Majesty 's subjects , professing the Roman Catholic Religion in Ireland , beg leave to represent to the House , that the petitioners did , in the years 1805 and 1808 , humbly petition the House , praying the total abolition of those penal laws which aggrieve the Catholics of Ireland ; and that they now feel themselves obliged , in justice to themselves , their families , and their country , once more to solicit the attention of the House to the subject of their said Petitions ; and they state , that the Roman Catholics constitute the most numerous and increasing portion of the inhabitants of Ireland , comprising an immense majority of the manufacturing , trading , and agricultural interests , and amounting to at least four fifths of the Irish population ; that they contribute largely to the exigencies of their country , civil and military ; that they pay the far greater part of the public and local taxes ; that they supply the armies and navies of this empire with upwards of one third part in number of the soldiers and sailors employed in the public service ; and that , notwithstanding heavy discouragements , they form the principal constituent part of the strength , wealth and industry of Ireland ;