be difficult to ascertain how far this principle might be carried , nor did he think it would be of much importance to enquire . At any rate , he was of opinion that they could not allow less than 200,000l . that on this principle was to be added to the Income Tax of Scotland , and deducted of course from that of England , which would make the whole for Scotland amount to a million ; and deducting that from the 11,300,000l . for England , would make the duty for Scotland amount to more than 1–11th of that for England , or about 1–12th of the whole of the United Kingdom . This would , at the same time , make a fair proportion of the Property Tax for Scotland to the whole of the other taxes arising from that part of the United Kingdom ; namely , about 1–5th , the whole independent of the Property Tax being about four millions . The whole taxes for Scotland were now about 1–11th of those of England , and on looking back to the Union , it would be found that they had considerably increased in favour of Scotland , they being at that period only 1–14th of those of England . In 1800 , the Assessed Taxes were only 1–18th , but were now 1–11th of those of England . His lordship concluded by moving , That there be laid before the House an account of the net assessment of the Property Tax for Scotland from 1803 to the latest period the same could be made out , distinguishing each year . Also an account of net assessment of the other duties , from the 24th of May 1800 , to the latest period the same could be made out , distinguishing each year . was ready to second the motion of the learned lord , and gave him credit for the clear manner in which he had made out his statement . He had made the observation that had been alluded to , from a conviction that the sum he noticed could not be the whole of the Property Tax for Scotland , and that there could not be possibly such a disproportion to that of England . The noble lord had accounted , in a considerable degree , for the disproportion , and he was glad that an enquiry was to take place . , adverting to the late collection of the Income Tax in Scotland , the duties of 1806 being only collecting , as appeared , id 1809 , supposed that this 440 circumstance might be owing to the rents being sooner collected in England than in Scotland . was of opinion , that some enquiry into this subject was desirable , and complained particularly of the slow remittance of the taxes from Scotland . He was not aware that rents were less expeditiously paid in Scotland than in this country , but the mode of collecting the taxes , he was afraid , was not so complete . In the county of Forfar alone , there were not less last year than from 2 to 3,000 appeals . The properly tax was collected from the tenantry , and proved the greater hardship , and a source of such oppression to that class of men . for Scotland had the satisfaction to inform his hon . friend , that this subject had attracted the attention of government , and was at present under the consideration of his Majesty 's ministers . assured the House , that , while he had the honour of holding an office under the board of treasury its attention had been called to the subject , in consequence of the small remittances received from Scotland on account of the revenue of that country . presented the following Message from his Majesty : `` GEORGE R. His Majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the House of Commons , that his Majesty has authorised pecuniary advances to be made to Portugal in support of the military exertions of that kingdom.—His Majesty is desirous of being enabled to continue such support ,