regret which is felt at the fate of Austria , I certainly do not mean to object . On that point we must all be unanimous . I therefore move , that after the word `` That '' in the second paragraph , the following Amendment be introduced , expressing our sentiments to his Majesty in such terms as the nature of the case imperiously demands.— '' That we have seen , with the utmost sorrow and indignation , the accumulated failures and disasters of the last campaign , the unavailing waste of our national resources , and the loss of so many thousands of our brave troops , whose distinguished and heroic valour has been unprofitably sacrificed in enterprizes productive not of advantage , but of lasting injury to the country . Enterprizes marked only by a repetition of former errors ; lardy and uncombined ; incapable in their success of aiding our ally , in the critical moment of his fate , but exposing in their failure his Majesty 's councils to the scorn and derision of the enemy.—That we therefore feel ourselves bound , with a view to the only atonement that can now be made to an injured people , to institute , without delay , such rigorous and effectual inquiries and proceedings , as duty impels us to adopt in a case where our country has been subjected to unexampled calamity and disgrace . '' could not have supposed that his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) could have moved an Amendment such as that he had just proposed ; it went not only to determine , that there should be an inquiry , but to induce their lordships now to come to a vote of indiscriminate censure , of absolute condemnation , previous to any inquiry . Such a mode of proceeding was surely unusual and unprecedented in the practice of parliament . It was unjust not to allow the proper time for producing the grounds and stating the reasons upon which rested the decision and conduct of his majesty 's government in adopting the measures which his noble friend had so loudly arraigned and so severely condemned . His noble friend had laid down the line of policy to which he said he would himself have adhered , and by which he thought his majesty 's ministers ought to have been directed . That policy , rested upon the principle of abstaining from continental expeditions ; from making our selves parties 24 in a warfare which had long ceased to afford any hope of what was so often emphatically called the Deliverance of Europe . He had not the honour of being any length of time in his majesty 's councils since a contrary line of conduct had been pursued ; but he believed he might remind his noble friend that such a principle had not been exactly conformable to his sentiments on all occasions . He imagined that not very long since , even in the course of the last session , his noble friend had joined in the general enthusiasm in favour of the Spanish cause , and in the anxiety prompted by that enthusiasm to afford it every possible aid in our power . Government did not stimulate and give birth to these exertions on the part of the Spaniards ; but they felt it their duty , and conceived it to be the interest of this country , to encourage and assist them . Neither had they incited other powers upon the continent to embark anew in hostilities with France . Austria was inclined to appeal to the chances of war , to the decision of the sword ; but to the adoption of that hazardous step she had not been advised or impelled by the influence of the British government . On the contrary , she was warned by his Majesty 's ministers of the perils of the attempt , and of the inability of this country to lend her any effectual support ; she could not therefore have entered into a new war , from the hope of any powerful diversion to be effected in her favour