which the authors of it proceeded . If sir Arthur Wellesley had been defeated they might excuse themselves by saying ; `` this is the fortune of war , which it is impossible td controul . All a government can do is to entrust the execution of wise plans to skilful generals and brave troops . This is what we did , and if our success in the field had answered to our reasonable expectations , the happiest and most glorious result would have ensued . '' But how does the case actually stand ? Why that in a very short time , we defeated the French at Oporto , and afterwards at Talavera , in those battles for which sir Arthur Wellesley was raised to the peerage ; that the valour of Englishmen never shone more conspicuous than upon both those occasions , and that more was atchieved by our troops than would have been achieved under similar disadvantages by an equal number of any other nation in the world . And yet such was the original absurdity of the whole plan , that these successes , upon which the highest honours and the highest panegyrics have been bestowed , were attended with no permanent advantages whatever , that they left the cause of Spain and of Europe joist as desperate as they found it , and that in their consequences they resembled not victories but defeats . For by what more disastrous consequences could defeat have been followed , than by a precipitate retreat ; by the loss of two 49 thousand men left to the mercy of the enemy , upon that spot upon which they had just fought and conquered , but fought and conquered in vain , that spot which as it were in mockery to them we have endeavoured to perpetuate in the name of their general ? By what worse could it have been followed than by the loss of all footing in Spain , the ruin of another army and the virtual renunciation of all the objects of the war ? As the species of glory encreases , our real power and resources diminish , and by the time we have gained a few more battles , and elevated a few more generals to the peerage , our army will be fairly worn out , and not a spot will be left on the continent of Europe on which an Englishman can set his foot . If the battles which our ancestors fought a century ago , and by which they vindicated the liberties of Europe , had been attended with consequences like these , and if such had been the nature of success in their days , France , instead of being humbled , would have become the mistress of the world , and England instead of dictating the terms of peace , would have sunk under the weight of her own victories . But they were far other men , and guided by far other maxims , in foreign and in domestic affairs ; in peace and in war . We are told of one of the most eminent persons of that age , ( and I mention it because it forms a curious contrast to what we have just seen ) we are told of that great general , and politician King William III , that such was the skill with which he planned his campaigns , that even when he lost a battle it was not attended by any fatal consequences to him , and that he was soon able to appear again upon an equal footing with his enemies . Our plans are of a different kind . We so contrive a campaign that the loss of a battle would be attended with utter destruction , we do not advance one single step nearer to our object by gaining one . Give to us success , in the held , give to the British troops all that glory which is to be derived from the heroic valour , and unparalleled exertions of every individual of whom they are composed , and still our situation , instead of