. gent . proposed was , that , however respectable in every other particular , he did not possess those qualifications to be looked for in a Chairman of the Committee of Supply , or of Ways and Means . Experience was the qualification principally required . The first chairman he recollected was Mr. Gilbert , a gentleman of great experience ; the next was Mr. Hobart , an old member , and also a gentleman of great experience ; the next was Mr. Hobhouse , whose recal to the chair would be attended with great advantage to the House ; to him succeeded Mr. Alexander , who had held the same office in the parliament of Ireland ; and 304 the last was the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Wharton , ) now promoted to what was esteemed a higher office and who , when in the Chair of the Committee , had acquitted himself with great propriety . He asked , what were the qualifications requisite for such a situation ? They were not those of a debater . It was not quickness or fluency that was required ; but such an experience arising from a number of years acquaintance with that House , as should enable a person to come to the Chair of the Committee , not to learn the business , but to practise what he had learned ; so that he might be able to command attention , and to exercise becoming authority . The Speaker himself , he apprehended , was not taken at random from among the members of that House to fill the high station he had so many years honourably filled . He was not a child of the minister of the day ; but was selected inconsequence of his having long applied himself to a knowledge of the business of parliament , which it was thought he might exercise to the advantage of the country , and that those expectations had not been disappointed , that House and the country could now hear witness . Did the hon . gent . proposed by ministers possess any of these advantages ? Suppose a dispute on a point of order were to arise in the Committee of Ways and Means between two members of 20 , 30 , or 40 years standing , what authority would the decision of the hon . gent . carry along with it ? He agreed that it was natural for the Chancellor of the Exchequer to propose for the situation one of his own friends ; but , at the same time , he should consider who was fit for the office , rather than for whom the office was fit . He should have been disposed to call Mr. Hobhouse again to the chair ; but there were reasons against it . He had resigned , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer did not consult him , net considering him as his political friend . Impartiality was to his mind necessary , if it could be had ; and as , in a manner , the deputy of the Speaker , it would be desirable that some part of his impartiality should be extended to the Chair of the Committee . This , however , was not to be expected from gentlemen who uniformly voted with ministers ; and in proposing his hon . friend he knew that he pointed out a man who would exercise the strictest impartiality to all parties . He concluded by proposing Mr. Davies Giddy . expressed his extreme sur- 305 prize at the proposition of his hon . friend , of which he had not received the most distant intimation . He assured the House that , in occasionally acting during the last session for his hon . friend , who then filled the Chair of the Committee , he had no view to the filling of that situation himself . He should feel aukward were he placed in that situation by gentlemen acting in hostility to ministers . He wished they would name some person else ; and begged that he might be understood as