which , while it must be ruinous to our resources , was utterly hopeless as to any ulterior object ; and , if after all the miseries already brought upon the country , by the endeavour to defend Portugal ( Spain having been , as he understood , now abandoned ) , 214 the same course was still to be persevered in , he could see no other result than the accumulation of dangers that must be fatal to this nation . He warned the House against suffering itself to be drawn by little gradations into the support of such a purpose . They had already the authority of a great military officer , the lamented sir John Moore , that Portugal was not defensible ; and if that was the case , under the circumstances from which he formed his judgment , how much more hopeless must such a prospect be now , while the armies of France , disengaged from all other objects , and in possession of Spain , could at any time , march such a force into Portugal , as must overwhelm any army this country could send thither ! He protested , therefore , against exposing any longer our brave troops to the risk of being out-numbered , subdued , and perhaps cut off before they should be able to escape by re-embarkation in their own ships . He warned his Majesty 's ministers against continuing this hopeless contest , in compliance with the whim or fancy of the noble person whose alliance they had lately obtained , and whose brother filled a kind of vice-royalty in Portugal . He pledged himself to oppose such a purpose on every occasion , and he could not even let this opportunity pass without registering his decided opinion . replied , that when any money for that purpose was moved in a committee of supply , the right hon . baronet would have an opportunity , if he thought fit , to move an , Address to his Majesty against its application . There was no pledge whatever given on the part of the House , because the Address was voted , or the present motion carried , to agree to the carrying on the war in Portugal , or for any other purpose.—The motion was then agreed to , and the House resolved itself into a committee of supply , and resolved that a supply be granted to his Majesty . rose to call the attention of the House to a species of misrepresentation of what passed there , contained in the newspapers—a misrepresentation which was certainly highly indecorous . The misrepresentation of which he complained was this : — In the Morning Chronicle newspaper for Friday last two lists of members were published , the one having this title , `` A List of the 263 members of parliament who voted against pledging the House of Com- 215 mons to Inquiries , on the first day of the session ? '' The other having this title , `` A List of the members who voted for Inquiry into the late disgraces and disasters . '' The hon . gent . stated , that his name was in the former list , the title of which , as well as that of the second , was so worded as to convey to his constituents an erroneous and unfair impression of his conduct on the occasions to which they referred . These titles tended to create the impression that he and other gentlemen in similar circumstances were hostile to inquiry altogether ; than which nothing could be more erroneous . The hon . gent . then stated , that in these lists the names of the county members were particularly marked—a circumstance , which he could not but consider indecorous . He did not bring this forward at present with a view of making it as a formal complaint the subject of any specific motion , but rather for the purpose of correction and caution , which he was the more anxious for , with respect to the paper in question , as it was that which