gent . asked , why , after this symptom of weakness , as it had been called , he had accepted his present office ! He had accepted it because his offer having been , refused , no option was afforded him but either to take the official situation which he had then the honour to hold , or to leave his Majesty to be dictated to by those who differed from him in opinion . He had yet to learn , that under such circumstances , he ought to have deserted his sovereign . He believed that there was not a gentleman opposite who , if he felt the same conviction on the point to which he alluded as that which he entertained , would , under such circumstances , have abandoned the interests of his royal master . The hon . gent . declared , that he 99 wished to see the present administration removed , and another set of ministers appointed in their room . He did not mean to speak presumptuously , though the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) might think his language had that tendency ; but , looking at the gentlemen opposite to him , and giving them full credit for the talents and eloquence which they possessed , he did not think that they would possess more of the good opinion of the House and of the country than he and his colleagues did . The hon . gent , had expressed his decided disapprobation of the whole conduct of administration , from the time the duke of Portland came into office ; but in deciding upon the character of an administration , it was necessary to compare their claims with those of other administrations , and he should be glad to know what reason there was to suppose that the state of this country was worse , with regard either to its foreign or domestic relations , under their administration , than it would have been if the gentlemen opposite to him had remained in office ? Russia indeed , when the duke of Portland 's administration came into office , was at war with France , but peace soon followed , and Russia became the ally of France . Unquestionably , no blame could be attributed to the noble duke or his colleagues for the treaty of Tilsit ; indeed , from the language of Russia ( who constantly complained of the preceding administration , from their unwillingness to make any exertions in the common cause ) , it was obvious that the defection of Russia must be attributed to them . He knew it would be said , that the hostility arose from the armament which had been sent against Copenhagen ; but could any man seriously believe that there was nothing in the treaty of Tilsit which would have induced Russia to take part with France , even if the armament to Copenhagen had not taken place ? The only difference would hare been , that if that measure had not been adopted , we should have had all the Northern powers against us with much greater means of annoyance than they now possessed , and should have been shut out of the Baltic , instead of having the command of that sea . With respect to the affairs of the Peninsula , he could not tell how the hon . gentlemen opposite would have acted if they had remained in office , but he was inclined to think that upon every principle of policy and feeling they would have thought it expedient to give 100 every assistance in their power to Spain . Judging , however , as well as he could of the state of the world , he was firmly convinced that the state of Spain was much better now , as far as concerned this country , than it was when the duke of Portland 's administration came into office . Even were France ultimately to subdue Spain , an event which he most sincerely deprecated , she might hold the country in subjection , but she would possess diminished means