If ministers were determined to assist Austria they ought to have done it in time , and not alter her army was defeated , and an armistice conceded to the conqueror . ( Hear , hear ! ) Buonaparté was able to draw his forces from Spain and bring the war with Austria to a termination before our expedition could reach Walcheren . Could not the same armament have been sent to Walcheren before these events happened ? but ministers acted similarly awards Spain . The marquis of Wellesley had been appointed ambassador from this country to the Supreme Junta on the 29th of May last , but he did not depart from England until the end of July . Were the affairs of any country likely to be attended with success , when planned and executed by such ministers ? He insisted upon it that it was a want of policy to send troops to Spain , where they must 65 conform to new habits of living , and where there was not the least hope of ultimate success . Whenever we succeeded by land against the French , they were in an isolated situation , where their chief had no means of reinforcing them , but into Spain he could at his pleasure pour his legions , and compel us to retreat . had no objection to an enquiry , but he presumed that the documents which his majesty had ordered to be laid before the House would prove satisfactory ; as all classes of people had been once zealous for the success of Spain against her invaders , and encouraged ministers to assist her to such an extent ; he did not like to see them abandoned , or public confidence withdrawn from them . said that no one felt the necessity of supporting his majesty or the government more than he did . The question now only was what sort of inquiry they were to hold out to the public . Feeling as he did , in common with many others , that there were several subjects of disgrace and calamity which had lately occurred and which called much for parliamentary inquiry , he came down with the hope that ministers would have put into the Speech not only a declaration of their readiness to afford every information that could be required , but that the mover and seconder of the Address would have introduced into the Address a pledge on the part of parliament to take these calamities and disasters into immediate consideration . He had hoped that ministers would not have put expressions into his majesty 's mouth so coldly alluding to those disasters ; but , that being the case , he surely thought that with such a strong prima facie ground of misconduct , parliament not only should inquire , but should pledge itself to do so . The Amendment , however , he thought went too far and rather precluded inquiry , by prejudging the case that was to be inquired into . The term indignation ought not to precede , but to follow conviction . To that expression therefore he could not agree ; neither could he allow that the crisis had been `` marked only by a repetition of former error . '' The battle of Talavera had , to his mind , placed the valour of our troops on a height on which it never formerly stood . The latter part of the Amendment , he thought went rather farther in the way of prejudgment than was necessary . It seemed to go beyond what , to his conception , was necessary , and to 66 infer something criminal . He also thought that a necessary part of the Address was omitted , and that after thanking his majesty for his communication of the necessary documents , it would be sufficient , as a pledge to the country , to state that they should immediately proceed to institute a parliamentary inquiry into the failures of the late campaign . said that the hon . member who spoke last had much misunderstood the Amendment of his noble friend .