gun-boats under his command ; and the approbation of such an officer as sir R. Keats was the best proof of the manner in which that service 574 had been performed.—But it appeared as had been stated , from the Narrative , that the earl of Chatham had written to consult sir R. Strachan on the 4th , and that he had not received an answer till the 9th . On that subject , he had only to observe , that it was perfectly true ; that on the 5th , sir R. Strachan had received a long letter from the commander in chief , referring to a variety of important subjects . Instead of replying to that communication by letter , sir R. Strachan thought it would be more respectful to the commander in chief to confer with him personally on these several subjects . The answer mentioned in the Narrative was but the official record of the substance of the conversation at that personal conference , communicated in writing within 48 hours after . But there was a passage in that letter , which he felt it necessary to refer to ; it was thus— '' Sir R. Strachan informed lord Chatham that if he met with any inconvenient delay in the bombardment of the town , his lordship had only to signify it to him , and he should lay himself with six sail of the line along side the walls of Flushing . '' Was that the offer of an officer deficient in zeal , activity , or enterprize ? Was that the language that would have been held by a person who would leave any effort untried to promote the great objects of the Expedition ? All the dispatches of the noble earl , rising in terms of praise in proportion as difficulties were surmounted , conveyed the most unqualified approbation of the conduct of the navy . It was reserved for his Narrative , composed on the 14th of October , and since revised , re-read , corrected , altered and amended , to convey a different impression . As soon as the gallant admiral should get an official copy of the Narrative , he should prepare his statement in reply to it . He trusted that what he had stated would be sufficient to induce the House to vote for the address ; and he begged that gentlemen would not suffer themselves to be persuaded by fallacious or sophistical arguments , to vote against the production of a paper , necessary to the ends of justice and the effectual prosecution of the inquiry . defended the conduct of lord Chatham . The hon . officer , who just sat down , had laid much stress on the Narrative , and asserted that it was calculated to produce disunion between the army and navy . Could lord Chatham have done otherwise than present it , after the 575 letter of sir R. Strachan , of the 27th August ? for having written which , the gallant admiral , in his examination , had expressed his regret . It was to defend himself from that letter that the noble lord had written this Narrative , and he defied any man to say that it contained a single reflection on the British navy . The noble lord had never shewn a wish to sow mistrust and disunion between the army and navy . He would have been happy could he have made the same declaration with respect to the speeches of the gentlemen opposite . was not surprised at the warmth of the gallant officer : He did not mean to follow him into the topics he had touched upon , but had risen merely to make an observation upon one point . The gallant officer argued , that unless the paper moved for should be granted , sir Richard Strachan would have no opportunity of vindicating his character from the insinuations said to have been made against it . But he could assure the House that the noble person at the head of the Admiralty , who had not been acquainted with the circumstance of