It might not be unnecessary , in passing , to state that the force of Soult on his advance to Placentia , did not consist of 70,000 but of 34,000 men , and that not more than 4,000 of them belonged to Soult 's original corps , being the whole that escaped with him from the North of Portugal without baggage , artillery , or ammunition . The army of Soult then was composed principally of the corps of Ney and Mortier , and the corps which had been stationed at Burgos , the command of all which when united necessarily devolved upon Soult , in consequence of his being senior Marshal to Ney and Mortier . With this concentrated force Soult proceeded to the South , evacuating the North of Spain , where he left the Gallician army in his rear . He then passed by the corps of the Duke del Parque at Cividad Rodrigo , whilst he was flanked by the Portuguese army 15,000 strong under Marshal Beresford at Campo Majoran , the Spanish frontier . It would be obvious upon the slightest consideration that this advance of Soult was an extremely ha- 292 zardous movement , and not to have been expected upon any sound military principles . Lord Wellington , therefore , would not have been justified in contracting the sphere of his own operations from any apprehension of a movement on the part of Soult under such circumstances of peril and discouragement . So far , then , from being liable to the charge of rashness , lord Wellington 's conduct he would contend was characterised by consummate skill , energy , and prudence . He had never put himself in a situation from which he might not at any time have been able to regain his former position in Portugal . The line of his march placed him in a condition either to fight Victor and Sebastiani , or to attack Soult in the possible event of his advancing upon him . Whatever might be the course of the campaign the judicious choice of his position enabled lord Wellington to play the great game , he had to manage , with advantage . The course pursued by Soult had not come upon him by surprise . Lord Wellington was fully aware , that , however improbable , such a movement was not impossible , and consequently without contemplating its certainty , had taken measures to meet every contingency . He had concerted with Marshal Beresford the means of rendering the Portuguese army instrumental in defeating or retarding the progress of Soult , if he should attempt to move towards the South . The strong pass of the Puerto Pico was guarded by a Portuguese force , whilst the Spaniards undertook to defend the pass of Banos : and if the latter had maintained their position , Soult would not have been able to bear against the allied army . But the British army had never been so closely pressed by the force under Soult as gentlemen seemed to think . The retreat of lord Wellington was regular and unmolested , and consequently it was not true that he had been hotly pursued b y Soult It was certainly true that Soult moved along the same line with him ; and if he waited for Soult , Soult must as certainly have overtaken him ; but there being no danger of that , on the contrary , there being always a long interval between them , no pressure could be said to exist . There was nothing therefore upon the face of the campaign to deprive lord Wellington of his well-earned honours— ( Hear ! hear ! ) —There was nothing that could impeach his prudence , or expose him to the charge of audacity and rashness , beyond that 293 spirit of enterprise which a British commander ought to possess . A battle more distinguished he did not know of in the military annals of this country ; for , however the hon . general might call their attention to battles , too remote to be perfectly understood , he would defy him