. friend . He contended that the principle laid down by his right hon . friend did not deserve the censures and animadversions which it had . received . His right hon . friend had stated that there was no question but that the House of Commons had a right to address his Majesty for the production of such papers whether they were in existence or not . This point his right hon . friend had conceded ; but he had added , what was strictly true , that the House must on every question that came before it , whether on motion for an Address or otherwise , exercise its discretion as to the expediency of affording or withholding its consent . This was the statement made by his right hon . friend—a statement which in no way militated against the constitution : and in this statement , for his own part , he most fully acquiesced , knowing , that though it were within the legitimate scope of Parliamentary controul to call for all documents whatever , still , in its enforcement of that power , that House would not demand what was not expedient for the public service to have produced . Neither was it contended by his right hon . friend , that there was any act of the Sovereign for which his confidential advisers were not responsible . No such doctrine originated with him , and therefore it was wholly unnecessary to animadvert upon that principle , or to suppose , as the right hon . gent . did , that such a discretion would trench upon the constitutional privileges of that House . The argument of the hon . gent . in support of his motion , proceeded on assumptions that were not true in fact . The hon . gent first supposed that some communication had been made by the commander in chief of the Expedition to the King before he had given in the Narrative on the table of the House : he then supposed , that in this previous communication the noble lord calumniated his brother officers ; and on these two assumptions , he stated that his right hon . friend had dragged into the discussion the person , in order to defend the servants of the Sovereign : when all that his right hon . friend had said was , that if the House were to ask his Majesty for papers , the nature of which they could not describe , and even the existence of which they could not ascertain , they might , with just as much propriety , demand the production of any other imaginary documents what- 569 ever . It was most true , that the House might , if it pleased , call for the production of all papers , private or public ; but he begged to remind the House that to agree to the present motion would be a new exercise of that right . Indeed so fully did the hon . mover feel the force of that observation , that the great tendency of his speech was to impress the opinion that , because the House had addressed the King praying him to have produced the Narrative of lord Chatham , therefore it could not refuse to vote for an Address , calling for the production of any other paper , even not official , relative to the same subject.—But he denied that the Narrative was a paper at all of a similar description , as that which the right hon . gent . opposite now supposed to exi3t . When the hon . general ( Loft ) who moved for the production of that Narrative , communicated to him on the 15th his intention of making such a motion , he was apprized of the existence of that document ; he knew it was an official paper , and in official custody ; and therefore it was that he had no objection in assenting to its production . If compared with the paper now supposed to exist and moved for , the two cases would be found to be directly