, that he was almost tempted to leave the room , ( a buz of murmur , and Order ! order ! ) However , as there were so many of them in the House , if they would but shorten their speeches , ii would afford an opportunity to hear the sentiments of many able gentlemen , who would be prevented by long winded harangues from addressing the House at all . With respect to the question before the House , he must remark , that if ministers were really disposed to inquiry they would have produced the papers to the House on that very day . They would , in that case , not have given an opportunity to any gentlemen to move for a Committee of inquiry ; an inquiry , which in his view was absolutely necessary . The whole country , from one end to the other , was loudly calling for it ; and the country , he must say , had a right to be informed where the fault lay whether the Expedition had been badly planned , or badly executed . The inquiry , therefore , was indispensably necessary ; and the sooner that House should decide upon it , the sooner they would prove themselves to be the real representatives of the people who sent them there.—As to what had been said respecting the language of the King 's Speech , and the Address , that was of little signification , because they all knew , that these were always drawn up in a complimentary form , ( a laugh ) . But it would have a bad effect , that it should go to the enemy , that on such a subject any difference of opinion existed ; or that when the necessity for it was universally felt and known , no inquiry was to take place . An hon . member opposite ( sir J. Sebright ) , had on a former night talked of his not having confidence in the existing government ; but he would ask that hon . member , what confidence he could repose in him , who had done him all the disservice in his power , in order to turn him out of that House ( loud laughter . ) Another hon . gent . had used language towards his majesty 's ministers , which was even still more severe . That right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , forsooth , did not mean to affront them , whilst he was , at the same time , applying to them the most pointed invectives . But he did not think it necessary to say more on the occasion , than that he should vote for the question for the inquiry . This was no time for shuffling ; and if they wished to set aside the distrust which had been industriously ex- 186 cited against that House , nothing could remove it more effectually than to agree to the inquiry . If they should not he would tell them that something worse might come . The prosperity of this country , which contained more wealth , comforts and happiness , than any other in the world , was an object worth securing by inquiry . He was not for any new-fangled doctrines for altering or reforming the state of the representation in that House ; but he thought that parliament should go further than the present inquiry , and appoint a Committee to examine into sinecure offices . They ought to take care that no man should hold a sinecure place without doing the duties of the office . They should ascertain what every man did for the money he received It was more particularly necessary now , when the tax-gatherers were at every man 's door threatening to proceed to extremities , unless they were paid ; and when the orders for such rigour were given by persons holding sinecure offices of 10 or20,000l . a year . He should , therefore , support the motion . The Chancellor of the Exchequer declared , in rising to state a