some speculative men did , although he and others might think that there were some defects in the representation , which ought to be corrected . But the misfortune of withholding from the public the real and proper reforms to which they were entitled , was to drive them into these dangerous speculations . The vessel of the state , which had weathered the continental storm , was already among the rocks and shoals , and could not be got off without other pilots . His lordship then called upon the bishops for their support , and asked them , whether they did not esteem the act of Elizabeth , which prevented the anticipation of their revenues as the great prop of their establishment . Upon the same principle which led them 600 to approve of that act , they ought to support this bill . reported to the House , That his Majesty had been waited upon with their Address of Friday last , to which he had been graciously pleased to direct the following answer to be given : — `` The earl of Chatham having requested his Majesty to permit him to present his report to his Majesty , and having also requested that his Majesty would not communicate it for the present , his Majesty received it on the 15th of January last , and kept it till the 10th of this month , when , in consequence of a wish having been expressed by the earl of Chatham , on the 7th of this month , to make some alterations in it , his Majesty returned it to the earl of Chatham . The report , as altered , was again tendered to his Majesty by the earl of Chatham on the 14th of this month , when his Majesty directed it to be delivered to his secretary of state , and his Majesty has not kept any copy or minute of this re-port , as delivered , at either of these times , nor has he had , at any time , any other report , memorandum , narrative , or paper , submitted to him by the earl of Chatham , relating to the late expedition to the Scheldt . '' observed , that in the question he was about to put to the right hon . gent. , he wished to be understood as 603 being animated with the most sincere veneration for the crown , and not less so for the wearer of it . His question was this , Who was the privy counsellor , a member of this House , who took his Majesty 's pleasure upon the Address ? —No answer being immediately returned , Mr. Whitbread continued— '' Am I to understand that the right hon . gent . will not , as a member of this House , give an answer to the question I have put ? '' replied , that although it was the ordinary courtesy in that House to answer questions put from one side to the other , yet , from the menacing manner in which the hon . gent . put the question , he felt it his duty to decline answering it , until called upon by the vote of that House . —Really if there has been in the manner in which I addressed the right hon . gent . any thing as he has conceived menacing , it was , I assure him , far from my intention , and I sincerely beg his pardon . If , however , the right hon . gent . is determined to persevere in his silence to my question , it will be most certainly my duty to bring it forward in a more formal manner . But wishing , as I do , to divest him of the idea , that I intended to convey my question in an uncourteous manner to him , I take leave to put it again . —I was the privy-counsellor that took his Majesty 's pleasure upon the Address . without wishing to give any opinion at present upon the answer now given ,