to pillory ; while , at the same time , all his property , of whatever description , his person also , end all the property of his sureties , were subject to Writs of Extent , for the security of the debt due to the public . By the present measure , however , supposing a 436 public defaulter to flee the country , not only the property of his sureties , but even any estates he himself might leave behind him , would be free , as the debt must merge in the felony . concurred , that great inconvenience would result from making this felony . But the objection might be obviated by leaving out the word felony , and supposing the offence to remain a misdemeanor , subject , however , to the proposed punishment by transportation for seven years , which might be inflicted at present for perjury , and other misdemeanors . He did not say , however , that all offences of this nature ought to be so heavily punished . said , that leaving out the word felony would be a considerable amendment . But there was still a difficulty as to what part of using or making away with would be liable to the punishment . The first thing must be to define this exactly , and then certainly there could be no objection to the infliction of a severe punishment on the transgression of the law . But , at present , he suggested , that the Chairman should report progress . After a few words from Mr. H. Smith , and Mr. Thomson , the Chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on this day se'nnight . observed , that he believed he was regular in moving , that the Act of the 48th Geo . 3 , respecting Reversions , be now read . The Clerk having read the said Act , was not disposed to enter into the merits of the present Bill , against which he understood an objection would be taken , in the first instance , as to some technical informality . Now , he should wish to hear what those technical objections were ; for , if he should find them of sufficient validity , he should reserve his observations for a future occasion , when the bill might be freed from informalities of that nature . said , he had moved the reading of the former Act , in order , that their lordships might be fully aware of the nature of the objection , which , he 437 thought , was fatal to the present bill . He was anxious to avoid entering into the merits of the bill , his object merely being to state the objection which appeared upon the face of the proceeding . The Act for Suspending the Granting of Offices in Reversion , & c. was passed by that House in 1808 , with a recital , stating , that it was expedient with a view to inquiries depending in the House of Commons , and the suspension was limited to one year , and to the end of six weeks , after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament . This bill had now come up to the House , and purported to be a bill for rendering perpetual an Act , entitled , an Act for suspending for one year , and until six weeks after the commencement of the then next session of Parliament , & c. He put it to their lordships , whether , under such circumstances , for this was not a mere technical objection , it was not due to the gravity and dignity of their own proceedings , to take some decisive step with respect to this bill . His own opinion was , that the objection could not be cured in a Committee , and that the bill ought not to go to a second reading . The recital of the inquiries that were pending , and upon which the bill passed that House , were understood to be with the view