events be investigated . It was of no consequence what the papers were , as the Committee need not go further if they were satisfactory ; but , at all events , it was necessary to pledge themselves to the inquiry . It was necessary to satisfy the just , and not unreasonable , expectations of the country . The papers might state what was thought proper with respect to the number of the boats or the means of debarkation on Cadsand , but admiralty returns would not satisfy him ; he must have viva voce evidence on this , and on every other important point connected with the Expedition . It was impossible for any papers to prove that a sufficient number of boats had been provided . It was alike impossible for papers to shew what the probability was that Antwerp , on a coup de main , would be found in a different state from that in which it afterwards appeared to be . He wished to know what were the probabilities of the success of the Expedition ; what the calculations upon which they were founded , and also upon what grounds it was expected that the Expedition would arrive , in a given time , at a given point . Those 184 were subjects which no papers could explain , and which could only be learned from viva voce examinations . So also , with respect to the continuance of the British troops in Walcheren so long , and the grounds upon which that island was afterwards evacuated . There was another point also which he wished to have ascertained by inquiry , upon what ground it was thought that this Expedition would be a diversion in favour of Austria ? This was not a military but a political subject , upon which the members of that House were as competent to judge as professional men . The House ought to pledge itself to the inquiry , and to constitute the tribunal.—The right hon . gent . then adverted to what had fallen from his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) last night , with respect to the disposition in the country , to examine closely into the conduct of general officers . His right hon . friend was well acquainted with history and the free constitution of this country , and he would find , that whenever important Expeditions had failed , the conductors of them had been subjected sometimes to unjust obloquy , but always 10 jealousy and inquiry . From the time of the Revolution to the present moment it had been so , and a remarkable instance presented itself to him at this moment , in the case of lord Howe , who was as much abused as ever commander was , till he wiped off all calumnies by the glorious first of June . He would not take upon himself to blame either the government or the officers ; but when a great Expedition had failed , on which so much of our resources had been expended at a time when they ought to have been husbanded with such care , inquiry was necessary , and they ought to pledge themselves to it this night . The hon . gent . had said something about the altered state of the cabinet , but every minister belonging to it , whether divided or united , was answerable in his own person to the country . He hoped they would come out of the trial with credit , and wished the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had in this instance adopted the language of the Ex-Secretaries of State , who said , `` inquiry is necessary to satisfy the people—it must be had , and the sooner it is had the better . '' He concluded by again defending the vote he would this night give , as consistent with that he had given on a former occasion . declared himself of the same opinion with the right hon . gent . who had 185 just sat down ; but really that gentleman generally spoke so long