have declined answering the same question , put by his colleagues , as that which he had declined answering when put by the House of Commons . How , then , was the House to proceed ? Taking it for granted that the noble lord had presented to his Majesty some narrative or report prior to that on the table ( and if this were denied by any hon . friend of the noble lord , he would sit down and say not another word on the subject , ) taking this for granted nothing could be more evident , than that , in justice to the character of the navy , and in maintenance of the principles of the Constitution—principles which ought to be practised as much as they had been preached—the House should determine to address his Majesty for the production , of that prior document . How could it be said that the papers on the table were sufficient and satisfactory , when there was reason to suppose that there were still lurking in the closet of the King , papers of great importance upon the subject of the Inquiry , and which had not been submitted to the House ? There was every reason to suppose those papers , which were kept back , contained charges and imputations against the gallant officer who commanded the naval branch of the service . When a military commander took such an advantage of his situation as a minister , and of the personal access he had to his Majesty , he must say , that this was a system of favouritism which the House must hold in perfect abhorrence.— It was a sort of favouritism which the constitution of this country knew nothing of , and which was not reconcileable to the idea of a limited monarchy . If such a system of favouritism was allowed to be practised , it would confound all the distinctions between those monarchies that are called limited , and those which are acknowledged to be absolute . The most determined democrats never brought a stronger charge against any monarchy , than that favourites had ready access to the ear of their sovereign , and secret opportunities to poison his royal mind against brave and deserving men , who had no means of defending themselves against such attacks in as much as minions had always a ready access to the sovereign when they had not . In what a situation would the gallant admiral , who was at the 563 head of the naval department of the Expedition , and the navy itself , have stood , if the existing Inquiry had never been instituted by the House of Commons . The papers laid on the table of the House would have manifested an apparent satisfaction at their conduct , while there would have lurked behind in the king 's closet , in a form that could not be gainsaid , a direct accusation by the commander in chief of the expedition against sir Richard Strachan and all his officers . It was impossible that the House could allow any feelings so insiduously created , to exist in his Majesty 's bosom , without asking him to communicate them to his people . If any other document than the Narrative already presented , existed , and that such a document did exist , he had a right to presume , since its existence was not denied , he had also a right to presume that such a document contained charges , the Narrative already produced containing imputations which only stopped short of charges . This Narrative , completely at variance with the noble lord 's own letters and with the Journal of the expedition , had , according to his own declaration , been prepared by him so long back as the 15th October . It had been reserved , however , till a good opportunity offered for presenting it to his Majesty . On the 14th February it was presented , and on the 16th the gallant general moved for the production of that Narrative , a document which the noble lord had