severely felt by the people , it was very important that they should he equally distributed over the country . He had been much struck by observing in the finance accounts of last year , the very small proportion which Scotland contributed to the revenues of the country , though that able financier , Mr. Pitt , when he imposed the income tax , had estimated the taxable revenue of Scotland , to be one-eighth of that of England . Instead however , of proving productive to that account , the produce of the permanent and annual taxes in England amounted to more than thirty-nine millions , while the amount of them in Scotland was little more than three millions . In the total amount of the war taxes the disproportion was equally apparent , for , whilst in England they amounted to twenty millions , they did not in Scotland exceed one million . The total amount of taxes was in England above 59 millions , and in Scotland very little more than 4 millions . The property tax in Scotland produced only about 600,000l . while in England it produced eleven millions . If the produce of the property tax were to be taken as a criterion of the income of the country the income of Scotland would appear to be about three millions , which was less than the sum paid by that country in taxes . This was also a ground for supposing that there was some great deficiency in the collection of taxes from that part of the country . Lord Mahon concluded by observing , that he did not mean to throw any blame upon ministers , or to charge the Chancellor of the Exchequer with neglect upon a subject which must naturally have excited his attention , and he hoped that the right hon . gent . would explain the circumstance to which he had 213 adverted , in a satisfactory manner . If , however , that should not be the case , perhaps the House would think it right to appoint a Select Committtee to inquire into the subject ; and he might , perhaps , give notice of such a motion on a future day . did not think that the circumstance to which the noble lord adverted arose from any neglect in the collection of the taxes in Scotland . The difference between the estimated proportions , he rather thought , arose from the increased prosperity of England , from which the taxes produced much more than was expected . He was sure that in Scotland they did not think themselves favoured in the collection ; for he had been called upon to attend to representations of a certain description of persons there , who were of opinion , that the proportionate burthen upon them was heavier than it ought to be . could not conceive how the produce of the Income Tax should be 11 millions in England , and only 600,000l . in Scotland . thought the House was entitled to have the mistake , if any existed , cleared up . He himself had been struck with the circumstances adverted to by his noble friend ; and though he had no official information on the subject , he was informed by good authority , that the deficiency in Scotland arose from a tardiness in the collection . There might , however , be a particular description of persons who might have reason to complain . said , he conceived the present a fit opportunity to offer a few observations to the House on the subject of Supply . In the speech of the lords commissioners , a strong intimation was given , that it was still intended to carry on the war , in Spain and Portugal . The House had been told , that in voting for the Address in answer to that Speech , it was not pledged upon this subject . He decidedly protested against pledging this country , burthened and borne down as the people were with taxes , to carry on a war in a quarter , and upon a scale