that Supply implicitly , and in a general way , he felt that some information was necessary to the House , as well upon some topics in the Speech , as upon others highly important , which he , as well as many other gentlemen , were surprised to find totally omitted . Notwithstanding the high prosperity in the state of our foreign commerce boasted by his Majesty 's ministers , it was , he believed , a fact well known to every commercial man , that for all the articles of foreign produce , of late imported into this country for home consumption , we were obliged to make all our returns in actual specie , and not in produce or manufacture . Could any thing then , be clearer , than that such a traffic , if longer continued , must speedily drain all the specie out of this country ? Such an effect had already been felt to an alarming extent ; and must not the necessary consequence of the exportation of specie , be an inordinate rise in the value of money , and a great depreciation of paper currency ? Was it not already well known , that a traffic had been for some time carried on , of buying up specie , for the purposes of exportation , at an actual premium of 30 per cent , above its current value : and could any thing be more seriously injurious to the interests of the country than consequences such as these , resulting from this system of licences , under the Orders in Council , to which so much of our national prosperity was attributed ? He wished , therefore , to know from his Majesty 's ministers , whether it was their intention to persist in this system of commercial licences , for the importation of foreign produce , upon terms so ruinous to the national interest.—The other subject to which he had alluded , and upon which the Speech was most unaccountably silent , notwithstanding the intelligence of some recent transactions so highly alarming , was the alarming state of the affairs of India . For the last four years , scarce was there a word of communication given to that House relative to so important a branch of British territory , producing a revenue of no less than fifteen millions a year , except , indeed , when an application was made By the Company to that House for a loan of 1,500,000l . He understood that the India Company intended to apply in this session—for another loan of two millions under the sanction of his Majesty 's ministers ; and by them he now desired to be informed whether this was the fact . He also understood that the Company 's Char- 156 ter was to be renewed in the coming spring . This was another point upon which it was highly necessary for the House and the country to be early and correctly informed ; for surely it was a matter of the most serious concern to . propose such measures without giving parliament full information upon the embarrassed state of the company 's affairs , and ample time to deliberate respecting the policy of granting them a new loan and a new charter , after all that had happened since they , had obtained the last . Upon these points he presumed ministers would have no objection to give the House some explicit information . said he should think it would better have become the hon . gent . to have sought more accurate information on the subject of our export and import trade , before he ventured to make a public assertion , that the whole of our import trade was of late carried on under the system of licenses from the government , for an exportation of mere bullion , without any home produce or manufacture . The fact was , that for a very long time past our export trade had been carried on in manufactures , with a perpetual balance of millions in favour of this country , and to a degree of prosperity