the reverse . The first one which , when called for by the vote of that House , he knew to be in existence in one of the offices of his Majesty 's confidential servants ; the other paper now sought , had been absolutely denied to have any existence in any of the departments of the state . Under such circumstances , it was impossible that ministers could give any answer to the Address of that House , without a personal application to the Sovereign . He had no objection to the production of any paper which he knew was in existence and officially accessible ; but when it was proposed to Call for a paper the existence of which unquestionably had not been rendered official by a communication to his Majesty 's servants , and which was therefore out of their reach , to such a proposition he could by no means assent . Nothing could be more plain and obvious than this principle of distinction . The hon . gent . had expressed his opinion that if lord Chatham 's Narrative had been known to his Majesty 's ministers when the answer was given to the Address of the city of London , it would have been impossible for them to have given his Majesty the advice which they gave on that occasion . To this he would reply , that although the 570 existence of the noble lord 's Narrative was certainly unknown to him at the period alluded to , yet that having had an opportunity of deliberately considering the contents of that Narrative , he had no difficulty in stating that it did not contain any thing which would have induced him to offer to his Majesty any other advice than that which he had offered on the presentation of the Address from the city of London . It was his decided opinion that there was not any thing in the Narrative of lord Chatham which ought to have required a different answer to that address . Whatever might have been the view which the noble lord took of the subject , in his Narrative he had merely stated his own ase , and left to the admiral to account for those circumstances of a naval nature , in which , as lord Chatham supposed , the impediments to the Expedition had originated , Whatever might have been lord Chatham 's view of the subject , he would distinctly declare , that it appeared to him perfectly clear from the dispatches , both of lord Chatham and sir R. Strachan , that not the slightest blame attached to the gallant admiral , and that the delay which had taken place was not imputable to the navy , but to the hostility of the weather , and the difficulty of their situation . As the inquiry had proceeded , he had been more and more confirmed in this opinion . There was nothing in the case that ever induced him to give his Majesty any advice that sir R. Strachan should be tried by a court martial , or that any other inquiry of that or any other nature should take place . That was the extent of the answer given to the city of London . What other course would the hon . gent . have pursued , in such circumstances ? Would he have directed an inquiry to have been instituted ? What kind of inquiry ? A joint inquiry ? Did his reading or his knowledge of history afford any instance of such proceeding ? An inquiry against a naval officer under such circumstances ? Was such a thing ever heard of ? When pregnant facts disproved the supposition of blame , would it have been justifiable to institute a court martial upon a gallant officer , against whom no charge had been preferred , but who had been delayed in the execution of his duty by circumstances which it was impossible for him to controul ? The question now for the House to consider was , would it vote for an Address to the crown to produce a paper , merely