on a larger scale the next year , against St. Domingo and other colonies where the same dreadful mortality ensued . He deplored such effects of war as much as any man ; and thought they formed a strong objection to the employing our armies in foreign service where it could be avoided , but it was not fair to state the mischief as peculiar to the present case or as forming a conclusion presumptive against the government , unless we were prepared to condemn all former Expeditions where the same melancholy effects were felt , and Vo renounce the employment of our army in future , in continental or colonial service.—It ill became the right hon . gent . to condemn administration on this ground , for he himself was in office when the West Indian Expeditions of last war were undertaken . He was surprised also to hear that the hon . gent . argued from the failure of Expeditions to the criminality of their authors . What ! had he forgot Buenos Ayres ? Or had he forgot Quiberon , there it might truly be said in his own terms , that thousands of brave men had been marched to their graves ; aye and consigned to them by acclamation.—The hon . and learned gent . concluded by remarking on the party spirit with which gentlemen on the other side attempted to turn the failure of the Expedition to their own political purpose of getting into power by the dismissal of their opponents . The public was led to expect a redress of grievances , and punishment of delinquents ; but the gentlemen on the opposition bench had the more substantial game in view of obtaining possession of the government ; and this was the true cause of their impatience . They reminded him of the squire of the valourous knight of LaMancha . The knight , like the people of England in this case , was intent on generous purposes , though with mistaken views ; but the squire had always his eye to the main chance ; and as soon as an adventure was atchieved by his master , he conceived like the right hon . gent . that his own end was attained ; and said , `` I do beseech you , sir , give me immediately that same government . '' said that if ever there was a case to be decided on its own merits , independant of all collateral considerations and circumstances it was the 198 present question . It was a most fallacious representation of it , which had been made by his learned friend , who stated , that the question only was whether an inquiry should be voted now or on Monday . It was obvious , however , that if the papers were laid on the table on Monday , some time must be taken to consider them . If further papers should be judged necessary ( as would in all probability be the case , ) time must also be allowed for such additional papers to be prepared and printed . It was not therefore fair to state the delay would only be for a day or two , as it was extremely probable that a good deal of time must elapse before the inquiry founded on such papers could take place . But if the question really were whether , the inquiry should be voted on that day or on Monday he should decidedly prefer the earlier day . This was the first time in his life that he had heard the doctrine , that we should be certain of criminality before we proceeded to inquiry . They all knew that a great calamity had befallen the country and could any doubt be seriously entertained whether an inquiry into the cause or causes of that heavy calamity ought not to take place . In cases respecting individuals in private life , it was enough to know that a great calamity had happened , or that the death of an individual had taken place , and the inquiry followed of course . They did not