but he believed it was perfectly novel to see one of the accused , over whom an impeachment hung , venturing to step forward and make choice of those whom he thought fit to select to inquire into his conduct . It was a much more extraordinary proceeding than any of those at which the right hon . gent . affected to be so much astonished . He had never , known an occasion before , on which the nominator of the Committee had not the unlimited appointment of his own Committee , and on which he might not , if he close , nominate his own friends . ( A laugh . ) Gentlemen might laugh ; but he would ask those opposite , when was there ever a Committee appointed by government , on which ministers did not select their own adherents ? at least , on which they did not take good care to secure the majority ? On the present Committees all were not chosen of the same way of thinking . In that case , indeed these might be some show of objection ; but here there was barely sufficient to turn he 317 scale . It was remarkable that there was one gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) on the Committee , whom the right hon . secretary had passed over even in silence . Why was he so passed over ? Was it because he had shewn himself so well qualified to conduct an impeachment , and to discover delinquency ? Was it because the thanks of that House had been given him on a late trying occasion ? He had no objection in the world that justice should be done to all sides , and he thought the noble lord had full justice done him in the nomination of his friend and secretary , Mr. Robinson . The right hon . gent . had objected to one gentleman as unable to attend ( sir R. Bickerton ) ; but he seemed to forget that he was withdrawn , and Mr. secretary Ryder , to whom ministers could certainly have no objection , substituted in his place . In one choice , indeed , the right hon . gent . had seemed judicious ; and if he saw any necessity for a change in the members , he of course could have no objection to him ; he meant Mr. Yorke . No man could deny that Mr. Yorke was in every respect qualified to constitute a member of a secret Committee . ( A laugh . ) Indeed he should , of such a Committee , be elected chairman . He was not disposed to object to Mr. S. Bourne , if the number could admit him ; but why should Mr. Leycester be put in nomination ? He supposed the right hon . gent . considered himself bound to have him on some Committee soon , in consideration of his having been ousted from the last for which he had proposed him . If the list , as amended , was adopted , he feared the public would be very little satisfied with it . The public would naturally enough , be very suspicious of every proceeding of a Committee , from whose discussions they were excluded . If , then , substantial and evident justice was aimed at , the original Committee would be elected ; but if otherwise , the choice of the right hon . gent . coming in the way it did , from the accused , would be adopted . was not a little surprized to hear that the nomination of the jury was to be at the disposal of the prosecutor . It was , indeed , not only a singular , but a preposterous assertion . If , as had been said , an impeachment was hanging over ministers from the result of this inquiry , why should it be conducted by men who had declared , that their object in the inquiry itself was to turn ministers out of power ? To `` get rid of them , '' was 318 the noble lord