, of course that efficient horses only should be purchased for that service . He implored his Majesty 's ministers , therefore , not to suffer themselves to be persuaded , by any arguments , to make a reduction in a force so necessary to the present security and ultimate defence of the country . expressed disapprobation of certain items in the estimates respecting foreign corps and temporary barracks in Ireland . But what he wished particularly to press upon the attention of the House was the enormous amount of the staff in this country , all of whom being absent from their regiments , performed no service . He could not perceive the reason why seven generals should be necessary in the home district . In the county of Herts , which formed a part of that district , some volunteers corps had been reviewed in 1805 by the duke of Cambridge , but since that period they had seen no general in that county . He did not mean to impute any blame to any of the generals , for the duty was perfectly well performed by the inspecting field officers . It certainly did appear somewhat strange that a staff of 20 persons should be necessary for one district . As to what had fallen from the hon . gent . respecting the military college , he had only to observe , that he entertained great hopes that it would prove beneficial to the army . When he considered the moderate expence of the college , he could not but think that this expence would be amply compensated by the benefits that would result to the army from that establishment . considered it a great defect in the estimates , and a great error in preparing them , that an addition of 7,000l . was to be made to the establishment of the war office , for the purpose of bringing up the arrears of the regimental accounts . He had also to complain , that the Report of the commissioners of military inquiry upon the subject of these arrears of accounts , had been suffered to lie on the table for two years , without having been acted upon . perceiving no disposition in the right hon . gent . opposite to say any thing upon the subject under consideration , and feeling that it must be the wish of the noble lord ( Palmerston ) to 661 hear first all that could be urged against the estimates , in order that he might know to what he was to reply , begged to offer a few observations to the House upon the subject . This he felt it his duty to do , however reluctant he might be to occupy the attention of the House on that occasion . And here he could not help expressing the great satisfaction he felt at the ability with which the army estimates had been opened , in the perspicuous speech of the noble lord . It was the more gratifying to him to pay this tribute to the talents of that noble lord , becuase his latter speech in reply was even more creditable to him than the first on his opening . But he had risen chiefly for the purpose of calling for explanation upon some points in the estimates , which , notwithstanding the luminous speech of the noble lord , still required to be explained . The House was indebted to an hon . friend of his for having the estimates printed ; and he was sure that no gentleman could look through them , and not be convinced that several points required explanation . There was one item for various contingencies amounting to 32,000l . without any specification of the contingencies thus provided for , which particularly required explanation . Many jobs might be introduced under this head of contingencies ; and he was therefore desirous to know whether there would be any objection to giving a detailed account of these contingencies ? This was rendered the more necessary , as on the night before the last the House had come to a vote