failure of the main purposes of the campaign , would it not be essential that they should have information with respect to the reasons for adopting that measure , before they voted thanks for a victory which had produced only disastrous consequences ? maintained that it was not the practice to call for information , with the view of ascertaining the character of a victory when the only purpose in contemplation was the voting thanks to the commander . The precedents were all the other way . Thanks were voted for the victory of Maida , although , without meaning to convey the slightest reflection , it might be said to be little better than a barren laurel . contended , that it was impossible for that House to vote thanks for a mere isolated act of valour , without inquiring into the circumstances which 108 attended it . With respect to the battle of Maida , it was complete in its object , and the commander retreated at his option , but the only consequences of the battle of Talavera were the surrender of our sick and wounded into the hands of the enemy , and our being forced to retreat . thought the conduct of ministers extremely singular ; an intention had been intimated by his noble friend on Tuesday night , of bringing forward a motion of inquiry into the conduct of the campaign in Spain , which necessarily involved the merits of the battle of Talavera , and yet this was not thought a sufficient reason to stop a motion for a vote of thanks for fighting that battle , although in the affair of Basque Roads the mere private intimation of a member of the House of Commons , that he should oppose a vote of thanks , led to a Court-martial on the commander . was desirous that a full inquiry should take place , into the conduct of the campaign in Spain , and that the documents moved for by the noble earl , and many more , should be produced , but he did not think their production applicable to the intended motion for a vote of thanks . There was no precedent for calling for papers to inquire into the general conduct of a campaign with a view merely to a specific vote of thanks for a particular service . In the case of the battle of Corunna no question was made about the vote of thanks , although the campaign had been disastrous and demanded inquiry . was by no means convinced by what he heard , that there was the slightest impropriety in his motions . Let the case be put hypothetically , of a commander advancing into a country , fighting a battle , claiming a victory , and in two days afterwards , being obliged to retreat before those whom he had defeated , and to leave in the hands of the enemy his sick and wounded ; and surely their lordships must feel the necessity of having before them some information as to the circumstances attending this battle , and those which led to it , before they came to the discussion of a vote of thanks proposed to the commander . His noble friend had mentioned the battle of Corunna : when these thanks were voted , he was not in the House , but in that case , the gallant and distinguished officer who commanded , gained his object ; the purpose of fighting was to secure a good retreat , and that 109 object was gained . But in the case of the battle of Talavera , it was doubtful whether it was a victory or not . Under these circumstances he thought it essential that the information moved for should be laid before the house . , understanding that a notice was given on Tuesday night for a motion of thanks to lord Gambier for the destruction of the French ships in Basque Roads , wished to call the attention of the House to the adoption of some mode for the purpose of rendering their proceedings regular . The last notice which