at evidence , which was only supposed to be material to the objects of the Inquiry . In that instance , one of the messengers had been sent with a witness , to bring not alone such papers as were material , but all papers that might be found in the escrutoir of an individual , which papers had afterwards been referred 577 to a Secret Committee to examine and report such as were relevant to the pending investigation , without allowing the owner to see any of them . When the right was so clear , and the object so important , would not the House , he would ask , vote the Address ? If there should be no such paper in existence , then all doubts would be satisfactorily cleared up ; the characters of the distinguished officers supposed to be aspersed , would stand as high as ever , when it should be obvious that they had not been injuriously affected by any secret insituations . besought the House to consider the ground upon which the question rested . It had been assumed in argument , that a paper existed containing charges against sir R. Strachan . If it had been the wish of the earl of Chatham to insinuate charges against that gallant admiral , he might have done it in a more effectual manner . What lord Chatham had done in presenting his Narrative was purely in his own vindication . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to justify the Answer which his Majesty had been advised to give to the Address of the city of London , and contended , that if all the circumstances which had since transpired had been then known , they ought to have caused no difference in the terms of that Answer . observed , that no member had denied the existence of the paper moved for : that no person had been found to say , he did not believe that such a paper was in existence . But it had been said that it was not an official paper . Any paper relative to an Expedition which led to the waste of millions , and the death of thousands , could not , he contended , be considered in any other light than as an official paper . If no such paper existed , why should they leave it in doubt whether the commander in chief had calumniated the character of the navy ? Was there any danger in saying that the paper did not exist ? Could any man believe that there was not danger in leaving this question doubtful ? The House had resolved upon the fullest Inquiry into the policy and conduct of the Expedition to the Scheldt . They had entered upon that Inquiry , and what did they now stop at ? Evidence . A matter of evidence was suggested which was necessary to the carrying on of that Inquiry to the fullest extent : and now the question was , whether they would take the right steps to 578 secure that evidence ? If they were serious in the Inquiry they could not possibly refuse to call for that further evidence . Why was the paper in question to be kept back ? Because it affected the accused . He could imagine no other reason for with holding it . And then it would go to establish the principle , that only so much evidence should be adduced as suited the wishes of the person accused . If it was meant to be a fair Inquiry ; if the House were really in earnest in the prosecution of that Inquiry , how could they hesitate for a moment to call for any evidence that might be reasonably supposed calculated to throw light upon the progress of that Inquiry ? In fine , he thought that if the House meant to put the two services upon an equal footing ; if they did not wish to smuggle the consistent prosecution of the Inquiry , or any of the accused parties , behind the king 's name , they could