measure to which his Majesty 's most gracious Message referred . '' said , that having already stated the reasons why he objected to the Vote of Thanks , and entered his opinion on the Journals , he should not now trouble the House further on the subject ; especially as , if the bill came up from the other House , there would be other opportunities of discussion . He begged to say , however , that he retained his opinions formerly delivered on this subject . He must therefore give his negative to the motion . thought , that 358 there was great valour , and no doubt , skill , shewn in the battle of Talavera ; but it was called `` a decisive victory , '' to which appellation he could not possibly think it entitled . The immediate results of the engagement were by no means the proper usual consequences of a victory . rose to make the motion of which notice was given in his name by the earl of Aberdeen . His lordship said , that this was a question which ought to have no relation to , nor be influenced by party feelings , as it was one which concerned only the essential interests of the country . In the time that lord Howe was at the head of the admiralty , and sir Charles Middleton of the navy board , a practice prevailed which had not prevailed since ; that of keeping a regular digest of the regulations and rules for the direction of the dock yards and the administration of the civil service generally of the navy . There had been no revision of the rules or the practice on this subject till recently , since the times when the duke of York was lord high admiral a century ago . His lordship here entered into a review of the Reports of Naval Revision which contained a very useful history of the navy of Great Britain . He wished to impress on the House , first , that all the Reports of the committee of Naval Revision were originally made not as containing plans for permanent and final adoption , but suggestions for trial , and as experiments to receive improvements from the result of experience , and the well-founded opinions of those who are competent to advise upon the subject . All the Reports which had been placed in the hands of the King , and since produced to that House , as well as the four Reports which had not been laid before them , were to be considered as having the character he described . He could give a variety of illustrations of this opinion from various parts of the Reports ; but it was impossible to enter into such a detail , without engrossing too much of their lordships ' time . He should particularly notice one circumstance in the Reports , and that was the great difference in the modes of keeping the accounts therein suggested ; one in an early Report on the admiralty board , concerning the dock yards ; the other , in the 11th Report , respecting the Victualling board . He shewed , in an extract of a Letter from the 359 commissioners to the admiralty , written after the 15th Report had been made , that they there again urged the propriety of a revision of their former Reports ; and in that letter they said , that since their 1st Report , material improvements had suggested themselves in the modes they had previously recommended . He therefore maintained this conclusion , that these Reports were now open for farther revision and alteration , before the regulations they recommended should be rendered permanent ; and that it was necessary they should be revised and amended until brought to a state of absolute perfection . It appeared that the 6th , 7th , 9th , 11th , 12th and 13th Reports had been presented to the King on the 7th of Sept. 1808 , that after remaining but one day before the council , they had been sent to the