and destroy docks , with the mere view of some little interest of our own . Till the hour of the Copenhagen expedition , nothing had occurred in our conduct to give currency to this falsehood ; now , however , a still greater and more just currency must be given to it from the nature and achievements of this expedition to Walcheren , which terminated in the mighty exploit of blowing up the basin and the docks of Flushing . The plan of this expedition displayed all those errors , that egregious want of information , and that extreme incapacity which have marked all the expeditions of his Majesty 's ministers . At the first point of attack , where , according to the information of ministers , only 2,000 men were stationed , 14,000 were found ; and the second point of attack , which , according to the same information , was slated to be completely open and accessi- 19 ble , was found to he strongly fortified , beyond the reach of our attack , secure from hostile approach , and inaccessible to our force . I am disposed to believe that the officers employed in this expedition have fully discharged their duty . The reason for the appointment of the noble lord who commanded that expedition I shall not now inquire . It was undoubtedly most unfortunate for him , the first time he held a command , to be placed at the head of an expedition which was attended by nothing bat difficulty and disappointment . I am disposed to believe , however , that in that situation he did all that could be reasonably expected or was possible to accomplish . The error was in the plan , and the want of all foresight or information on the part of his Majesty 's ministers . The part the noble lord I have alluded to took in it as a minister is another question , but as a commander I believe he did as much as the difficulties of his situation would allow . The failure of the expedition , therefore , is to be attributed to the ministry , whose ill-judged plan and whose gross want of information form a prominent part of their errors and misconduct.—You have seen , my lords , that these different disastrous expeditions have been attended with a dreadful waste of life ; that they were collected and dispatched at an immense expence ; that the resources of the country , and the lives of its armies , were squandered upon vain and impracticable objects , under circumstances naturally to be foreseen , and which ought consequently to have been guarded against . I know there may be cases in which it may be necessary to expose your armies not only to the dangers of battle , but also to those of disease . Deeply to be regretted as such cases are undoubtedly ; yet they may certainly exist . Why our armies were exposed in unhealthy situations in Spain—whether it was necessary they should be so exposed ; will be matter for future inquiry . How has that happened as to Walcheren ? the place , the situation , nay , the season of the year were chosen by his majesty 's ministers . There is a season of the year when the air of that place is most pestilential and dangerous ; yet to that place , and at that time , say his majesty 's ministers , `` we will send the flower of the British army . We will not send it at a time when its operations may be advantageous , but we will send it when , from 20 every information , it will be destroyed , more by disease than by the sword . '' What , my Lords , would Austria have said , for whom this expedition was , it seems , intended as a diversion ? What would Austria have said had she been consulted on this subject ? She would have said , `` If you do send an expedition to that place at all , send