, peculiar notice , and he would shortly detain the House by stating some of the circumstances attending the accomplishment of it . The French fleet had escaped from Brest on the 23d of March ; they were seen by admiral Stopford , who had at that time three sail of the line , and some small frigates going into Basque roads . The French fleet consisted of eight sail of the line , and several frigates . Admiral Stopford gave the sig- 243 nal that the enemy had escaped , and proceeded to blockade them with his small force , until he was joined by four sail more . The Rochefort squadron , consisting of three ships of the line , having joined the Brest fleet , continued to be blockaded by those seven sail , until the 11th or 12th of April , when lord Gambier having arrived , made those arrangements for the attack , which was began by the Mediator , capt . Wooldridge . There were some circumstances which he must mention with respect to this gallant officer , which the House would be glad to hear , as they reflected the greatest credit upon his gallantry . As the Mediator bore down to her station , the fuze was set on fire . At length the crew were dismissed ; and the Captain , with the first lieutenant and a gunner , alone remained on board . They remained not merely till they were in danger , but till they were actually blown up ! The captain and his lieutenant escaped with their lives ; the gunner was killed—a most noble instance of the most daring and heroic bravery . The attack , having been thus commenced on the night of the 13th successively , was followed up the next day by the noble lord ( Cochrane ) with peculiar gallantry ; the consequence was , that no less than three sail of the line and a fifty gun ship were completely destroyed . The House therefore would not be disposed , he trusted , to refuse its thanks for eminent services when performed under such great peril arid risk whilst the enemy were possessed of the protection of their own batteries , and other advantages which in harbour they could bring into play for the security of their own vessels . It was an enterprise of great and peculiar hazard and difficulty . The result had been highly injurious to the enemy , and had the effect of not only disabling , but of removing the enemy 's whole squadron from the possibility of being for a considerable time available for the purposes of the naval campaign . Was not that an object of great magnitude ? The fleet no doubt was destined to perform some great operation , which this service had rendered them not only incapable of accomplishing , but had entirely annihilated their whole force . Of this service in which lord Gambier had been employed , and had so successfully executed , the utmost attention had been paid to the interests of the state : not more than 20 lives had been lost , and not more than 30 or forty wounded . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving 244 the following Resolutions . 1 . `` That the thanks of this House be given to admiral the right hon . lord Gambier , for the zeal , judgment , ability , and anxious attention to the welfare of his Majesty 's service , which marked his lordship 's conduct as commander in chief of the fleet in Basque roads , by which the French fleet , which had taken refuge under the protection of their own batteries , were driven on shore and disabled , and a considerable part of them destroyed on the 11th and 12th of April 1809 . 2 . That the thanks of this House be given to rear-admiral the hon . Robert Stopford , captain sir Harry Burrard Neale , bart. , captain of the fleet , and to the several captains and officers of the fleet under the command