not think it necesary to employ any argument to impress the House with the propriety as well as the necessity of very extensive retrenchment in that department . There was another item also in these estimates which deserved the particular attention of the House ; that which regarded the establishment of a new army medical board . A noble lord ( Temple ) had given notice of a motion on this subject ; but though he was not disposed to anticipate the discussion , still he must offer a few words on it . The old medical board had fairly run itselfout : — it no longer existed . It stood exposed in all its nakedness , and was at length actually dismissed.—But was the army likely to gain by the change ? Was the new establishment to be more efficient ? He had heard that the members of it were to receive increased salaries , because they had consented to give up their private practice—It was certainly but fair , if gentlemen , for public services , were taken from situations or professions of great emolument , that they should be indemnified for any loss they might sustain by the change ; but was this the case with the members of the new board ? So far from it , that he understood that two , if not the whole three of them , had retired 665 from practice for several years . He had felt it his duty to make some enquiry into the history of these gentlemen . One of them he learned was upwards of 70 , almost as old , indeed , as sir Lucas Pepys , who was so old , in fact , that he was not capable of discharging his duty . The person he meant was Dr. Weir , who was a surgeon 's mate in 1761 , 49 years ago . Him they put at the head of the new medical board , having broken up the former for inefficiency . Dr. Ker was between 50 and 60 years old , was an hospital mate in 1766 , and took a degree some years ago in Edinburgh . He , as well as the head of the board , had retired . Dr. Gordon , he understood , had also retired into the country . What practice , he would ask , had these people given up to entitle them to increased salaries ? He could not but consider the increase of salary to them , therefore , as a most wanton and censurable waste of the public money . It was singular , too , that the whole of these gentlemen had come from the north of the Tweed , He did not mean to throw any imputation on that part of the empire , for many natives of which he had the highest respect . The selection , however , might be easily accounted for : the Commander in Chief was of the same country , between 70 and 80 ; and it was very natural that he should have a partiality for persons nearly of his own age and of his own nation . But whatever the decision of the House might be , for the present , respecting the new establishment , he trusted the old medical board would not escape inquiry ; that they would not be dismissed retaining their salaries . If it should be found they had done injury to the medical service of the army , they deserved to be punished . Two out of the three of these accused their colleague of having killed some thousands of the army by the error and insufficiency of his practice and arrangements . Was not this a subject for inquiry ? If one of them was so old that he could not do his business—if he knew nothing of camps , and the diseases incident to a campaign , the knowledge of which was essential to the situation he filled , would the House agree to vote such a man remuneration ? Before he would vote a shilling for the new establishment , he