with their fellow subjects of every other description , contribute , by taxes , arms , and industry , to sustain and defend . `` —Ordered to lie upon the table . rose to move for the production of copies of the Oaths administered to the members , witnesses , and judge advocate , upon naval courts martial . His lordship disclaimed any party motives with this motion , or any motives originating with a recent transaction of this nature , but was solely actuated by a wish to set right the misunderstanding upon this subject . He had been a member of numerous courts martial , where he had an opportunity of observing the evil consequences arising from the misconstruction of the oath , and the want of those regulations on the part of the judge advocate , which were practised in military courts martial so benefi- 323 cially to the public service . He meant afterwards to move for a committee , to consider the construction of those oaths , and in what manner they might be amended . seconded the motion . had but one objection to the motion , viz . that these documents were already before the House . The oaths of the members and judge advocate would be found in the stat . 22 Geo . 2 , then on the table , and the oath of the witnesses in a book , called , The Naval Code ; and thus , where such documents were so accessible , he could see no parliamentary grounds for the motion . agreed to withdraw that part of his motion relating to the oaths in the statute book , upon an understanding that he should be at liberty to read them upon any motion he might hereafter think necessary.—The other part of the motion was then put and carried . rose to submit the proposition to the House , of which he had on the last evening given notice ; and although he felt it to be a subject of the greatest importance , he still could not coincide in the apprehensions of those who considered this interference with what was called the Standing Order of that House , as a matter attended with mighty difficulties and with peculiar delicacy . In delivering his sentiments upon this subject , it was wholly unnecessary for him to take up any considerable portion of their time . Neither did the plain statement to which he should confine himself stand in need of adventitious ornaments . There was little use for calling forth either the cogency of argument , or the decorations of language , to recommend the course which he should propose ; for if the good sense of the House , its willingness to stand high in the estimation of the country , and to hold firm the confidence of its constituents—if all such powerful and persuasive inducements could not influence them , then it would be idle to expect that such auxiliary aids could make an impression . There was nothing in what he should propose which savoured of party motive or of political bias ; his sole object was to impress upon that House the vital necessity of meriting by its conduct , at this critical period more than ever , the confidence of the people . That being ; his view of the question , he could not lend himself to the apprehensions of those who , from most 324 honourable motives he was convinced , had felt it to be their duty to call into action that mistakenly supposed Standing Order for the Exclusion of Strangers . Unwilling as he was to create any irritation in the discussion of this subject , he still must ask , what was there in the present investigation , in which the House was engaged , that called for concealment and secrecy , disclaimed and refused in a recent inquiry , which from its nature might have pleaded for that delicacy—in that inquiry where the House was compelled to tear aside the veil which the imperfections of humanity had thrown over the frailties of domestic life ? Shall