there , after it is determined that your remaining there can be of no use ; this atonement , at least , I shall make to you and to my country ? '' Such , my lords , I should have thought , , would have been the feelings of ministers . What they actually were I know not.—With such a case then already established , my lords , do you mean to wait for enquiry , before you pronounce upon that which is now evident ? Will garbled papers be a compensation for all this mass of calamity and disgrace , to an injured and outraged country ? Will they be a compensation to yourselves ; or will such conduct be consistent with your own dignity and duty ? Separate yourselves , my lords , I beseech you , in this awful and perilous crisis of your fate , from this misconduct of ministers ; —declare your severe reprobation of the conduct of ministers on that point , which is already completely before you , and which from its very nature 22 can admit of no defence . You will find them , my lords , I have no doubt , attempting as they have done on former occasions , to shift the blame from themselves to the officers commanding this expedition . But they will not stop there . As in the case of Sir John Moore 's expedition , they will involve your lordships in the same charge . You , who after the experience you had of their mode of proceeding in the expedition under general Moore , encouraged them to go on in the same course . And how can you , my lords , entirely exculpate yourselves ? How can yon , who saw what had taken place before in Spain and Portugal without expressing your disapprobation , excuse yourselves from a share in the disasters which have since happened in the same countries ? In the constitution of this country , obligation does not , in these cases , rest solely with ministers.—You , too , my lords , have a duty to perform , which if you do not perform , you are justly chargeable with your share in the public calamities . In another view it is of the last importance that your lordships should diligently attend to those duties which are incumbent upon the parliament ; for , unless you do , how can you possibly blame others for the neglect of theirs ? Now , my lords , we must look to the virtues of parliament . These are not times for votes of confidence and implicit reliance upon ministers . Parliament must now exert itself in this most imminent crisis of the fate of our country . You can not be ignorant , my lords , of the situation , the tremendous situation in which your country is placed . Its dangers are no longer to be enhanced by eloquence or aggravated by description . No description can come up to the feelings of those who are at all capable of judging upon the subject . If you can not look to parliament for its deliverance , where can you look ? Can you look for its deliverance to the government ? See it , my lords , broken , distracted , incompetent , incapable of exerting any energy or of inspiring any confidence.—It is not from the government , then , that our deliverance is to be expected . It must , my lords , be found , if it is to be found at all , in your own energy and in your own patriotism . On these grounds I shall move an Amendment to this Address , not , indeed , such as comes up to my own feelings on the subject , but one which I trust will be satisfactory to the public , and afford those who may see reason to think their former confidence ill placed , an 23 opportunity of evincing their determination to give that confidence no longer . To the first paragraph of the Address , expressive of the