not wish to appeal to the feelings of the House by drawing a picture of all that our army suffered upon that fatal spot . I merely wish to direct their attention to a dry statement of the case . Five thousand men dead , and about as many more ruined in their health and rendered completely incapable of service ; and all this owing to the most profound ignorance of the most obvious and most material facts . It is really a thing so unaccountable , and so unlike the conduct of any moderately intelligent men , that if it had not happened in our own time , and within the immediate scope of our own observation , we should hardly have thought it credible . Did then a British Ministry , deliberating upon an expedition , on which forty thousand men were to be employed , wholly omit to enquire whether the spot to which they were to be sent was healthy or not ? Did it never occur to them that a low marshy spot might be unfavourable to the human frame , particularly in the summer or autumn months ? Did none of the persons , whom they must have consulted upon other points , even drop a hint as to this ? Did none of the thirteen members of the cabinet even open the commonest book upon the subject ? Or were they possessed of complete information ? Did they foresee and calculate upon the loss , and determine to incur it for a certain glory and advantage that was to ensue ? Was this their scheme of policy ? Did they deliberately resolve to expose a whole British army , the finest the country ever sent out , to the effects of a pestilential disease , and that for the sake of seizing a few ships and destroying an arsenal ? They are in a dilemma from which it is impossible for them to extricate themselves . Either they were wholly ignorant of the nature of the country which was to be the scene of their exploits or they were not ; if they were , how scandalous their neglect ; if they were not , how wanton their cruelty . 58 And this , Sir , naturally leads one to consider the last act of this tragedy , that deplorable instance of utter incapacity for the management of affairs—the manner in which this expedition was abandoned . This is an error which is not to be imputed to either of those persons who have since , retired from office . It was the act of the government nearly as it is now composed , and may therefore be considered as no unfair specimen of their administration . For two months those persons , to whose care and wisdom England is now confided , were utterly unable to determine whether they should evacuate the Island of Walcheren or not ; two months during which , the British Army was daily perishing by disease . Whether this interval was spent in consulting naval and military authorities , or in settling disputes among themselves , I know not , nor is it material to enquire , but this much is clear , from the orders and counter-orders they issued , ( one day sending workmen to build fortifications , another day sending transports to take away the troops ) , that it was spent in a state of vacillation and uncertainty , which would be ridiculous in any ordinary transaction of life . Nor was it till the change of the season had somewhat abated the malignity of the climate ; until we had , as it were , taken the benefit of the fever from beginning to end , until the powers of destruction had worn themselves out , and nature had ceased to make war against us , that they , at last , consented to relieve the British Army from that charnel house to which it had been condemned . One would have thought that even if they were blind to all considerations of policy , even if they had no regard to