create an unmerited prejudice against me by shewing that their conduct had been arraigned by me , and so induce them to unite against me , and make common cause with the Commander in Chief , who had stepped forward , as he insinuated , to vindicate their injured characters , and examined his secretary on the subject . One instance may , of the many which I could adduce , well suffice , in relation to the conduct of the learned Judge Advocate : Asked , on a certain occasion , by the President , `` Is that evidence ? '' he answered , I should think it is . And , why , Sir , did he think so ? `` because it was to affect the evidence of Lord Cochrane ; in that point of view he thought it was legal evidence , '' although I had not even touched on the subject then under consideration . As to the Court , their conduct is too glaring to admit of a doubt , as to the motives by which they were actuated . Conversations between officers , and questions framed upon matter arising out of such conversations : were admitted , notwithstanding , Sir , my testimony had been refused , in an instance , wherein I merely stated , that the opinion I had at the moment delivered to the Court , had formerly been given in the presence of certain officers , and , Sir , I submit to you , and to the learned gentlemen in this House , that such reference was admissible , as it was to establish that , by having said at a former time what I then stated , I was consistent with myself . The Judge Advocate pursued the same course , he received documents as evidence , which could not be authenticated , and on the other side , rejected those that could . Amongst the latter , was captain Woolf 's order to supersede me in the inner anchorage ; though the secretary who wrote it , arid captain Woolf who received it , were witnesses before the Court ; but , had that paper been established , I will tell you , Sir , what it would have proved ; it would have proved , that it had been written together with lord Gambier 's two letters of recall , on the 13th , although the signal , to the same 225 effect , had been attempted to be denied , and witnesses examined to support assertion against his acts . I shall not detain the House longer , than to pledge myself by every thing that is valuable to man , if these Minutes are granted , to prove , though that is not immediately the intention of calling for them , not only that injustice and partiality on the part of the court has been exercised towards me , not only that the judge advocate , the expounder of the law , pointed his decisions from the course of justice ; but , Sir , that the defence is contradicted by itself , contradicted by his lordship 's official letters , and by his own witnesses , many of whom , as to substantive facts , are at variance with themselves and each other ; and lastly , that the chart of the positions of the enemy 's ships on the 12th of April , a most material point , is false , and in every respect a foul fabricacation . This , and all that I have said , I pledge myself to prove to the conviction of the world , if the Minutes of the court are laid before this House . Or , if I fail , then , Sir , let contempt and merited infamy follow me ; then Sir , unworthy of the honour , which his Majesty was graciously pleased to confer upon me , I shall resign it back into his hands , and vacate my seat in this House . I do not desire to get off with nominal responsibility , and I wish his