, now be accused of inconsistency in pleading an exemption for Ireland , when a scarcity of grain was 544 not pretended to exist in that country . A Petition on the table of the House from Waterford shewed , that in that city they had 100,000 quarters of oats , for which they could obtain no consumption , unless distillation was allowed . The farmers in that neighbourhood , as well as in many other parts of Ireland , were also overloaded , and in the interior of the country could have no market without the distilleries . was hostile to the proposition made by the noble lord , though he agreed with many of the arguments that had been offered on the other side of the question . The truth was , that the agricultural were the only interests that ought not to be meddled with in Ireland , the reasons for which were obvious , though of such a nature as , in his opinion , ought not to be brought before the House . It was allowed that Ireland , from the redundance of her crop , might supply her own distilleries . He therefore thought the exemption ought to granted , though it was his earnest wish that the use of malt liquors were more generally introduced . had concurred both in 1803 and 1809 in the restriction , not from any regard to the interest of the West India merchants , but from a conviction that in the circumstances of the country , shut out in a great measure from the Continent , and our relations with America appearing precarious , such a measure was essential to secure our own independence , and to guard against any probability of scarcity . Viewing the subject in that light , he thought then as he did now , that the prohibition should be universal . Had it not been for the importation , he had no doubt that the quartern loaf would have been at two shillings . A great part of the North and West of England , and the Wrest of Scotland , depended in a great measure on Ireland for supply of oats , which was the food of the common people employed in manufactures , and during the last year that the exemption had been granted to Ireland , the supply from that country had been much less than in the preceding years . Not only was that the case , but he was assured that several persons had come over from Ireland last year , to make purchases in Scotland , after the expectation was entertained of having the prohibition removed . He would therefore suggest the propriety , should the exemption be thought expedient , of preventing the exportation 545 of grain from England or Scotland into Ireland , which he had too much reason to believe would be practised . contended , that , from the evidence afforded by the petitions on the table of the House , it was necessary to admit that there was a superbundance in Ireland . There was at least no evidence to the contrary ; and why should Ireland be deprived of the advantage of distilling from her own grain , not with a view to reserve the surplus for herself , but for the use of others ? By denying the exemption , he contended that they would also ultimately injure the interests of this country , by discouraging the agriculture of Ireland , and eventually depriving this country of that source of supply . was against the prohibition altogether , but if such a measure were continued , he should certainly oppose any exemption . There was a great deal of barley in the country that would not malt for beer , from the bad condition it was in , but which might answer very well the purposes of distillation . did not wish to view the question as a local one , but one in which the interests of the whole empire were deeply involved . They had to feed Portugal , they had to feed the Portuguese government in