laws . When she received the thanks of the House for so doing , she gave them in return her `` hearty commendations , for having recalled her from an error , proceeding from her ignorance , not her will , and acknowledged that these things would have turned to her disgrace , had not such harpies and horse leeches , '' ( as the good Queen termed these monopolizers ) , `` been made known and discovered to her , by her faithful Commons . '' ( Rapin , A. D . 1600 . ) James I , confined his grants of monopoly to foreign trade only ; and Mr. Hume tells us , that `` by this enormous grievance the trade of England was reduced to a very low ebb , 404 `` being brought into the hands of a few rapacious engrossers . '' At length Parliament interfered again , and an Act was passed in the 21st year of that King 's reign , by which all monopolies were condemned , as contrary to law and the known liberties of the people : an Act , which sir John Sinclair observes , ought for ever to have put an end to so destructive a grievance . Charles I , among other expedients to raise money , resorted to that of granting exclusive and particular privileges ; but as soon as Parliament met , they protested against these grants as one of their greatest grievances , and passed a resolution , that all members having a share in them , directly or indirectly , should be incapable of holding a seat in the House . Many in consequence vacated their seats , and those who did not , were expelled . ( Rushworth , 4. page 37 . Whitelocke , page 38 . ) This may be no bad lesson to some gentlemen concerned in the present undertaking ; for certainly the principle of exclusion may be much more justly applied to those who obtain particular privileges by grants from the crown , than to those who take contracts by public and open biddings , in the disposal of which the crown has no influence whatever . I shall not trespass on the patience of the House , by citing more parliamentary or historical authorities , nor by giving quotations from writers on political economy , all of whom concur in the injustice and impolicy of establishing companies with exclusive or particular privileges ; but conclude my observations upon them with the just and emphatic sentiment of Dr. Adam Smith , who says , that `` they are nuisances in every respect . `` —If I am asked why I , who profess myself inimical to all such companies , object to the appointment of a Select Committee , to consider of the Act of the 6th Geo . I , by which the exclusive privilege of effecting marine insurances , as companies , was granted to the two companies now existing , I answer , because the limited extent of the influence and interest of these companies , renders them much less exceptionable than this intended New Marine Insurance Company , which , we are told by its advocates , comprises 9-10ths of the whole commercial interest of this metropolis ; because I am not so inveterate a system-monger as to wish to subvert old established institutions , although I disapprove of the principles on which they were founded , when experience has shewn 405 that they are not inconvenient nor hurtful in practice ; and because I will not lend myself to the views of those , who , under the specious pretext of redressing existing grievances , would introduce others infinitely more intolerable in their stead ; and who are pursuing their own private interests , under the pretence of the public good.—If I am asked why I object to the other part of this motion , the appointment of a Committee to consider of our present means of effecting marine insurances in Great Britain , I answer , because the subject was completely investigated so lately as July , 1806 , by the