be held till long after the time when , at their rate of proceeding , the representatives , the places they were to represent , the place where they were to meet , the antiquarians , the archives and all , would be involved in one common destruction . Whilst Victor was upon his march to fight the battle of Medellin , they were speculating at leisure upon what form of government would suit them best , when England , or chance , or a miracle , or any thing but their own exertions , should have driven the French across the Pyrenees . And this , Sir , instead of instant remedies for present evils , instead of war and finance , instead of seeking how to draw a revenue from the provinces that still remained , with the least possible pressure upon the people ; how to raise and discipline their armies , how to support their allies ; and above all , how to give to every man what no man now has , a direct and palpable interest in the result of the struggle . And yet , Sir , it was with all these circumstances full in their view , that his Majesty 's ministers determined to send an Expedition to Spain , the success of which , supposing that it could succeed at all , depended wholly upon the zealous aid , and the friendly disposition both of the people and government of Spain . Perhaps it may be said that the renewal of the war in Germany , gave a new turn to affairs and called upon us to try at least , 46 * whether , by sending another army to the peninsula , we could not either rescue Spain from the grasp of the conqueror , or compel Buonaparté to dispatch some part of that force with which he was preparing to overwhelm Austria . If so , why was the force we sent so small ? Why was it upon a scale so ridiculously disproportioned to that upon which the operations of war are now carried on in Europe ? If the ministers really thought any thing was to be done in that quarter , why were not those armies which at the same time we were idly wasting upon visionary and exploded projects , concentered in Spain and Portugal , in order by one great effort to drive the French across the Ebro ? No , Sir , we preferred sending ten thousand men to view the Italian shore , and thirty thousand men to wage war with the fever in Holland , while with five and twenty thousand men , that is , with about half the smallest number Buonaparté ever maintained in that country , we undertook to reconquer Spain . If they say that the country was not capable of maintaining so large a number of troops , why then , I answer that though that may be an excellent reason for sending no army at all , it is no reason for sending an army which was quite inadequate to any useful purpose . The choice was not between the measure itself and half the measure , but between the measure itself , and some other measure of a different nature . The fundamental error which , as I conceive , pervaded the whole of our operations with respect to Spain , consisted in supposing that the Spanish troops were capable of acting in conjunction with ours . Now , Sir , I apprehend , that if there is any point more clearly established than another , both by the events of sir John Moore 's campaign , and by every other species of evidence , it is this , that the Spaniards neither had a regular army , nor any thing that was capable of co-operating with a regular army , and that whenever the French chose to concentrate their force , at the risque of rising in that part of the country which such a movement would compel them to abandon , and which they might easily re-occupy when they had obliged us