conduct of the preceding administration should only be looked to as a beacon and a land-mark to avoid the same course . Magnificent preparations were immediately made for expeditions upon a great scale . Ministers had the unlimited disposal of the treasure of the country , and , I lament to say , the unlimited disposal of the lives of its brave defenders . How they have wasted the one , and sacrificed the other , is too painfully apparent . They had , at the time of the commencement of the last campaign between France and Austria , a disposable force of 100,000 men ; but , great as this force was , it was impossible they could , by its employment upon the continent , have altered the fate of the war , although I do not mean to dispute that they might have altered the fate of the campaign.—But I. will concede to them for the moment , for the sake of argument , what I absolutely deny upon principle , and in point of fact , namely , that it was desirable to adopt a system of continental co-operation , and endeavour to make a powerful diversion in favour of Austria . It surely , my Lords , is apparent , that if a diversion is to be made at all , it ought to be made early , with a sufficient force ; and , lastly , it ought to bear upon the scene and pressure of the war . Now , my lords , in the late campaign with Austria , there was one , if not two opportunities of making a diversion of this nature . With our maritime superiority , and the means which were at that time open to us , we might have landed a large force at Trieste , or in its neighbourhood , which would have borne upon the great pressure of the war , and proved a powerful diversion . Austria was making a gallant struggle , and the army , by which she was finally overwhelmed , owed its success , in a great measure , to the reinforcements it derived from the French troops in the very neighbourhood of Trieste . How , then , would a diversion directed to that quarter have operated ? 15 Our army would have kept in check the troops under Marmont and Macdonald , and would have effectually prevented them from marching to join the main French army on the Danube . I do not believe that this would ultimately have changed the fate of the war , but it would , very probably , have altered the fate of the campaign . I am aware , that it may be objected that an enormous expence would have been incurred ; that a large number of transports must have been employed ; and that there would have been a great difficulty in transporting a large army to that distance . There was , however my lords , another mode of making a powerful diversion ; the North of Germany was open to us : how did his Majesty 's ministers encourage the risings in the North of Germany ? What hopes did they not hold out to the brave inhabitants of those provinces , and how cruelly did they disappoint those hopes , abandoning to destruction those brave men , even in the territories of our own sovereign , whom they had deluded with false hopes and delusive promises . A force landed in the North of Germany would have found ready to co-operate with them , not an armed peasantry , not an undisciplined rabble , but disciplined troops , disbanded soldiers ; men who had been trained to the use of arms , and in habits of discipline and subordination . To meet such a force the National Guards of Paris could not have been sent , nor the armed Maréchaussée of the Frontiers , but regular troops must have been detached from Saxony and Bavaria , and a powerful diversion would thus have been made ; not that I believe , my lords , that the