and so easy to be misrepresented and misconceived as embezzlement . expressed some surprise at this delicate sensibility on the subject of penalties when they approached a public office , where the son or the brother of a great man might be affected . He had stated on a former occasion the circumstance of a collector , who had absconded with 27,000l . of the public money in his hands , and had afterwards been taken with 7,000l . of it in his possession , as the ground of this bill . In that case , if the clerk of that collector had been guilty , he would have suffered death ; but as the law at present stood , no adequate punishment could be inflicted upon the principal , and , therefore , the law officers had not thought it desirable to proceed against him . It was to remedy this glaring defect in the law that he had brought forward this bill . When he considered that the right hon . gent . must have been a party to the passing of a bill imposing the penalty of death on the clerk or cashier of a bank for embezzlement ; and also to the act , rendering it a transportable offence to shoot , ensnare , or kill deer in a close park or paddock , he could not help admiring his tender sensibility on the present occasion . But whatever might be the tender sensibility of gentlemen , he would contend , that it was the duly of that House , to mete out equal justice to all ; to have but one and the same law for the rich and for the poor . Could they forget the cases of Mr. 435 Villiers and Mr. Hunt , as well as others which had recently occurred , or could any one , who reflected upon the consequences of such cases remaining unpunished , think the punishment of transportation was too severe for the crime of fraudulently embezzling or making use of public money ? It would be for a jury to determine what was the embezzlement . Convinced of the justice and necessity of the measure , he had brought it forward . disclaimed any wish to protect public delinquents , and declared himself as ready as the hon . baronet , to punish any offender , convicted of a crime of that description . thought there was a very essential difference between the cases of embezzlement of Bank , South Sea Company , and merchants ' clerks , and the situation of receivers of public money . These receivers often mixed the public money with their own , and had frequently a certain time allowed them to keep it in their hands , so that it would be impossible to say when they fraudulently made use of it ; whereas , clerks of merchants , of banks , or of the South Sea Company , had no right to mix their master 's money with their own , and if they did , and made use of it , so as not to be able to pay when called on , it was clearly a fraudulent embezzlement . He thought the doctrine urged by the hon . baronet , that the House made severe laws for the poor , and not for the rich , was as improper as any that had been used in that House . objected to the term , `` fraudulently made use of , '' and proposed , that instead of `` use of , '' should be substituted , `` away with , '' so that the words would then be `` fraudulently made `` away with . `` —On the question being put , strongly objected to the whole principle of the clause , as going to deprive government of every security it now had , in the event of any deficiency arising in the accounts of receivers of public money . At present the embezzlement of public money was punished as a misdemeanor , by which the delinquent was subject to unlimited fine and imprisonment , and even