that had been used by that right hon . gent . had been already refuted by the worthy baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) behind him , in so much that he was certain the right hon . gent . himself , would , on the slightest consideration , be convinced of its irrelevancy and inapplicability to the question of the inquiry before that House , The right hon . gent . had said that in the prosecution of that inquiry the House resembled a grand jury , and had triumphantly asked , whether they had ever heard of the admission of strangers to the grand jury room ? But he would ask that right hon . gent. , whether he had ever heard of a grand jury publishing the evidence produced before it , or the papers upon which it was called upon to come to a decision ? The right hon . gent . seemed to have forgotten altogether that certain papers had been laid upon the table of that House , and 344 ordered to be printed ; and that the oral evidence to be taken at the bar was called for , only to supply deficiencies in those papers , or to invalidate or confirm the statements they contained . The right hon . gent . if that was the only argument he could advance , could not support his doctrine , and indeed seemed only to be apprehensive upon the whole , lest he should himself be misrepresented in the course of the inquiry . Why did the grand jury not publish the evidence upon which it was bound to form a decision ? Why , but because , as it could be but an ex-parte statement , they would not publish any thing in that shape , which might influence the opinion or verdict of the petty jury ? The House was not in the situation of a grand jury , therefore , as it was essential to the proceeding in which it was engaged , to publish the documents upon which it was ultimately to form its decision . And here he could not but notice the consistency of the conduct of the right hon . gentleman . When on a former night the right hon . member had moved the standing order against strangers being suffered to be present , a noble friend of his ( lord Ossulston ) , not the noble mover of the inquiry , had pressed its observance with respect to certain peers , who continued under the gallery after the other strangers had withdrawn . To these peers the right hon . gent . was disposed to concede , what he was for withholding from the other strangers : that is , he would not suffer those , who had no immediate interest in the proceedings , to be present during their progress , whilst he had no objection to the presence of those whose conduct was upon trial . The right hon . gent . had stated , that he was not responsible to him ; certainly he could not be ( nor to any man ) , for his conduct , but to his constituents . This was a high and a proud feeling on the part of that right hon . gent . ; but if he was not much misinformed and egregiously wrong , no very considerable time had elapsed since that right hon . gent . had betrayed an apprehension to meet his constituents . If his information was correct , or if rumour was to be depended on , in the tottering situation of the present government , they might have had the ministerial assistance of that right hon . gent . if he had not been afraid to look his constituents in the face , and appeal to their sense of his parliamentary conduct.—He had brought forward this motion with all the temper which such a subject and his respect for the House de- 345 manded ; and it he had fallen into some warmth in his reply , it was because topics and arguments had been started in the