swerve from any part of his duty , or that he could have suppressed explanation from the influence of any such feelings as those ascribed to him . I utterly deny . I have addressed the House somewhat more at length than I originally intended , and I thank them for the attention with which they have listened to me ; and the great interest which I can not but take in the subject must be my apology . appeared at the bar , with the report of the Address to his Majesty , in answer to his most gracious Speech . rose , and began by observing , that he had paid that attention that was due to the sentiments of the different gentlemen , gentlemen who had already delivered their respective opinions on the various topics which the full discussion of the King 's Speech naturally embraced . He had listened , he hoped , with equal candour , to the defence of the men who thought themselves still qualified to govern the country , and to the arguments of those who thought themselves better fitted for that arduous situation ; and the result of the whole was , to confirm more and more that calm conviction of mind , with which he had entered that House , of the necessity , sooner or later , of an entire change of system ; of a thorough , constitutional , and temperate reform in parliament . When they considered the extent and nature of the failures abroad , the numerous instances of obstinacy , fatuity , and incapability at home , that had stigmatized the short period of time since their last meeting in that place ; and when they compared , with that consideration , the confidence that the majority of that assembly were still willing to repose in the authors of our disgraces , it did appear to him astonishing , how any well-meaning reflecting man could doubt , that there was something in our system radically wrong . With respect to the leading complaints made against the present ministers , never were men in such a state of self-abandonment ; they had nothing to say for themselves , and could have confidence in nothing but in that assembly , in which there seemed to be a mysterious something that might justify the most culpable in expectations the most extravagant , not only of impunity , but protection . This he did not say out of any sentiment of personal asperity to the gentlemen composing the present administration , and the principle of it , which , without a reform , it must have in common with every future administration : he spoke not against this individual or that , or in favour of this or that party . If gentlemen at this very awful crisis felt alarm , because the conduct of public affairs were intrusted to the present ministers , and thought that their apprehensions for the public safety could be removed only by the appoint- 115 ment of other men in their stead , more able , more experienced , or more honest , how should he ( sir Francis ) feel alarmed , when he could derive no one hope for the public benefit from any such change ? Change of men would do nothing , could do nothing , while they would be necessarily obliged to act up to that fatal system in which all our real danger lies . Ministers were but the instruments in the hands of that pernicious system ; and while they were but its passive instruments , they must work its destructive will . To him , therefore , it was idle to talk of a change of tools ; it was to the design and nature of the work itself that he objected ; and while he thought that big with peril to the constitution , perhaps the less skilful and adroit the workmanship the better . Among the many acts of the present administration , since the commencement of the recess , which had been the subject of general complaint , there was one of