change of circumstances it were resolved to make an exertion , we must send our paper abroad for the purpose of raising the money , this must immediately produce a depreciation . A guinea , at this moment , brought 26s . or 27s . and a pound brought only 19 livres French , whereas it used formerly to be worth 24 livres . Much as he disliked the trade by licenses , he could not attach to them the whole cause of the depreciation on the Foreign exchange , because these licences were for imports as well as exports . We had , however , during the last year , immense imports of naval stores from the Baltic , the trade of the former year having been interrupted , and this year the imports were probably equal to the consumption of two or three years . All this must be paid for in specie . Formerly these imports were made in our own ships ; on the present occasion , foreign vessels had been employed . The expence of freightage consequently must also be paid in specie , and on a moderate computation could not be reckoned at less than 1½ million . What was formerly obtained for one million might now be fairly estimated at 200,000l . more ; and where a foreign merchant formerly drew for 100l . he now drew for 120l . We now received no bullion as we were formerly , accustomed to do from the Brazils , but rather sent bullion thither . 277 The present system of commerce tended to deteriorate our rate of exchange . Every encouragement was given to the importation of cotton wool from Brazil rather than from America , although the former must be paid for in specie , while the latter had been , and still might be obtained by giving our own manufactures in exchange . The same was also the case with respect to foreign shipping employed in this trade , the freight of which must likewise be paid in bullion . These , he was satisfied , were the causes of the rate of exchange being so immensely against this country , and there was not a merchant of any experience who might be called before the committee , who would not confirm what he had stated.—The Motions were then agreed to . , in rising to move the Thanks of the House to lord Wellington and the officers and soldiers under his command , for the skill and valour , so eminently displayed in the battle of Talavera , could not refrain from expressing painful regret at the symptoms of opposition which were incidentally manifested in that House , and which had previously been manifested elsewhere , He was the more grieved at this opposition , because he thought it could not he denied that the action for which he was about to move their thanks , was one of the most splendid that had ever graced or distinguished our military annals , that had ever shed lustre upon the British arms . Whether they considered the numbers , the bravery , or the discipline of the enemy , the more would they be inclined to think highly of that consummate skill and conduct , and that invincible intrepidity which obtained a victory over them . It was not a victory such as they saw gained by the French over the raw levies of unarmed Spanish peasants , but a victory over the veterans of France—men bred to war , inured to hardships—accustomed to conquer , and led by the most able generals of that country . At the present crisis , too , he hoped gentlemen would consider the necessity of establishing and maintaining the honour , encouraging the spirit and rewarding the services of our gallant army and its commander . When he reflected how desirable it was to cherish the military spirit , by bestowing on ability and valour the due meed and reward , he could not help again looking 278 for an unanimous vote on this occasion . Gentlemen , whoever they were , that might have intended