, but offered to make the only atonement in his power by giving up the author of this gross libel . Every gentleman must allow , that it was a breach of the privileges of that House . He thought that printers should be made to feel , that they could not print such libels with impunity . In this case , the individual could not but have known , that , in printing such a paper , he was doing wrong . In consideration , however , of his submission , he did not mean to press for any severity towards the printer . But , whatever it might be the pleasure of the House to do with the printer , he should feel it his duty to take measures to have John Gale Jones brought to the bar . After a suggestion from the Speaker , as to the usual mode of proceeding in such cases , it was moved by Mr. Yorke , and voted , nem . con . `` That the said J . Dean , in having printed the said paper , has been guilty of a high breach of the privilege of this House . '' expressed a wish to hear the opinions of other gentlemen as to the course that should be followed . He supposed the next step should be to move that he be ordered into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms . thought it his duty to state to the House what had been its practice on similar occasions . The last case of this description which occurred , was that of Wiikie , and in that instance the offender had been ordered into custody . The House having voted , that the person at the bar had been guilty of a high breach of its privileges , could not pass over the offence without some degree of imprisonment , in order to shew printers that they could not commit such offences with impuity . , after what had been stated from the chair , felt inclined to concur with his right hon . friend , that the person should be ordered into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms . As the person at the bar , however , had offered to give up the actual author of the libel , he wished the House to be as lenient to him as possible . thought that the printer deserved some consideration . It would be more dignified in the House to order 498 the man to attend at the bar to-morrow . He concluded by moving an amendment that he be ordered to attend to-morrow . felt that , after what the Speaker had stated , it would be necessary to take some further notice of the offence than was proposed in the amendment of the hon . gent . If that hon . member would withdraw his amendment , then he should propose an amendment , that the person at the bar be reprimanded by the Speaker , and discharged.—The other amendment having been withdrawn , the hon . gent . then proposed his amendment . observed , that the House had no security but his own assertion , that the statement of the person at the bar was correct . It might , therefore , be necessary to keep him in custody till the truth of his statement could be ascertained . was of opinion , that such offences as those of the person at the bar might be suffered to pass sub silentio . According to the statement of that person , the practice had gone on for three or four years , without any notice having been taken of it ; and it was not till the name of the right hon . gent . had appeared in large characters in these papers , that he felt it necessary for him to bring the subject now for the first time before the House . Gentlemen should bear in mind the time and circumstances in which this matter was brought under their consideration . The slightest punishment would be sufficient , and as this