parties were growing wearied of asperity—they were learning to bear with one another 's failings , to take the worse for the sake of the better , and would soon have a common sympathy in their sufferings and enjoyments . The right hon . gent . then concluded with moving , That the Petition do lie on the table . said , that though the right hon . gent . had deprecated any further discussion at present , he could not forbear making one or two observations upon what had fallen from him . However fortunate those humble efforts had proved , which he had made in resisting the claims of the Roman Catholics , it did not appear from what had fallen from the right hon . gent . that his motives in resisting those claims had , been at all connected with those principles of bigotted intolerance , which had been so liberally imputed to him ; for it was clear that had those claims been granted , they would have been granted upon principles utterly inconsistent with the safety of the constitution . It did appear , that whatever difference of opinion had prevailed between him and the right hon . gent . upon the abstract question , yet that right hon . gent . was of opinion , that certain great and important provisions were indispensible , in order to guard the constitution against the danger likely to result from that concession . The right I hon . gent . had at length admitted the danger of giving the Roman Catholics ; what they sought for ; or , if he did not , why did he speak of the necessity of a remedy ? It appeared then , that they both saw the danger , though they did not agree as to the best means of providing against that danger . He hoped , therefore , he should hear no further charges of intolerance , since the right hon . gent . himself , who had been so long the advocate of the Catholic claims , had acknowledged that there was something to he apprehended from the spiritual influence of the Pope in the nomination of the Roman Catholic bishops . This was the intolerance of which he ( Mr. Perceval ) had been guilty . He had all along thought it dangerous—so did now the right hon . gent . But there was one other point upon which he would beg leave to say one word . The right hon . gent . had said , that he would never discuss the question , whether he had misinformed the House , or the Catholics had retracted the cession of the Veto . This was all very well between the Catholics and the right hon . gent . but not so between that right hon . gent . and the House ; for if the House had been so influenced by that proposition as to have suddenly resolved upon some summary and immediate proceeding , that right hon . gent . would have obtained from the House a consent upon a condition , which 637 condition would never have been fulfilled . He concluded , with entering his protest against the principle of charging intolerance upon the exercise of one 's own judgment upon a great religious and political question . said in reply , that he had never changed his mind upon the great question of the Catholic Claims ; the course he had pursued had been pursued by others . When Mr. Fox presented the Petitions of the Catholics , he did not enter into the consideration of the small items of minor expediency , that was for the committee to do , and that great statesman moved for a committee ; so had he done . He supported the broad question , and reserved the minor questions of qualifications , limitations , security , for the committee . He first asked them to go into the committee , and in that committee to make provision for the details . It had been argued on the ground of provision of security in another