noble lord , not a single insinuation was to be found against the navy , nor any imputation cast upon the gallant officer who commanded that branch of the service . On the contrary , lord Chatham had in those dispatches expressed his most unqualified approbation of their conduct . In the Journal which had been presented to the House , adverse winds and unfavourable weather had been distinctly stated as the cause that parts of the naval service had not been performed with the celerity wished for by the noble lord . But in the noble lord 's Narrative , in contradiction to the terms of approbation in which , in his dispatches , he had characterised the efforts of the navy ; in contradiction to the causes distinctly stated in the Journal as having produced the delay , the noble lord had thought proper to throw imputations on the navy , such as were unfortunately calculated to put the two services at issue . In the short part which he ( Mr. W. ) had taken in the investigation pending before the House , he had asked no questions by which the two services could be committed . Up to the period of the delivery of lord Chatham 's Narrative , the possibility 561 of their being so committed was unknown , If they should now be committed , ( which he prayed God to forbid ) , to lord Chatham alone would that disagreement be attributable . As in private life , many inferior traits must necessarily be passed over , when the great and leading features of a character were estimable , so in an enter-prize , such as the Expedition to Walcheren , minor circumstances in the proceedings of the officers , resulting sometimes from inevitable causes , and sometimes even from the clashing of contending zeal for the service , if the general conduct were exemplary , ought to be buried in oblivion , and never be suffered to interfere with or prevent the expression of decided approbation and unqualified praise . But when a commander in chief of an Expedition bestowed unqualified approbation on the officers connected with him in that Expedition , he betrayed the trust reposed in him by doing so with the consciousness , that that approbation would be succeeded by imputations , which it was impossible that any officer could bear unmoved . What then , had happened after the return of lord Chatham to England ? Did the House recollect , that in the Answer which his Majesty had been advised to make to the Address of the city of London on the failure of the Expedition to the Scheldt , the noble lord being present in London , and doubtless in habits of daily intercourse with the other members of his Majesty 's government , his Majesty was advised to declare that he did not think fit to institute any inquiry into the conduct of the officers commanding the naval or military service in that Expedition ? If lord Chatham 's Narrative had been presented before this period or if his Majesty 's ministers had been acquainted with its contents , he defied any man to say that his Majesty ought not to have been advised to institute an inquiry into the naval service of that Expedition . Now , as the noble lord had not denied that the Narrative , which had been produced in the House , was not the only paper of a similar description which he had presented to his Majesty , he ( Mr. W. ) had a right to assume that before the construction of that Narrative , some other report had been made by lord Chatham to the King , on the subject . He did not mean to say , that his Majesty 's ministers could give a satisfactory answer to these observations . They might be as ignorant as he was on the subject . Aware as he was 562 of the state of the relations which subsisted between the various member of his Majesty 's government , it appeared to him very probable that lord Chatham might