times to be extended to the power of the throne , and it was the duty of that House to guard with as much solicitude the prerogative of their sovereign , as they were anxious to maintain their own dignity and privileges . The noble earl had generally recommended the measure , as both wise and expedient ; and yet could not inform the House of any good which was likely to result from its adoption . How should any peer of that House feel , and what would be their lordship 's determination , if a bill was brought in to deprive any one of the peers of a particular privilege ? From the knowledge and experience of many years observation of the constitution of the country , he was ready to declare himself the avowed enemy of all innovation . He questioned the truth of that assertion which had been made , that the power of the crown had been increasing for several years . He believed the reverse was the fact ; that the power was not so great now as at the commencement of this reign ; and it would be found considerably less , when compared with any antecedent period . If the influence of the throne was great in the present day , 594 it was to be attributed to the steady conduct , the wisdom , and virtues of the present monarch . The public mind , on this subject ought not to intimidate their lordships ' deliberation ; and , instead of being an argument favourable to their adoption of this measure , it ought rather to be considered as an argument for their rejecting it . Man is a short-sighted creature , more particularly when he acted upon his own presumption ; for even the wisest of men could not foresee the consequences arising from a great legislative proceeding . If this were granted to the clamour out of doors , what would be their next demand ? they would proceed step by step ; they would assail the out-works , one by one ; and , at last , they would attack the citadel . could not subscribe to the sentiments of his noble friend , much as he valued , and he could not value too highly , his great knowledge and experience . He could not agree that there was any clamour in the country , or that the present measure was any attempt under the influence of clamour to produce a dangerous innovation . Under the pressure of its burthens , the country very naturally looked for every alleviation which it was in the power of the parliament or the crown to give them . Parliament was pledged in the most solemn manner to bring about this very measure , and if ever there was a time when parliament should be studious to maintain its character in the eye of the country , the present was particularly that moment . He denied that the present measure would have the smallest tendency to lessen the influence , or encroach on the prerogative of the crown . It would have the very opposite effect , while it would so far secure the advantage of the country , by securing proper persons to fill those places which would be still at the disposal of the crown . was one of those who supported a bill of this nature when it was first brought forward , and was so impressed with the necessity of it , that he differed on that occasion in opinion from those with whom he was then in the habit of acting . With the propriety and necessity of a measure of that sort , he was every day more and more impressed ; and a similar impression must be felt by their lordships , if they but looked to the History and origin of the measure , and to the pledge which parliament had so solemnly 595 given to carry it into execution . His lordship then briefly adverted to the origin of the measure in the recommendation of the Finance Committee , from which ,