years , it not only was not practised as now , but it was not even permitted to publish the debates of that House . So lately as the time of Dr. Johnson , the debates were never published but under fictitious names . He was one of those who liked the constitution as it was , he did not like it as it is . If this practice had been tolerated , winked at , and suffered , it was no reason that it . should on all occasions be continued , and that persons should make a trade of what they obtained from the galleries , amongst which persons were to be found men of all descriptions ; bankrupts , lottery-office keepers , footmen and decayed tradesmen . He had heard that the proprietors of papers had talked of the injustice of closed doors . This was taking up the subject as if the admission of strangers into the gallery was a privilege , but it was no such thing , and though he might perhaps think it useful to let it continue after having so long prevailed , he did not allow it to be a privilege . Were that the case , we should come into a state of democracy—a state like that of Athens . He did not think accounts in the daily papers were so desirable as many others did . They had lately exposed themselves and reviled government so far as to assert , that some of their cotemporaries were in the pay of government . What did this prove—not the value or actual importance of papers—but it clearly shewed that if government could have them in their pay , then papers were liable to be let for hire—to be bought and sold—and that the press , which had been thought in this country the palladium of its liberty , was always to be purchased by the highest bidder . He did not wish to establish such a power in the press as to enable it to controul parliament . He did not know any of the conductors of the press ; but he understood them to be a set of men who would give into the corrupt misrepresentation of opposite sides ; and he was therefore determined not to lend his hand to abrogate an order which , was made to correct an abuse . He now saw that it led to consequences of a most mischievous tendency—no less than change 331 the character of a representative government which presumed confidence in the representative body , into that of a democracy in which every thing was done by the people : and led directly to that despotism which had so lately desolated other countries . He did not like to part with a Standing Order , which , though it might have run to rust , would not in former times have led to any mischief , and he could see no reason why it should now be laid prostrate at the feet of the very worshipful , but he would say not very ancient , corporation of London printers . Those gentry had their favourites . His right hon . friend was esteemed and hailed by them as a general patron of the London press . For his part he could not tell whether his right hon . friend was their patron or their client on this occasion . He thought the House ought to maintain those rules and orders which had so long prevailed . He would assert , that the rights of the House were now in danger of being lost from misuse . It was like shutting up the gates of a park , in order to prevent a custom from growing into a right to a path-way . It was like the O. P. 's , who had set themselves up as the people of the country , and by a system of opposition and violence had compelled the proprietors of the theatre to give them plays at their own price . In this way the proprietors of newspapers told them that the people must have a