the face of the estimates for the first time , it was not a new one , but had been originally defrayed by Parliament , and included in the aggregate vote . In the 610 miscellaneous services of the army , which would next come under attention , a large increase of expence ( 113,921l . ) would be apparent ; this arose principally from a very large sum being required to make up the losses of officers incurred in Spain on service , and in other quarters , particularly in South America . It was proposed also , for the comfort of officers , to introduce for the first time into the estimates , an allowance to the regiments at home , similar to the advantage enjoyed in the navy , in having their wine duty free . This was proposed in consideration of the high duties which attach , and it was deemed but fair to extend the benefit to military officers as well as naval . The sum required he supposed might be about 10 or 12,000l . but that would be the subject of future consideration . The noble lord stated , that though the increase under this head of land forces was 127 men , there would be a decrease of 99,477l . in the charge . The next head to which it was necessary to call the attention of the Committee , was the establishments of the regiments in the East Indies , which , for the first time , would be taken under the cognizance of parliament . Although the expenses of that establishment were defrayed by the East India company , the expenses of the recruiting were charged to the country , and under this head there was an increase of 349 for a recruiting company for two additional battalions sent to India . The next head was the embodied militia , in which there had been an increase of 201 men , and a diminution of expense of 150,786l . This large decrease in the charge arose from making a larger reduction of the non-effective men , and from transferring the forage and bread allowances , as he had already stated , to the commissariat , department . In the staff and garrison establishments , an increase of expense would arise of 21,247l . on account of the medical staff principally , and from the scale of allowances proposed to be made in future for the chaplains of the army . The outline of the arrangements , with respect to the chaplains , he trusted would be approved . It had been judged proper to make these reverend gentlemen a floating and disposable body , and to provide , that for the future any person to be appointed chaplain in the army , should bring proper testimonials of his character and abilities , and be approved of by the archbishops of Canterbury and York , and the bishop of London ; that when 611 they had been eight years in the service , they should he entitled to half pay , at the vale of 5s . per diem ; that an addition of 6d . per diem should be made for each year of service above eight years , until they had arrived at 10s . there to stop . This , he trusted , would make these respectable persons more comfortable . The next head of material alteration was the public departments , in which an increase of 21,837l . had taken place in the charges , on account of the vast increase of business in the war office , and the other offices connected with or dependent on it . There had been , however , a slight decrease in the office of the commander in chief , in consequence of the military secretary , col. Torrens , not holding the same appointments and situation which his predecessor , colonel Gordon , did . In the pay office , an increase of 11,269l . had arisen on account of the payment of exchequer fees . In the war office the increase was 8,865l . Gentlemen would bear it