officer , but merely on his declaration , that , as a member of another House , he should feel himself obliged to oppose the thanks . regretted much that government had departed from the usual course upon such occasions ; it was always customary , on hearing of any great victory , to vote the thanks , upon which principle lord Gambier should have been thanked in the first instance . He admitted that the service was important , and was persuaded that the public thought more highly of lord Gambier , since the court-martial , than before it ; he , for his part , would give the thanks to the noble 353 lord for having destroyed the enemy 's ships ; and also for having withstood that advice , which was calculated to hurry him into a course of conduct , the consequence of which must have been greater loss to the fleet which he commanded . thought that party should not interfere in questions of this nature . If the thanks of parliament were merited , they ought not be given under circumstances which went to lessen their value , nor should any other question be agitated upon such occasions , not connected with the point at issue . A noble viscount had censured the appointment of lord Cochrane , though he had often said before , that that was not the place to discuss the propriety of such appointments . He entered into a justification of the government in granting the court-martial , which , especially as lord Gambier himself had applied for it , he considered it was right to appoint ; nor could he see , if it was right to vote for the thanks before the court-martial , that it could be wrong to vote for them after . The question of the court-martial affected the government alone , and was in no way connected with the merits or demerits of his lordship . conceived that there were two questions for the consideration of the House . First , If there was sufficient evidence to have induced them to grant the thanks of the House to lord Gambier before the court martial took place . And , secondly , If any thing had there occurred to render questionable a circumstance of which , previous to that time , there could have been no doubt ? His lordship was of opinion , that , in both these respects , an answer in favour of the noble gallant admiral must be given . It was impossible not to say , that previous to the question in consequence of which the court martial was granted , every thing seemed highly honourable to the gallant and noble lord ; and it was equally indisputable , that , the event of the court martial had added to , rather than detracted from the merits of the noble and gallant admiral . had no objection to the vote of thanks ; but at the same time , he thought this one of the efforts now too often resorted to , by voting thanks to the officers employed , to throw a false lustre on the government . To attempt to compare the service rendered to the country by the achievement in question , with the battles of the Nile or of Trafalgar , would be the height of presumption . presented a Petition of the freeholders of the county of Middlesex , in full county assembled , setting forth `` That , on the 6th of May 1793 , a Petition was presented to the House , in which it is averred , that 307 of the honourable members for England and Wales only are not returned to parliament by the suffrages of the people , but are , though numerous breaches and evasions of the freedom of election , therein fully set forth , appointed by 154 Peers and Commoners , and that evidence in proof of the facts contained in such Petition was tendered in support thereof ; and the allegations , so stated in the said Petition , still stand on the Jonrnals of the