sinecures be applied to that purpose . It was the violation of this principle the Report complained of , and with that Report before the House , of which the right hon . gent . pretended to approve , he had thus openly acted in hostility to it . He was afraid those sinecures were always given for political services , and not reserved for those fair honest and open services which the country could approve , He should do every thing in his power to have them abolished , and would therefore vote for the motion . was proceeding to state that if the hon . gent . was really sincere in his desire to promote the object of his motion , 387 he would press upon him the necessity of not bringing the measure forward now , when he was interrupted by who spoke to order.—He appealed to the chair , if any hon . member had a right to suppose from any thing he had said that he was not sincere . interfered , and assured the hon . gent . he was mistaken . said , he had never entertained the smallest idea that the hon . gent . was not sincere in his object ; but the more sincere he was the more he would wish him at that moment not to press his motion . If he did , it would certainly do more harm than good . In times like the present , it was necessary to make retrenchments , and particularly in sinecure offices but it would be impossible to do it in the way proposed by the motion of the hon . gent . If the bill should be brought in ; the House must , in the Committee go into the nature and detail of all sinecure offices , which would render it impossible to get through it in the present session . If the House determined to take up the measure , as he hoped it would , it should be by resolutions , laying down the principles , on which it was deemed necessary , in a Committee . Some matters of a similar nature were to be brought forward very soon in consequence of the third Report on the Public Expenditure ; and he thought this subject of sinecure offices would come very properly within the meaning and intention of what was in the contemplation of the Committee . He was sensible that no object could be more important than for the House to do something effectual towards abolishing sinecures , which were generally given for ministerial support , and not for reward of laborious or meritorious services . The mode of rewarding by pensions was on every account much better , because they could be given at the moment services were performed ; but offices might not be vacant at the time , so that merit must , in many cases , go a long time unrewarded ; and perhaps when the office did become vacant , it was given to some one who had never done any service to the country . In adverting to the influence of the crown , he allowed that rewards for public services could lay so properly nowhere else —the crown must be the fountain of honour ; the constitution would be vicious , if it dissented from it ; but then offices should not be given merely to increase the influence of the crown , which he feared they 388 very often were . If from the particular circumstances of the times , that influence had considerably increased , it ought to be reduced ; and to say that the influence of the crown had not , of late years , been greatly extended , was most absurd and futile . With such an immense increase of revenue , it must be the case ; and if it had so increased , the House must endeavour to counteract its effects ; and he hoped the House would use those endeavours in the present session . If it should be found that any of those sinecures must remain , they