. We had , however , no right , to stimulate other people to struggle , unless we were previously determined to support them with our utmost means , whether it might suit our convenience or not . Considering how very partial the insurrection in the north of Germany , was , it would have been most unjust to the people of that country to stimulate them to insurrection , without a determination to support them to the utmost ; and it would have been most impolitic to have come to such a determination , in the present state of Europe . If we could send one of those great substantive armies , such as traversed Germany in the thirty years war , like a nation among nations , carrying its own magazines with it , then perhaps the North of Germany might have been the proper destination . The case was , however , now widely different . But if there was a country in which it would be perfectly just to interfere , Spain was that country . There the torch of insurrection was every where lighted and every where burning , and therefore we exposed the people of that country to no , additional danger by giving them our assistance . We did not however pretend 83 to commit ourselves to the same extent that the Spanish nation was committed . It was always understood that the British army was lent to them as a trust to be restored , not given as a loan to be expended . At present there was no question about this country raising any general confederacy against France . That , in the present situation of things , would be an idle speculation . But it any country was resolved to make an effort to break its chains , that country became our ally . We must not either attempt to raise a spirit when it was not previously to be found , nor to keep it alive longer than its natural term . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Ward ) who had seconded the Amendment with so much ability , had expressed most desponding feelings with respect to Spain . He had drawn partly from local knowledge , a sort of picture of Spain , from which it appeared that an indisposition existed on the part of the constituted authorities in Spain , to give the people an interest in the struggle . It had been said , why not endeavour to effect a change internally ? Any condition almost might be coupled with assistance , with less danger than an attempt at internal amelioration . Before you confer a benefit , you can not go with the Koran in one hand and a sword in the other , to change the habits and religion of those you would aid . Such attempt never failed to excite a jealousy-riot easily allayed . He was not nice in the means he made use of to thwart the views of Buonaparté . He would gladly press a combination of all nations , and of all religions , into a phalanx to oppose him . He would unite with the Turk without requiring him to lay aside the turban , and he would march to the field with the poor bigotted Spaniard , without first insisting on his divesting himself of superstition . He would let every man fight in his own way . Some were of opinion , that no aid should have been granted till the Cortes were convoked . But he should be very sorry to have to answer for such conduct , as it would have been a sure way of creating intestine divisions , as the clashing interests of the several provinces might have produced the most fatal consequences . Thus , had the Castilian Cortes been assembled , Buonaparté , by calling the Arragonese against them , might have divided Spain within herself more completely than she was divided by the Ebro . Spain , with all her faults , deserved assistance of England , and it was not for us to be particular 84