success of a measure which it would be impossible for such a man to comprehend or execute . No , lord Chatham was the fittest man for the station . This ill-fated Expedition was the favorite bantling of ministers . It required to be fostered by parental partiality , for it could have no claim to rational attachment . Such an Expedition could , in fact , be understood by themselves alone , and one of themselves alone was fit to command it.—Many other proofs of neglect and inattention have been mentioned to me with regard to the conduct of this Expedition , upon which I do not think it necessary to dwell at present . Among others , I have to state , that transports were sent out to Walcheren even after the order for its evacuation had actually reached the island . I have also heard of the sick and dying soldiers being most severely distressed for bedding , for clothing ; and even necessary provisions and medicines . These things , I hope and trust , are not true . But yet they rest upon the statement of such au- 172 thorities , as to furnish an additional argument for inquiry . Indeed , the arguments for inquiry are numerous and irresistible ; and unless you accede to these arguments , you can not hope to have credit with the country for acting under the influence of reason or argument . In fact , it is necessary to your own character , and to establish some security against the repetition of similar blunders and the uncontrouled sway of incapacity , to vote an inquiry upon this occasion . Unless you do , imbecility may rule on—all military principles may be disregarded—and all the precepts of statesman-like judgment may be set at nought with impunity . Ministers may fancy themselves able , if they can only contrive to be active—Expeditions may be multiplied , only to multiply disgrace—our armies may continue to be exposed to danger , without any just necessity , or rational object , to squander their blood for mere fame , for barren laurels which blossom on the brow , but never fructify . But what a series of folly and presumption have we witnessed under the direction of a minister , who tells the world that our sovereign can be safe only with his aid and guidance ; under him who has degraded the reputation of our sovereign 's army , who has scattered dismay through every part of his country , and destroyed the last hope of his allies . Do not such results furnish good grounds for inquiry ? Is it possible I that you ought to go on confiding in such a minister ? What , let me ask you , has he done to deserve confidence , or rather , what has he not done to provoke distrust ? If ever there was a time when inquiry was necessary to satisfy the wishes of the public , to consult the safety of the country , surely it is at present ; at this moment , which may be well considered the most awful crisis that ever suspended the destinies of a mighty empire—a crisis rendered more alarming by the sentiment that universally and justly prevails , with regard to those to whom the administration of our government is committed . In these men , I have no hesitation in stating , that which must be admitted by every candid man , that the country has no confidence whatever : that the country can have no confidence whatever . They are , in fact , fallen to the lowest ebb in public estimation . The eyes and expectations of the country are fixed upon us [ cries of hear ! hear ! upon the ministerial benches . ] If gentlemen on the other 173 side think that I allude to a body of which I never was a member , they are extremely mistaken . I speak of this House , to which I am addressing myself , and while I have the honour to be a member of it ,