, at 2s . 6d . per cent . will cover property to amount of 64,965,600 0 0 Total amount of property insured in Great Britain in 1809 £.194,896,800 0 0 407 and , since that period , the number of underwriters has increased in a far greater proportion than the extent of business . Indeed , it will at once appear evident , that no such facility is wanting , and that our present means of effecting marine insurances are equal to every possible occasion , from the following statement . The number of subscribers to Lloyd 's is about 1500 ; supposing them to write only 300l . each on a policy , the amount would be 450,000l . ; but many of them are in the habit of writing 1,000l . 2,000l . and even 5,000l . on a single risk . There can , therefore , be no difficulty in insuring with individual underwriters , a much larger sum than ever was embarked in any one bottom , even without the present public offices , much more without the establishment of any new public offices.—It has also been contended , that greater competition would be excited by the establishment of this new company , and thus the general interests of commerce be benefited . This I deny , on irrefragable , evidence—the experience of the past , by which we are best enabled to form a sound judgment of the future . The two public offices already in existence , so far from coming into competition with Lloyd 's , in any beneficial way to the general interests of the public , confine themselves to what are called regular risks , in effecting which to any possible extent there is no difficulty whatever ; but in what are called cross risks , in those new and perilous modes of carrying on commerce , to which the state of Europe has lately obliged us to resort , the public offices come into no competition with Lloyd 's ; for they refuse to write them at any premium . During the whole of the last year , they refused to insure vessels trading to or from the Baltic , unless warranted free from capture and seizure in the ports of the enemy , the great risk against which the parties interested wished to be covered : and this branch of commerce , which extended the export of our manufactures and produce to an unprecedented amount , and secured us an abundant supply of naval stores , so indispensably necessary to the support of our maritime greatness , would never have been carried on , ( for unless it could have been insured it could not have been carried on , ) but for the spirit and enterprise of the underwriters at Lloyd 's . Every man there ventured a certain sum upon these risks , such as he could afford to pay in case of loss ; and 408 thus the whole property was covered , and these invaluable national benefits were obtained . The public companies depend upon their regular business , which enables them to pay a very handsome dividend to their proprietors ; and if more of these companies were to be established , and more of the regular business were monopolized , individual underwriters would be discouraged from pursuing their avocations , and competition be lessened instead of being increased . It would be absurd to expect any public office to act on any other system ; for it is impossible that the acting director or secretary of a public office , should possess the same knowledge , as to the nature and extent of every new description of risk , the same information as to the means by which the decrees of the enemy may be eluded , as 1,500 underwriters , mostly men of commercial habits , and consequently commercial knowledge , daily collected together for the purpose of communicating and receiving intelligence ; whose judgments on these subjects are formed and confirmed by constant habits of individual application and mutual discussion , and who concentrate the scattered rays of information ,