country ; but he thought nothing could , in the end , prove more injurious to those interests , than an unjust or merited distribution of national honours . He , for his own part , expected nothing from ministers ; would receive nothing from them ; and his earliest hope and wish were , that the House would compel them to do their duty to their country . Highly , however , as he admired and respected the military talents and character of lord Wellington , he could not give his assent to the present motion . thought himself called upon to make a few observations . With respect to the operation on the Douro , lord Wellington had most judiciously pressed upon Soult , for the purpose of forcing him to fight on very disadvantageous terms , or to retreat with great loss , and his retreat was actually attended with the loss of his baggage , cannon , & c. and 5 or 6,000 men . His hon . friend ( Mr. Calcraft ) was under a complete mistake as to the real object of the operation . If lord Wellington had not pressed so hard upon Soult , the consequence would have been , not as his hon . friend imagined , the intercepting of Soult by general Beresford , but the allowing him to escape without any loss at all ; for Soult was not so blind as to have remained in his position till general Beresford could have been prepared to intercept him . The consequences that followed lord Wellington 's operation there , were equal to those that would have followed from a very considerable defeat of the enemy 's army . As to the retreat from Talavera , he observed , that lord Wellington never intended to have advanced beyond Talavera till circumstances were changed or a decisive oppor- 452 tunity presented itself . He had taken up the position at Talavera , and had de-defended it successfully . Under no circumstances however , he must repeat , with Soult coming down as he did , could he have gone further ; the Spanish army did not at that time advance to take a share in the action against Soult ; but if Cuesta had kept his position , Soult must have been defeated . Cuesta had 14,000 men , and lord Wellington 18,000 ; then would have been not only the victory of Talavera , but the defeat of Soult . Lord Wellington had foreseen and provided for every thing that had happened during this arduous campaign . Lord Wellington had been adored in every country which had been the seat of war , and was it only in his own country he should be refused a reward ? If the question of his great merits was put to the army , they would , in support of them , almost fall down and enthusiastically worship him . He deprecated the practice of undervaluing the campaign of lord Wellington by insiduous comparisons with those of other great heroes , who stood in the list of British fame . He thought it was highly invidious . He was convinced , no action redounded more to the honour of the country than that of Talavera . Why , then , should not lord Wellington have this pension ? It had been said , that he had served in India , and that was a profitable service . He did not , however , believe him to be a rich man . He believed that , as the hon . gent . ( Mr. Calcraft ) had said of lord Lake , he had many debts previous to his going to India , and what money he got there might have gone to pay these ; so that he thought a peerage might be an incumbrance without a pension . Never did he more heartily concur in any vote than in this for 2,000l . a-year . considered the conduct of lord Wellington , in dashing precipitately forward into Spain , and being thence obliged to fight the battle of Talavera , as a