the most cogent arguments that he had heard in favour of an investigation , had fallen from two members , whom he might call the representatives of the army and navy , employed in the Expedition ; and who , he presumed , spoke from authority , or at least from an authority higher than their own.—He agreed fully with both these gentlemen . But , if it should appear from the papers to be laid on the table , that blame was imputable to the commanders of the Expedition , an investigation at the bar of the House would certainly not be the most advisable or constitutional way to ascertain what portion of misconduct fell to each . The same objections would be to an examination before a committee of that House . The most constitutional mode of proceeding in that case would be for the House to address his Majesty to cause the facts to be submitted to the regular and ordinary tribunal for deciding on military inculpation . It was to him a , subject of considerable regret , that , when his Majesty was addressed , to cause an inquiry to be instituted into the failure of the Expedition to Walcheren , government did not deem it expedient to yield to the application , and come prepared to lay before parliament the result of that inquiry . He regretted that the precedent established on the occasion of the Convention of Cintra was not followed , and that the conduct of the officers inculpated was not submitted for investigation to the proper military tribunal . And here he would take the opportunity of repelling an accusation made against him , that he had ever entertained any wish or desire that all the facts connected with that most disgraceful and inglorious business should not undergo the fullest investigation . No inquiry before that House , or any selection from it , he feared , would be competent to embrace the misconduct , supposing any imputable to them , of the commanders of the Expedition . The case was different , however , with regard to the share that ministers had in the transaction . If blame was imputable to the plan or policy of the Expedition to Walcheren , he had nothing to say against the proposition of the noble lord , putting in , at the same time , his claim to a full share of the responsibility which the government that set forward might have incurred . He 207 foresaw one inconvenience from the adoption of the motion , namely , that it would pledge parliament to a particular mode of inquiry ; a mode not the best calculated , in his opinion , to attain the ends which it proposed . Upon these grounds he thought it would be best to wait for the information that was promised . The practical delay would be but small . At the same time he thought that papers which were mentioned in the Speech from the throne , should have been sooner ready , and that not a moment should be lost in preparing the way for that public and impartial investigation , which no man in the House was more desirous than himself to see instituted . He would give his vote against the motion of the noble lord , but not in the hope of defeating inquiry , which could not , and must not be avoided . The country called for it ; the country was entitled to it . declared , that in what he said , he spoke under the influence of no authority , as the right hon . gent . insinuated , but from his own feeling ? said he used the word authority not in an invidious , but in an ordinary sense ; or , in other words , that his hon . friend , if he would allow him to call him so , spoke on the behalf of that part of the service to which he was engaged . wished that the debate on the previous question should be adjourned to Monday se'nnight , and moved to