true , that the battle of Aspern by which the victorious career of the enemy was suspended , was fought on the 21st and 22d of May ; but it was also true that the news of that victory did not reach this country before the 8th of June , and on the very next day , en the 9th of June , the Expedition was undertaken . He supposed the noble lord would have had him , from his national propensity to blundering , have advised the Expedition to the Scheldt on the ground of the battle of Aspern , before the result of that battle had been heard of in this country . It might be asked , why was not the Expedition sent before the battle of Aspern ? To this he would reply , that as his Majesty had not incited Austria to hostilities , as he ever was unwilling Austria should precipitate her- 178 self into a war with France , and had cautioned Austria against taking such a step , unless grounds existed for entertaining rational hopes of a successful issue : it would not have been prudent or politic to have lavished our means and wasted our resources , to prepare to aid Austria in case of an event which it was hoped would not take place . He assented , that nothing had been done by this country to encourage such a struggle , till Austria had declared war against France , and committed herself ; till the war had actually begun ; till the die was cast and the fate of Austria was in her own hands . That done , then , and not till then , England made common cause with her , and gave her all the aid she could afford . Had ministers encouraged Austria previously , and been the cause of her entering into that disastrous war , they would have had a much heavier responsibility to bear than for all the failures that had taken place , even could those failures be proved to have originated with government . The noble lord had said he would confine himself to Walcheren ; but far from doing this he had travelled into Spain whenever it suited his purpose or his argument to do so . They would hear as much said against rashness as they had heard against caution . The present was an age in which no military officer could hope to escape censure . He looked upon it as being one of the strongest symptoms of the decline ; of military feelings and spirit in the nation , and it was much to be lamented that no virtues , no talents , could expatiate that original sin of receiving an office or a command from an hostile administration . Whether they managed so as to preserve their armies , or nobly advanced without regarding minor considerations , to risk every thing where the stake was worth risking , such officers were alike subjects of calumny and detraction . In the good old times when an officer went abroad on a dangerous service , he was generously upheld by the country ; and even his errors were overlooked instead of being vindictively exposed to universal reprobation . The public wished to keep up the spirit of their armies— '' Go , '' they cried , `` go fight our battles , use your own discretion , but be brave ! '' Valour was then thought sufficient to atone even for misconduct . What general had ever lived who had not made some mistakes ? Had any of the gallant officers who heard him been uniformly free from 179 the commission of errors ? In the days of the great Marlborough a spirit existed in the country which put down such calumnious and illiberal attacks . With a view of contrasting the conduct of our generals with the good fortune of Buonaparté , the noble lord had asserted that the army beaten by us one day , and according to our accounts totally routed , appeared the next in greater number than before . Thus the force