of lord Chatham should have gone through the secretary of state , or the commander in chief of the army . It was not right that the defence of one officer should go to the office , while that of the other went to the King . If the principles which he maintained were true , the Narrative of lord Chatham ought to have been presented , either through the secretary of state , or through the commander in chief of the army . He had heard that some doubt had arisen on this subject , in consequence of lord Chatham 's appointment having taken place under the sign manual of the King . It was supposed that some new and extraordinary right must have resulted from such an appointment , and that that of presenting a narrative to the King , in person , was among the number . In this doctrine he could not acquiesce . The instructions of all foreign ministers received the same sanction ; but there was a clause in the instructions , that they should conform to the orders and correspond with the secretary of state who appointed them . Lord Chatham 's instructions under the sign manual was precisely the same ; and it could never be supposed that lord Chatham was to pass by the secretary of state , and communicate only with his Majesty , because he was a privy-counsellor or a cabinet minister . Every minister , on his return from a foreign court , was entiled to an audience of his Majesty ; and the reason for this privilege might originally have been , that in case a secretary of state should have neglected or misrepresented any part of his conduct , he might , in that audience , have an opportunity of repelling any ill founded charges , and of justifying him- 582 self to his sovereign . Lord Chatham had aright to the same audience on his return home ; and if it could be said that this Narrative had been given in at that audience , it would be entitled to a very different view in regard to its motives . The House would now see what happened—No narrative was called for on the termination of the Expedition—no narrative was called for in that more important period , when his Majesty 's ministers were framing the speech which was to be delivered to both houses of parliament ; and which promised the production of all papers relative to the conduct , execution , and termination of the Expedition to Walcheren . When those papers were laid before the House , there was no narrative from lord Chatham , nor till the 14th of February , when , instead of being delivered to the secretary of state , it was placed directly in the hands of the Sovereign , and by his Majesty directed to be placed in the hands of the secretary of state , for the purpose of making it an official paper.—He could not conceive on what ground this motion , consistently with the state in which the House found themselves , should be resisted . He believed , in his conscience , that if the papers did exist , they were in idea greatly exaggerated ; but he would fain believe they did not exist at all . If the other paper which had been read , had taken the course of going , through the medium of the secretary of state , into the King 's hand , he should most certainly have thought the papers now moved for did not exist . But the Narrative having first got into the King 's hand , and then being made official ; and the same adviser having perhaps , thought proper not to make these if they did exist , official , shewed to his mind pretty strongly that they were not such as ought to be made official . He did not , however , think that those papers could properly be withheld , on the ground of their not being official . was satisfied of the propriety of opposing the motion