emolument to the agent still adequate to his trouble , and nearer that received by agents for infantry.—The last alteration he had to notice , under this head of saving , was one of considerable magnitude ; it was , the dismounting of 20 men in every troop of horse . Of these , 10 had been dismounted last year , after the estimates had passed , and 10 more were now added to that number to be dismounted . Every regiment of cavalry consisted of 10 troops of 80 men , making 800 men . When ordered on foreign service , six troops were generally sent , leaving two at home for the purpose of recruiting . But it was not necessary for these to have horses , and , therefore , by the present arrangement , the regiments would be fully as efficient for foreign service , while 100,000l . per ann . would be saved of the public money . Having stated the principal arrangements in point of positive saving , he would now proceed to state to the Committee the increase and decrease in the land forces , and the consequent increase or diminution of expence . Under the head of household troops there would be found a decrease in the number of men of 700 , and consequently a decrease in the charge of maintenance of 41,249l . In the dragoon guards a decrease of 486 men had taken place , and of 26,230l . in the charge . Another point of saving in the expenditure , was the discontinuance of quarter 609 masters in the several troops , and the appointment of troop serjeants to fill their stations , by which a saving of between 7 and 8,000l . would accrue , and the troops in consequence be better disciplined . With respect to the introduction of second battalions in regiments of the line , the increase of expence would be about 70,000l . The next head would relate to the unnumbered corps , in which a reduction had taken place of 1,237 men , thereby decreasing the charge 49,721l . There had also been a reduction in the garrison battalions of two battalions , at a saving of 39,817l . The next head in the estimates was the royal waggon train . In this , too , a very considerable reduction had taken place : as out of the 12 troops , of which it was originally formed , five had been discontinued , leaving only the five troops serving with the army of lord Wellington , and two at home to recruit . This was done , because it was found that this species of force , though very useful on foreign service , if kept up to so great an extent would cost more than , upon a general view of their value , and consistent with principles of economy , could be thought a fair price for their services— ( Hear ! ) —By this reduction a saving was effected of 23,433l . The next head was that of barrack artificers , which had been embodied to complete the works and fortifications about Gibraltar . Originally it had been thought proper to employ certain corps of this description there , to do the necessary repairs , and to allow these men to receive pay , and of course be subject to military discipline . That purpose being effected , they would be found no longer in the estimates , or a provision for them making a part of the annual expenditure . The following head was that of the Manx fencibles , in which there was a reduction of 347 men . In these two items the decrease of expence was 18,337l . namely , 13,364l . for the one , and 4,473l . for the other . The noble lord then proceeded to state the increase in the charge of the establishment which under the next three heads would , in point of charge , be 27,757l . in which would be included a sum of about 20,000l . for additional field officers . Although this charge appeared on