right hon . gent . that members should be anxious about 217 the opinions of their constituents ; nor did he know why they should be more anxious on that subject at present than at other times . He maintained that nothing had recently passed which shewed any improper disregard of the opinions of their constituents . He then remarked , that the noticing of misrepresentations , of motives , or speeches in this way , placed the House in rather an awkward predicament . If these things were noticed at all , it ought to be as the foundation of a specific motion of complaint to the House . But , however , as one was always disposed to be as lenient as possible on these occasion , and as the hon . gent . who brought forward the subject did not press any specific proceeding , it was not incumbent on him to urge the matter farther . But he could by no means agree with the right hon . gent . who spoke last that no inconvenience would arise from the misrepresentations in newspapers of the speeches or the votes given in that House : nor could he ever assent to such a proposition as that the House was to compromise with newspaper editors or printers , and think there was no inconvenience in misrepresentation , because gentlemen might correct the mistake next day in that House . Was this the mode in which the privileges of that House were to be treated ? or was a member , whose speech was misrepresented to the public and to his constituents , to be placed under the necessity of watching the newspapers , for the purpose of correcting such misstatements , and to be at the mercy of a newspaper editor , who might not think fit to notice the correction ? Another hon . gent . had said , that in the time of king William , lists of the voters on great questions were published by order of the House . But would the hon . gent . feel there was any analogy between lists published under the authority of the House , and with the accuracy it had the opportunity of giving , to lists published without that authority , and fraught with error and misrepresentation ? As the hon . gent . however , had made no motion on the subject , he thought it would have been more consistent with the dignity of the House not to have noticed the circumstance at all . observed , that he had never said , that there was no inconvenience in misrepresentations . On the contrary , he said , that if wilful , they deserved punishment ; but that the difficulty of correcting them was not so great as 218 might at first be imagined . He concluded by remarking , that nothing could be a grosser misrepresentation , than that which the right hon . gent . had made of what he had said . was sorry that he had stated what fell from the right hon . gent. , in a sense not intended , but still maintained , that the mode which he pointed out for correcting misrepresentation , was not that which best became the dignity of the House . expressed his surprise at the offence taken at the remark that members were particularly anxious at this moment about the opinions of their constituents . It had always been imputed to them , that , towards the end of the six years they were more anxious than at any previous period of their existence on that point . As to the particular subject in question , he himself might complain , when he found an editor leaving out his speech altogether , and inserting that of the right hon . gent. , which was an answer to it , giving his , however , the next day . There were , unquestionably , misrepresentations ; but he maintained , that , from all the papers , an accurate estimate might perfectly well be formed of the speeches and conduct of members