in a whimsical way , that the English were niggards of applause to those who had fought their battles ; but he would appeal from the charge to the fact ; from the accuser to the history of the country . Was there ever a period when merit was more liberally rewarded than by this generous people , during the last and present wars ? There was no man of those , whose political sentiments he disapproved whom he would oppose so reluctantly , as the very distinguished officer he was now compelled to oppose . The noble lord had mixed up the general with the army , and then demanded whether such actions as had been performed should be refused the thanks of parliament ? With an utter contempt of dates , he had made a case , unsupported by events , to bolster up his own statement . He ( Mr. W. ) was no military man ; but when he could oppose the noble lord , upon the authority of lord Wellington himself , he thought , he might venture to dispute the points with him . The noble lord had stated , that the principal object was the defence of Portugal ; he believed it was not . He also spoke of the expulsion of Soult , and drew a comparison between the British and French commanders . They were not to try Soult , but they were to try lord Wellington , with respect to his claim upon the thanks of that House . It had been said , that lord Wellington had heard of the battles of Aspern and Esling , while at Abrantes , but how could he think that that battle would operate to draw off the French at such a distance ? But did the noble lord mean to say , that the French were unprovided with magazines ? Was it the practice of Buonaparté to be so ? —At all events , if the noble lord could issue his orders , with such effect , in the different countries through which he passed , he then might proceed without magazines , and provide himself as he advanced . But the contrary was the case ; his army was famishing . It had been mentioned , somewhere , as an honour to the general , that he conquered , with half-famished troops , the well-fed and luxurious troops of the enemy . Could a greater charge be brought against him ? Why did he take them there to be famished . But it seemed he had instructions that were dis- 297 claimed before ; they were now avowed , however , in order to afford some credit to the Portland administration , to enable them to say , `` this is the greatest general—that was the greatest army , in the world—and it was we who sent them out ! '' . On forming the junction with Cuesta , they were to attack the enemy the next day , but found that he was gone . But while lord Wellington accused general Cuesta of delay , he ought to have stated the grounds of it ; and , in not doing so , he did that general an injustice , As to the attack upon general M ' Kenzie 's party in the wood , it had every appearance of being unexpected . The Spaniards , to whom he allowed no praise , whom he represented as taking no part in the battle , he was nevertheless necessitated to mention no less than five times in his dispatch ; and it was rather too much to say , that he had contended with double his number . He had even mentioned a Spanish general , who was wounded in bringing up his inactive infantry to assist in the battle . There were , undoubtedly , prodigies of valour displayed by the British ; but even in the famous charge of the 23d regiment of dragoons he thought that the general was much to blame.—There was almost a gulph between them and the enemy , when they made the charge , and