silver 272 exported from the different ports of the United Kingdom to foreign parts in each of the last ten years , to the 1st of February 1810 , distinguishing gold and silver , distinguishing bullion , wrought plate , and coin , and distinguishing the ports and places from and to which the said exportation were made.—2 . An Account of the quantity of gold and silver imported into the United Kingdom in each of the last ten years to the 1st of February 1810 , distinguishing gold and silver , distinguishing bullion , wrought plate and coin , and distinguishing , as far as the same may be done , the foreign parts from which the said importations were made.—3 . An Account of the export and import of gold and silver from and to Ireland , from the year 1803 to the 5th of January 1810 ; distinguishing gold and silver , and distinguishing bullion , wrought plate and coin.—4 . An Account of the number of licences for the issue of promissory notes payable on demand , which were granted by , or by authority of , the Commissioners of Stamps , for the year ending the 10th of October 1809.—5 . An Account of the quantity of bullion or coin which has been seized in the two years ending the 1st of February 1810 , under the authority of the Statutes which regulate the exportation of bullion and coin.—6 . An Account of all dollars issued by the Bank of England to the latest period to which the same can be made up—7 . An Account of the amount of the Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in circulation on the 7th and 12th days of each month , from December 1808 to the 12th of January 1810 , inclusive ; distinguishing the Bank Post Bills , and distinguishing the amount of Notes under the value of live pounds.—8 . An Account of the quantity of gold and silver exported by the East India Company to China and the East Indies , whether on account of the Company or of private persons , from the year 1788 to the latest period to which the same can be made up ; distinguishing the export to China , and bullion from coin . '' thought that this was a subject which , like many others , had been industriously wrapped up in a sort of mystery that did net belong to it . If it was looked at through the plain medium of common sense and reason , it would appear by no means the involved and abstruse question it was generally thought to be . The fact appeared to him to be sim- 273 ply this , that the price of gold and silver , like the price of any other commodity , was regulated by the demand for it . If any substitute could be found that could answer the required purpose , as well as the commodity so much sought for , and that substitute could be had at a much cheaper rate , it would follow , by necessary consequence , that the commodity itself could not continue to be in such demand , and that its price would proportionally decrease . He would illustrate to the House his meaning—if the copper used in sheathing both our military and mercantile navy should be postponed , by the preference given to some other cheaper and as durable substance , and our shipping should be sheathed with that substance , there would be , of course , such a rush of copper into the market , as to occasion a very great reduction of price and general circulation of that metal . He differed from the hon . gent . who so ably introduced this subject in one point , and that was with respect to the country banks . He could not think them of such service to the credit and commerce of the country as that gentleman seemed to think them . With respect to the great circulation of paper money however , he thought that it materially