contradiction to all the military principles set down in the history of the most military nations of the world . He was by no means inclined to estimate talent or services , by the direct success or failure of an object ; but in viewing the battle of Talavera , he could not overlook that precipitancy in the commander , which made victory unprofitable , and must have made defeat total ruin : for when it was acknowledged , that the success at Talavera only led to consequent calamity , the 453 House must be aware that failure and defeat must have produced the annihilation of the British army . In the present instance , when reward for exploits was solicited , the House was bound to bear in mind , that the very term 'reward ' comprehended both merit and success . Before this vote for a pension was acquiesced in , it was right to ascertain , whether lord Wellington , in his advance to Talavera , had acted in compliance with positive instructions , or not . Were the House in possession of that knowledge , it would then be able , when it praised for services , also to know whom to censure for such services being wholly unavailable to the interests of the country . Should the House forget what were its duties , the country would not fail to determine upon the merits or demerits of such transactions . And it was no very ordinary circumstance to observe that whilst the country from one extremity to the other was calling for inquiry , the organ which was to express its feelings were accumulating thanks , and honours , and pensions upon the parties engaged in those questionable occurrences . It was most improper to assume , that , merely because the crown conferred a peerage , therefore the House of Commons was necessarily bound to grant a pension . If such doctrine as that was to be brought into practice , then it must follow , either that the House of Commons must one time or other trench upon the prerogative of the Crown , or that the prerogative would destroy the best privileges of the Commons . The people in such a state would not fail to demand an account of all those indigested and calamitous plans in which the ministry involved them—plans , of the success of which no rational hope could be entertained , and for whose adoption there could be no other apology , but that they were undertaken by men anxious to compensate for their weakness by their multiplicity . The hon . member concluded by declaring his intention to oppose the motion . estimated the value of the battle of Talavera by the impression it had made on the enemy , as expressed in the Moniteur . He was glad that lord Wellington had advanced into Spain ; and therefore he could not but consider that blood as well shed which enhanced the reputation of the country , and belied the assertions of our enemy , uniformly cast upon this nation , of being wholly occupied 454 in promoting selfish objects . With respect to the retreat of our army after the battle of Talavera , it was to be recollected , that after the two most memorable victories in our history , namely , Agincourt and Dettingen , the British triumphant armies had retreated . bore testimony to the military talents of the noble lord . Valour , he was not inclined to account more than a common merit in such an army , and amongst such soldiers as ours , but skill , and discipline , and patience were to be found among the characteristics of this general . Lord Wellington , he believed also was far from rich ; he had always been one of the most liberal men that ever existed , and the state of his circumstances was , he imagined , far from adequate to the support of the high dignity to which he was elevated . said , that though the thanks of the House constituted one of the highest honours