contributed to throw the specie into the market . But so long as the tax gatherers should continue to receive paper money at par , there would be no great danger of any depreciation of its value from what was called an over issue . He was not prepared then to go fully into the question , but should content himself with adding that in his opinion it was a subject well worth the most serious attention of that House . said he could not but compliment what he might call the philosophical speech of the hon . mover . He thought the subject deserved to be maturely weighed , and that every effort should be made to trace the present unfortunate state of the currency to its true cause ; which he believed to be the excess of paper issues . thought it in the first instance necessary , that the House should with all convenient dispatch possess itself of every possible information upon this very important subject . He had not hastily formed his opinions upon it , but , however confident he might feel in the justice of these opinions then , he should defer stating them till the House should be better enabled to come to some conclusion . He acknowledged , that if it were his in- 274 tention at that time to go into detail , he believed he should be led to take a very different view of the paper currency of the country , and its consequences , from that which others who preceded him seemed disposed to take . He hoped the motion of the hon . gent . would be acceded to , as the question appeared to him to be of such pressing interest and great magnitude , that it could not be too rally entered into . approved of the motion , and vindicated the country bankers from the objections made to them by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Davies Giddy . ) He thought them a source of great commercial convenience in as much as their own notes they always changed for bank of England notes , and it was not to be supposed that they could have got them without a due equivalent . said , the most important fact to ascertain was , what was the real price of bullion . The number of notes of the bank of England in circulation might vary ; so might country bank notes ; the amount of the paper in circulation , therefore , could not enable the House to form an accurate judgment upon the subject ; the price of gold alone was that to which the circulation of the country ought to conform . The bank of England paper , however , was that to which parliament should most particularly attend ; for the directors of the bank of England might , by reducing the value of their paper , compel the country banks to do so likewise . It had been said , this evil had a natural tendency to correct itself , but it had not yet corrected itself . It was well known that nobody could get gold from the bank of England . did not rise to oppose the motion that had been made With so much ability . He would , however , venture to suggest his difference of opinion , with respect to one or two points . First , he confessed he could not understand , how the reduction of the bank of England paper could affect the price of bullion . He thought , that they must consider gold as an article of trade ; and if a guinea , that is , the quantity of gold coined into a guinea was worth , at Hamburgh , more than 21 shillings , no reduction of their home circulation of paper currency could affect the rate or the value of bullion in the foreign market , which rate or Value was to be ascribed to other causes . They were to look to the extent of the wars so 275 long carried on , which could not