battle had not been of his choice . He was obliged to fight ; and if it had not been for the steadiness , bravery , and discipline of the columns which he sent forward to support the advanced divisions , he could never have escaped with an army . Would any gentleman look to the circumstances of that day 's action—would any one look to its immediate consequences—would any one look to what was the state of the army at present , and say that a victory had been gained at Talavera ? It was in truth no victory . It had been swelled into a victory only by the influence of political connection in order to get lord Wellington advanced to the peerage . It was a piece of ministerial foppery . It was an object with the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) , and his Majesty 's ministers , to obtain the support of marquis Wellesley , and consequently they were anxious to pay court to that noble lord . He would congratulate , not the right hon . gent . ( for he was no longer in office ) but his Majesty 's ministers , on having secured to themselves the support of that noble lord . But still he must contend , that it was with a view to pay court to him that lord Wellington had been advanced to the peerage ; and that it was now proposed to add a pension to that honour . If they were to look to the history of the country for examples in which such honours and rewards were conferred , they would not find a single case of a peerage or a pension granted upon such disputable grounds . It was not his wish to detract from the merits or services of lord Wellington , either in India or in 446 Europe : but he did not think they were such as merited the distinctions conferred upon him . He was as ready as any gentleman to admit that lord Wellington was a brave , active , gallant and enterprising officer , that he had behaved very With his services in India , was not sufficiently acquainted ; but one thing he was sure of , that they had rewarded themselves ; as there was commonly something behind much better than the mere remains of hard knocks , which were the only reward of many of those who achieved victories in Europe . But in the services performed by lord Wellington in Europe he could not discover any thing to merit the honours he had received , or the provision now proposed to be settled upon him , and his two next heirs in succession . With the grant of the peerage , that House had certainly nothing to do . He was sorry the title had been conferred , but for that there was now no remedy . That the thanks of that House had been voted to lord Wellington , was most true . But that such a vote should be advanced in support of the grant of a pension , excited his surprise . Did the right hon . gent . not remember the manner in which he had introduced the motion for that Vote of Thanks ? Had he forgotten the cold and frigid manner in which he had prefaced that motion ? The right hon . gent . was , perhaps , on that occasion not disposed to go further , though since he might have discovered something to quicken his feelings and make him warmer on the subject . For his part , he had not given any opposition to the Vote of Thanks . He had always thought that the conduct of lord Wellington in the battle of Talavera had been that of a brave , nay more , of a skilful and able officer , and for that reason it was that he had not opposed the Vote of Thanks . But was it , therefore , to follow that such distinguished honours should be conferred on so young an officer ? What