that genius before which obstacles vanished ? For all this they were only insulted with a dry catalogue of negatives , and an account that the noble , admiral inspected the action at a distance of seven miles . The question had been treated lightly ; but levity was unbe- 246 coming the grave matter for their deliberation . The subject was of great importance ; and it merited to be most seriously considered . having doubts on the vote which he should give , would wish to state what they were , but still more strongly what they were not . He was adverse to the revisal of the decisions of courts-martial ; but the Vote of Thanks forced him to put himself to the trouble of thinking a little . He thought a motion for papers on such a subject was unnecessary ; the thanks of that House did not deserve to be lavished on any man , unless his service was of that rank which forced itself into universal report , and universal admiration . It was not to be evolved in some obscure process of official chemistry ; not to be drawn out from under bundles of obscure records ; not to be elicited by any keen , cunning , recondite , subtilizing process , beyond the practice or perception of the general mass of mankind . To be praised it must be known ; to be matter of thanks it must be matter of publicity . He then adverted to the instance of sir Home Popham , in which he accused the conduct of the admiralty , as taking away its effect from the sentence of a court-martial , by conferring situations of confidence on him , subsequently to his having received a reprimand . Lord Gambier never came into the action . This was admitted by all the evidence , yet this should not throw a stain upon him . It was not his place . The aspersion thrown upon him for sparing the lives of his men was idle . It was the highest praise of the first military characters that they saved blood . Great commanders hated the unnecessary waste of human lives . They were careful of their men , and it was their proudest boast that they accomplished their victories without the unnecessary expenditure of a single soldier . But in voting thanks it was time to pause . Their old rewards were become worthless . It had been said , that nothing was left but the peerage , and even the most lavish disposal of that high honour ; they gave it away by two steps at once . This was the natural process where there was no distinct scale of merit and reward ; but it was time to stop . They had in their hands the great provision for national virtue ; they had the honours of the country intrusted to them , and it became them , as legislators , not to suffer its streams to be idly diverted , nor 247 to be prodigally and profusely poured forth , to slake the thirst of undeserving ambition ; still panting , still insatiable . observed , that as there were certain confident rumours afloat , that a very considerable Defalcation had been discovered in the accounts of a public officer in the Ordnance Department , he rose to enquire of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whether those rumours were founded ; and , if so , whether the discovery was accidental ; and whether the subject had been referred for further investigation to the Commissioners of Military Inquiry ? answered , that a discovery had been made , merely by accident , that drafts had been issued to a considerable and unusual amount upon the Bank of England , by an officer in the Ordnance department . The discovery was made on a Saturday ; and it was thought right to send , on the Monday morning , orders to the Bank forbidding the payment of any drafts drawn by that officer . The Board of Ordnance immediately instituted an inquiry on the subject ;