purpose he knew it was the desire of Austria that we should retain Walcheren until she made terms of peace , and bad and hard as those terms were for her , whoever compared the threats of Buonaparté with the terms which he afterwards granted , must admit , that some cause had reduced him to the necessity of relaxing from his threatened severity . His lordship declared , that in his opinion , it was occasioned by our holding Walcheren , and , in fact , that was the reason why we held it after the ulterior objects of the Expedition were known to be defeated , and expressly at the request of Austria . Some noble lords had said , that the destruction of Flushing was a conquest of no importance , and considered as such by the French Ruler . He would ask those noble lords , whether if the case could be reversed , and a French 37 fleet were to attack and destroy Sheerness , and afterwards make good their retreat , it would be considered by Buonaparté as a small triumph , or by us as a trifling defeat ? The question being loudly called for , the House divided on lord Grenville 's Amendment : when the numbers were , Contents 55 Proxies 37 For the Amendment — 92 Non-Contents 89 Proxies 55 For the Address — 144 Majority 52 said , he rose , relying upon that indulgence which the House usually afforded to persons placed in his situation , an indulgence which he hoped would not be refused to a first effort in debate . He trusted that the House would give credit to the principles by which his majesty had been guided in his conduct towards the fallen state of Austria ; they were those upon which he had uniformly acted , whenever he had been called upon for protection and support . He was persuaded that the House would feel the exertions in the Austrian cause not unworthy of the character of the nation . Austria had entered into the contest , hurried on by the imperious pressure of the time . His majesty had extended a generous aid to her , without exposing the permanent interests of his people . It was satisfactory , too , to know , that , whilst his majesty regretted , in common with all his subjects , the disadvantageous peace , in which the war on the continent had terminated , his majesty had employed no means whatever to induce Austria to embark in it . The House would learn , and he trusted with interest and satisfaction , that the papers relative to the Expedition to the Scheldt were to be laid before them . On the subject of that Expedition , he observed , that the particular merits of the armament were not at present the subject of discussion ; but though he lamented that the whole of its objects had not been accomplished , thus much he would say of it , that the advantages the country would derive from what had been effected , if not now generally acknowledged , would soon be generally experienced . The sentiments the king had thought fit to express to his parliament in this instance , were worthy of those he had upon all occasions entertained ; he was beloved by his allies and dreaded by his enemies . While empires were sink- 39 ing , either by their own weight , or were hurled down by the rude hand of power , this country had defied , the insults of ambition , and had remained uninjured amidst the calamitous desolation of the continent . His majesty 's sentiments on the Spanish war were suited to his dignity . While that brave and martial people fought with the spirit and perseverance of freemen , he did not stand aloof ; he offered his aid to their first exertions . In the day of their difficulties , he would not withdraw that aid which he had offered to their early cause.—It must be satisfactory to the House to know , that the temporary