them . If that House should not take steps speedily to vindicate their privileges which were daily and hourly violated , they would be supposed not to possess them or to want spirit to assert them . He , though the authors of the 480 placard did him the honour of mentioning his name , was not influenced by personal considerations ; and he felt confident , that the House would do him the justice to believe , that he was influenced , in the present instance , solely by a sense of public duty.—For the liberty that had been taken with his name , by these persons , he felt nothing but the most profound contempt.—The placard to which he alluded , was headed with the names of a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , and himself . He must be at all times proud to have his name coupled with that of the right hon . gent . and so far he must acknowledge himself indebted to the authors of the paper in question . As to the objectionable matter contained in that paper , he should merely read it to the House , and leave it to their consideration without any comment . This same placard , which announced itself as the journal of a sort of speaking club , called `` The British Forum , '' stated to the public , that `` Last Monday , after an interesting discussion , it was unanimously decided , that the enforcement of the standing orders , by shutting out strangers from the gallery of the House of Commons , ought to be censured as an insiduous and ill-timed attack upon the liberty of the press , as tending to aggravate the discontents of the people , and to render their representatives objects of jealous suspicion . '' Here they had their most valued privileges attacked at once , their standing orders were censued , and they themselves were menaced ; for the question upon the propriety of enforcing those orders had been recently before the House , and the propriety of that proceeding was confirmed by a very considerable majority . He had been bred up in those habits of veneration for the constitution , that he must of necessity revere the liberty of the press as one of the most efficient guardians of that constitution . But he thought that the liberty of the press had no more formidable enemy than the licentiousness of the press , and as a sincere and zealous advocate for the former , he trusted he should never be wanting in his efforts to punish and restrain the latter . His first proposition would he , to deliver in the paper at the table ; next , that it should be read by the clerk , and that the clause in the Bill of Rights relative to the privilege of freedom of debate , should be also read ; and lastly , he should move that the printer should be required to attend at the bar of 481 the House tomorrow . Mr. Yorke then delivered in the paper , which was read by the clerk , and was as follows : — `` WINDHAM AND YORKE . BRITISH FORUM , 33 , BEDFORD-STREET , COVENT-GARDEN . MONDAY , FEB. 19 , 1810 . Question : —Which was a greater out-rage upon the public feeling , Mr. Yorke 's enforcement of the standing order to exclude strangers from the House of Commons , on Mr. Windham 's recent attack upon the liberty of the press ? Last Monday '' [ for the rest of this clause `` see the former part of Mr. Yorke 's speech ] `` The great anxiety manifested by the public at this critical period to `` become acquainted with the proceedings of the House of Commons , and to ascertain who were the authors and promoters of the late calamitous expedition to the Scheldt , together with the violent attacks made by Mr. Windham on the newspaper reporters ( whom he represents as 'bankrupts , lottery office keepers , footmen , and