been presented to his Majesty in his private 483 closet , he could not know through what officer it found its way to that House . It might contain very important matter , and it might be proper to have it laid upon the table , but from the irregularity which he had remarked about it and in its mode of introduction to that House , he thought it right to submit his opinion to the consideration of the House . apprehended , if he was correct in what he had collected from the noble lord 's statement , that the paper to which the noble lord referred was not presented through any official minister , but personally to his Majesty . If so , it was a question well worthy of grave and deliberate consideration , whether the objection applying to the form in which the paper was brought before that House , was not such as could not be removed , or qualified by the substance of that paper , whatever that substance might be . He should suppose that all orders from that House , relative to public documents , were addressed to some responsible minister , who was officially answerable for their production ; and that all papers of the nature of that under consideration were generally presented to his Majesty through some responsible minister . Great inconveniences , indeed , must obviously result from a different course . But the error , in point of form , with respect to the production of this paper to that House , might , he thought , be easily corrected . To avoid going into any mixed consideration of the form objected to , and the substance of this paper , the simple course was , to correct the form before the paper was read . That course was by withdrawing the paper , and presenting it in a regular way , stating whether the document , of which it purported to be a copy , was presented to his Majesty by the Secretary of State for the war department , or by the noble lord whose signature it bore ; and in what capacity , whether as a cabinet minister , or as the Commander in Chief of the Expedition of which it professed to be a Narrative . This line of conduct he humbly submitted to the consideration of the House , as in his judgment , their becoming acquainted with the contents of the paper might , instead of simplifying , tend to make the business more complex than it would otherwise be . The course he proposed appeared therefore to him to be a simple remedy by which they might avoid inconveniences of considerable magnitude . con- 484 curred with his right hon . friend who spoke last , as to the propriety of avoiding any mixture of the form and substance of this paper . It was rather unfortunate , however , he observed , that the doubts urged on this occasion had not been mentioned at the time this paper was moved for , in order to its being laid on the table . Notice was regularly given of the intention to move for it ; and at the time of the notice , as well as on the bringing forward of the motion , the nature of the paper was fully described ; and at neither period did any of those objections occur which were now pressed , and pressed rather too late in his judgment . As to the manner in which he had obtained this paper , he would state shortly . In compliance with the order of that House , to which , of course , it was his duty to attend , he instituted an inquiry as to where this paper was , and found it to be in the hands of the Secretary of State for the war department , lord Liverpool , to whom it was delivered by his Majesty . From lord Liverpool he received the copy which he had laid on the table , and so far he felt himself answerable for its