227 fore they assented to the noble lord 's motion ; for nothing could more injuriously affect the discipline both of the army and navy than that parliament should take into its hands the revision of the proceedings of Courts Martial . agreed with the hon . general , that the House ought not to take upon itself the revision of such sentences on light grounds ; but still the proceedings Courts Martial were liable to revision in in the House , as the court of dernier resort . This doctrine was laid down in Mr. Adye 's book on Courts Martial ; and there was an instance of such revision in 1744 , when the sentence of a Court Martial on capt . Norris was decided by this House to be partial , arbitrary , and unjust . Besides , there might be in the Minutes of the evidence abundance of matter to justify the House in withholding the high honour of their thanks , though no actual blame may have been incurred by the noble admiral . observed , that it had been argued by ministers , and he thought justly , on two late occasions , that the House ought not to come to any vote till they had the papers before them , as this would be a kind of censure , and without documents . The very same arguments applied to this case ; and it appeared to him equally necessary that the Minutes should be produced , before they could come to a Vote of Thanks . This also he conceived equally necessary to the character of lord Gambier himself , and to his deriving any satisfaction from a Vote of Thanks . said , he did not rise to negative , but to amend the motion of the noble lord . As to the question which was to follow , namely , the Vote of Thanks to lord Gambier , it might be necessary to produce the Sentence of the Court Martial , but there was no occasion for the Minutes . In the two instances cited by the hon . gent . who had just sat down , of ministers having asked the House to wait for information , there was a very material difference from the present question ; and it did not require the acuteness and distinctness of judgment so peculiar to that hon . gent . to point it out . In the case of last night , a subject was before the House which they could each of them easily determine on his own knowledge ; but in this case , an investigation had already taken place , before a tribunal competent to the subject ; and certainly the House would not think of calling for the Minutes , in order to question the conduct of 228 the individual who had been acquitted , though they might , if it was thought necessary , do so with respect to the court itself . The noble lord had stated that the House should be cautious how they countenanced such a proceeding as a Vote of Thanks to lord Gambier , because ministers might be able to shelter themselves from blame , for appointing an officer from parliamentary interest . He , for his own part , did not know of any parliamentary interest possessed by lord Gambier . If , however , any thing could shew that ministers were not guided by parliamentary interest , in their appointments of officers , he thought he might fairly instance the appointment of the noble lord himself . The noble lord had complained that there was no prosecutor on this court martial . If the noble lord had thought any prosecutor necessary in it , he should himself have been that person , since it was in consequence of his declaration , that the admiralty had thought it due , in justice to the character of lord Gambier , to institute a court martial , to inquire into the conduct , which the noble lord who made the motion , had so obliquely censured by the letter , which he had written