ministry . He was averse to harsh language ; but where was the address , the ability , the knowledge , the public spirit , that were the soul of success in such a cause ? He found them shifting from object to object , and hanging their nope on every weak and bending support , that failed them in the first moment of pleasure . They cheered themselves with little circumstances . They first sustained themselves on the improvement of the Portuguese army , then on the free turn which their Constitution was to receive . He thought , that for defence no government could be too free ; by that he meant too democratic ; the words might not be synonimous , but it was in such governments that men felt of what they were capable : there was then the full stretch of all the powers . There was a great struggle , a great allay of the baser passions ; but there rose from them a spirit vigorous , subtilized , and pure ; there was the triumph of all the vehement principles of the nation ; the rapid intelligence , the bold decision , the daring courage , the stern love of country . It was in the hoar of struggle that men started up among the ranks of the shrinking people ; those bright shapes of valour and virtue that gave a new life to the people ; those surpassing forms of dignity and splendour that suddenly rose up as if by miracle , among the host , rushed to the front of the battle , and as in the days of old , by their sole appearance turned the victory . But where was the symptom of a love for free government in the conduct of the ministry ? The government of Portugal had been absolutely in their hands , had they disburdened it of its obstructions to freedom—had they pointed its aspect towards democracy ? It would be criminal to force a nation to a defence which might draw 536 down ruin on them . But if we were found to withdraw from the contest , it was possible for us to do so without degrading the country by any base avidity for little gains , by seizing upon any of those little pieces of plunder which were already so tempting and apt to overpower our resistance to the temptation . We might leave the country of our ally with the spirit of friendship and the purity of honour . It was of great moment to us , in even that meanest and lowest view in policy , to leave the people of the peninsula our friends , but we must be actuated by a higher principle , and be regretted and revered by those whom we were forced to abandon . He could not expect this from his Majesty 's ministers , and , therefore , could not think their hands fit to wield the resources or sustain the character of the British Empire . supported the amendment . The ministers had almost destroyed three armies in the course of twelve months , and had within that period , and to little or no purpose , expended more of the military and pecuniary resources of the country than any of their predecessors had done in the course of ten years . Under these circumstances , their lordships could not give them their confidence in the further prosecution of this line of policy , without inquiry . The lord Chancellor then put the question on the Amendment , when a division took place , and the numbers stood thus : —Contents 42 ; Proxies 52 : 94.—Non-Contents 59 ; Proxies 65 ; —124 : Majority against the Amendment 30 . The original motion passed without a division . moved that the order of the day for the House going into a Committee on the policy and conduct of the Expedition to the Scheldt be read . could not think the conduct of the noble lord , and of gentlemen who sat on the same side of the House with him , at