in Ireland on this subject . There was no one thing in which they were so unanimous as in their opposition to the prohibition now proposed to be extended to that country . The noble lord 's proposition went to affect the vital interests of Ireland . The local interests of England were best known and would be best protected by those who were connected with particular districts . He must assert the same right for Ireland , and must contend that her interests were not to be sacrificed on account of the northern parts of this country , or the West India planters . He stated that in another respect , this matter was important , there being no fewer than 1,300 or 1,400 families who depended on this manufacture for a livelihood . spoke against the Resolution . The produce of this year in Ireland had been abundant ; there was besides a great deal of old corn still in the granaries of Dublin , and distillation alone would afford an adequate encouragement to the agriculture of that country . declared his hostility to all modes of partial legislation , and thought it highly improper to oppose the interests of one part of the country to those of another . Should distillation from grain be allowed in Ireland , while prohibited in this country , the consequence would be , that the grain would go from this country to Ireland , and be returned in spirits , which would , at the same time defeat the object of the bill , and do injustice to the Scotch and English distillers . thought the measure of exemption in favour of Ireland , was a violation of the Union , and that the same regard was due to the landed interests of this country , as to those of Ireland . The Union , he contended , had been of great benefit to the landed property of Ireland , land being now in that country worth one fourth more than before the Union . He was at a loss to know why Ireland , enjoying equal advantages from the Union , should not be treated in the same way as England or Scotland . It had been stated , that if exemption was not conceded to Ireland , the revenue of that country would be much deteriorated . This reasoning he thought went to shew that it was the wish of those , gentlemen who resorted to it , that the poor people in Ireland should contribute the greater part of the revenue through the medium of spirits which had a tendency to destroy both their health and morals : He did not think that the superabundance of grain in Ireland had been sufficiently made out , else why was it not sent to this country at a time when government were affording every facility to the import of corn from the continent ? If grain was really lower in price at present , than it had been in that country , was it proper to deprive the people immediately of that advantage , after the great privations they had been obliged to submit to ? The interests of the West India planters was a very fair object of consideration ; the intercourse between the West Indies and this country being a profitable traffic , in which no money was required from this country in return for the valuable produce of the West Indies , but such articles only as were the produce of our own trade and manufactures . Our importation of corn from the continent was an encouragement to France , and certainly under such circumstances it became our duty to husband our own resources . sincerely joined in the wish that all distinctions between the two countries were destroyed , and the most free and complete intercourse effected . He admitted the principle that nothing was more pernicious than a continual interference with the corn trade , and had contended , on a former occasion , that the prohibition of distillation from grain was prejudicial to all parts of the Empire . He could not , therefore