, consider her capabilities , but consider also how long she has slumbered over them , that they are of very recent developement , that they have been elicited principally by the very necessities which have forced you to call upon her , and that she will slumber still unless you awaken her , and therefore spare no source of demand that can stimulate her industry , If you cut off the demand it is in rain to hope for a continuance of supply ; and so convinced am I of this , that if any one could point out a third species of demand for corn in addition to the call for food and the call for distillation , I would hail him instantly as a friend to Ireland , but as ultimately an averter of famine from Great Britain . On these grounds I feel myself justified in saying that the interests of the empire forbid our prohibiting the corn distilleries of Ireland ; but let us now look to her local interests . Sir , I say that as a matter of revenue it is impossible that Ireland can afford it . At the time of the Union the clear revenue of Ireland paid into the Exchequer was , 3,007,000l . In the year ending 5 Jan. 1808 , being the last year in which we had the advantage of corn distillation , it had been raised to 4,769,000l . of which 3,420,000l . was required to defray the charge of the debt of Ireland , leaving free towards her quota of contribution 1,349,000l . That quota was , and is , above six millions per annum , and to de- 549 fray it , we have nothing but this 1,349,000l . and what we can borrow on the strength of it . And the Committee will judge how far we can afford to give up a whole million of this by the loss of the corn distillation . Sir , I say that in the most favourable view that it is possible to take of the prohibition , it occasions the loss to us of near a million of revenue ; for the distilleries from corn produced in the last year of this operation no less than 1,236,000l . of spirit-duty ; to this must be added 500,000l . more of malt-duty , by the recent law to be charged upon the spirit , making in the whole 1,736,000l . annual produce of revenue from the corn distillation . Against this what have we now to set ? nothing but 210,580l . being the total produce of revenue from the distillation of sugar , and 589,000l . increase of duty on the sugars and foreign spirits imported into Ireland , leaving still a deficit of above 936,000l . per annum . In what manner do the gentlemen of Ireland think their Chancellor of the Exchequer can make up the deficiency ? If the window tax was to be quadrupled , and the carriage duty , house tax , horse tax , dog tax , and servants tax were to be multiplied tenfold , all put together would fall short of the produce of corn distillation . Do they hope she is to make it up by new taxes from the customs ? His hands are tied up there by the act of Union : or from the malt duties ? they think them high enough already : upon the stamps ? they already produced nearly ½ of the stamps of Great Britain , and can hardly be carried higher ; and therefore it is that the distilleries have ever been considered as the chosen field for an Irish chancellor of the Exchequer to exercise whatever he possessed of ingenuity , as affording him the sole hope for the accomplishment of his task . Another consideration is the absolute futility of the prohibition . Sir , it is the unfortunate , the mischievous , and the peculiar character of this measure , that while it suffices abundantly to produce the evils of which we complain , it is totally unable to operate the good which you desire