superior not only to any former period of war , but to the most favoured times of peace in the history of the British empire . It was possible that some parts of our import trade , from particular quarters , might be carried on by individuals , merely by an export of money . This , however , had no sanction from the government of the country , who did every thing in their power to prevent it . It was not impossible that some instances might have occurred , such as the hon . gent . had mentioned , of bullion being bought up at an advanced rate , to be sent out of the country . It was , however , scarcely possible , in the immense business of issuing licenses , that some abuses might not have been practised by some individuals . If , however , the hon . gent . knew of any such , and would have the goodness to point out any manner in which it was possible they could be detected or prevented , he might rely upon it that his advice should be thankfully received , and vigilantly adopted . But he would find it a difficult thing to persuade that House , or the merchants of this country to adopt such a policy as the suppression of a system under which the commerce of this country had prospered beyond all former example . supported the argument of Mr. Rose , and repeated his assertion of Tuesday night—that the amount of commercial exports , in actual manufactures and produce from this country , within the last year , exclusively of bullion , exceeded by a balance of from seven to eight millions any year of our history in the most flourishing times of peace ; and by ten millions , any former year of war . With respect to the other question put by the hon . gent . he conceived it not to be the time for discussing that subject . If any such measure was in the contemplation of the India Company , as the application for a loan , or for a renewal of their charter , it must originate in the Court of Directors , and not in that House . His Majesty 's ministers had no power to oblige the India Company to a disclosure of their intentions upon those heads . If they contemplated such a proceeding , they must proceed by petitioning the parliament ; and it would be time enough to discuss those subjects , when they came before it in a proper shape . was not disposed to give his Majesty 's ministers the credit they seemed so anxious to assume for their Orders in Council and commercial licences , as the true source of all the commercial prosperity they boasted in the last year . He attributed this apparent prosperity to quite other causes ; namely , to the long exclusion of our trade from some ports of the continent , which when occasionally opened for us , either by the wants of hostile nations , the enterprising spirit of our own merchants , or by the intervention of neutrals , created an extraordinary demand for British commodities for a time ; and hence the apparent but fluctuating superiority of the period in question . But how much greater would these exports have been , had the Orders in Council never been issued , to debar us of the agency of neutrals , and had the trade of the country never been shackled by commercial licences . There were , besides , still stronger objections to this licensing system in another point of view , because it laid the commerce of the country at the feet of the minister ; and enabled the government to exercise a partial influence for the advantage of those whom they considered their friends , and to the injury of those whom they might view in a different light . He would not positively charge them with such an exercise of their power ; but he believed it was pretty well understood in 158 the