for the purpose of ascertaining whether such a 571 paper was in existence or not ; a paper , if in existence , of whose contents and quality those who called for it knew nothing , and of which he must say , that whatever were its contents and quality , it could never be considered as an official document , for the reception of which there needed any advice , it being merely a communication upon certain facts . It was upon such grounds that he felt himself disposed to oppose the motion for an Address . replied to the statements of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and expressed his determination to vote for die Address . rose for the purpose of submitting a few observations to the House in support of the motion for the Address . He had thought , that , after the course adopted by the House on a former night , with respect , to the production of the Narrative of the earl of Chatham , no argument could have been necessary to induce the House to agree to the motion of the hon . member on the floor . It would be for the House , however , to decide in what manner it should dispose of that motion ; but this he would assert , that unless the paper , which it was its object to procure , should be granted , the refusal of it would be productive of much wrong to the gallant officer who had commanded the naval part of the Expedition . That the paper moved for did really exist , he was justified in assuming , because no person during the discussion had ventured to deny its existence . If the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer should even then state to the House , that no such paper existed , he would not say another word on the subject . As the existence of the paper , therefore , was not denied , he must assume that such a paper did actually exist ; and if such were the case , he hoped , that the members of that House would feel a sympathy in the situation of the gallant admiral , who was suffering , and would continue to suffer , under the charges insinuated against him , unless , by the production of this document , he should have an opportunity of meeting such charges in every shape in which they could be presented . He felt it difficult to account for the resistance made to the present motion upon any principle of fairness , candour or impartiality . The House would recollect , that the Narrative of the noble earl had been voluntarily produced on a former night , fourteen 572 days after the Inquiry had commenced ; and yet a paper , relating to the same subject , and necessary to the effectual prosecution of this inquiry , was not to be obtained by the eloquence of some of the most eminent members of that House . The withholding of the paper in question was much more severe towards the gallant admiral , whose conduct had been so unaccountably brought in question , than the production of it could be prejudicial or inconvenient . He would recal to the recollection of the House the actual state of the case , and then leave them to decide whether or not they should think the production of the paper necessary . Early in last July , an expedition was undertaken , which had unquestionably not succeeded to the extent which the public had reason to expect . Upon this subject the House of Commons had instituted an inquiry ; and 14 days after it had been entered upon , a Narrative of the conduct of the commander in chief , and a journal of the proceedings of the army under his command , were laid upon the table . What reasonable objection there could be to laying any other paper , the production of that noble general relative to the same subject , before the House , he could not perceive