increase was 1,400l . ; On the barracks , in Ireland , 3,042l. , and the commissariat in the same country a decrease of 26,000l .. From all these it appeared that the total increase was 129,758l . The deductions were 81,850l . and the gross saving 736,992l . Between the two years the 613 balance in favour of the present was an increase of 1,427 men , and a decrease of 952,092l . of expenditure . The noble secretary concluded these statements , with a very animated eulogy on our military force , which was as efficient in discipline , as in numbers ; and this not only in the regular army , but in the militia , volunteers , and other description of force . We had 600,000 men in arms , besides a navy of 200,000 . The masculine energies of the nation were never more conspicuous , and the country never at any period of its history , stood in so proud and glorious a situation as at present . After a conflict for fifteen years , against an enemy whose power had been progressively increasing , we were still able to maintain the war with augmenting force , and a population , by the pressure of external circumstances , consolidated into an impregnable military mass . Our physical strength had risen , as it was called for , and if we did not present the opposition of numerous fortresses to an invader , as the continent did , we presented the more insuperable barrier , of a high-spirited , patriotic , and enthusiastic people . The noble lord concluded by moving his first Resolution . complimented the noble lord on the eloquence he had displayed ; but rose principally to state some points on which he conceived the committee bound to decide . The officers of the army laboured , in his opinion , under some oppressions which he thought should be removed . It would surprise the Committee if he informed them , and he was prepared to prove it , that the officers of the British army were paid less for their services than in the 1695 ; he did not mean comparatively speaking , but shilling for shilling , sixpence for sixpence . In proof of his assertion , he referred to a manuscript in the Harleian museum , written by sir R. Harley , dated the 17th July 1695 . A lieutenant-colonel received then 17s . per diem . A lieutenant-colonel now has only 15s . 3d . net pay , deducting the Income tax . A major had then 15s . Now a major has only 14s . 6d . A captain then 10s . His pay is now only 9s . The two next degrees of rank were better in point of emolument now , for a lieutenant has 5s . 11d . whereas he had but 4s . 8d . in 1695 . An Ensign has 4s . 6d . he then had 3s . 8d . The office of secretary at war , was held at a salary of 20s . per diem . the pay of a major general . It now was not quadrupled merely , but it was ten 614 times multiplied as to the amount of salary . The office of under secretary was then filled at 7s . 6d . per diem ; the profit of it now was upwards of 7l . per diem . During this period , major-generals had received no addition ; and the only reason that seemed to present itself , as accounting for this inconsistency was , that they were not represented , as secretaries at war had been , in that House . The hon . general did not wish to see memorials from men in arms , but he thought government should examine into these complaints of the army . The militia officers were paid in 3 or 6 months ; the regular officers were well off if they got their pay within 18 months . He did not mean to say that these abuses had not existed for many years , and was