consent to the production , at least at the present time . One of these Reports was the eighth , which related to Northfleet , and he should be extremely sorry to see it produced , for thereby the contents might transpire , and reach the enemy , which would be injurious to the best interests of the country . These reasons would also prevent the production of another report , which regarded the supplying of timber for the British navy . He would at no time consent to the production of this report . He was upon the whole surprised that the noble viscount should have been so much alarmed , as to hasten to the capital for the purpose of giving his advice upon the present state of our navy . There was not much to fear , for such had been the growing prosperity of the British fleet , from the time when the duke of York presided as lord high admiral , down to the present times , that if the whole of these Reports had been burnt , or torn to pieces , and lost to the country , he could assure their lordships the navy of this country would , in spite of every abuse , still prosper ; therefore , it was certainly remarkable that the noble viscount 's imagination should have been so much alarmed at phantoms , as to induce him to set out in the midst of winter 363 from the extremity of Scotland , anxious to lend his assistance for the purpose of saving our navy from destruction . The noble lord concluded by moving the previous question . rose to explain . He had not made , nor did he mean to make , the slightest reflection on that excellent officer , admiral Domett . He was confident that many parts of the reports , not yet produced , might be given without any danger whatever ; and he would inform the noble lord , that he should move on a future occasion for such parts as might , without public detriment , be produced . He denied that he made any charge of rashness or neglect against the noble lord . Whenever he should feel it his duty to do so , he should take care that the noble lord should understand his intentions . As to what had been said of his leaving retirement and coming up to town , he supposed that the noble lord intended it for the purpose of amusement , and to his amusement he had no particular objection . He then regretted the decay of ship-timber here , and alluded to the two commissions of the House of Commons in 1774 and 1792 . His opinion was in favour of constructing the proposed dock at Northfleet , the expence of which the public affairs could , for such a purpose , very well spare , if the finances were well managed , and not wasted on fruitless exertions . presented a Petition of the inhabitant householders , electors of the City and liberty of Westminster , assembled in New Palace Yard , the 9th day of February 1810 , by the appointment of Arthur Morris , Esq . the high bailiff , in consequence of a requisition for that purpose , signed by several inhabitant householders , was presented to the House , and read ; setting forth , `` That in a Petition presented to the House , by Charles Grey , esq . ( now earl Grey ) , on Monday the 6th day of May 1793 , and which Petition was entered on the Journals of the House , it was averred and offered to be proved , `` That the House of Commons did not fully and fairly repre- 364 sent the people of England ; '' `` That the elective franchise was so partially and unequally distributed that a majority of the House was elected by less than a two hundredth part of the male population . '' `` That the right of voting was regulated by no uniform or rational principle . '' `` That