administration . He would ever maintain , that all legislative interference with the interests of commerce must invariably produce injurious consequences ; but no legal fetters were so galling to commercial success , as those to which he alluded . If it was intended that trade should flourish , we ought to have it open and free to flow in its own course . Commercial policy , in these days , was better understood than heretofore ; we ought not now to talk of - the balance of trade , a doctrine so antiquated , and so proscribed by all men of enlightened views , that it was only fit for dark ages , and ought to be exploded by the philosophy of modern governments . So long as the Orders in Council were acted upon , so long they were found to be destructive to trade ; and even their lordships , who were called upon , as friends of the ministers , to sanction the measure , as one of the soundest policy , soon afterwards had an opportunity of seeing those ministers themselves abandon that system . The result was , the moment a partial relaxation was adopted , the commerce of the country was benefited in the same proportion . on rising to make his motion for a Vote of their lordships ' Thanks to lord Gambier , began , by alluding to the motion of earl Grosvenor , for the letter of the Admiralty to lord Cochrane , which he still thought could not bear directly upon the present question : though his lordship admitted the right of any noble lord to make such parliamentary use of any paper produced , as he might think fit . He thought this was a case , in which party feelings ought not to be suffered to operate ; and adverted to the case of the Vote of Thanks to lord Keppel , and to the protest against the Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington for the glorious battle of Talavera . He considered the operations of the navy in Basque Roads , under the direction 349 and command of lord Gambier , as highly contributing to the honour , the advantage , and glory of the country , and fully deserving of their lordships thanks , the only reward almost which they had in their competence , to bestow . He could not agree with those who were so very nice and critical in voting the thanks of parliament to our brave officers . He never could reconcile himself to penuriousness in awarding to them the well earned meed of praise . The service that had been performed was of an unexampled description . The judgment , caution , and skill of the noble admiral under whom it was performed , as well as the courage and decision with which it was more immediately effected , called for their lordships ' tribute of approbation and gratitude . No service ever demanded reward more amply . It was with great surprise , that he first heard that a noble lord , serving under the noble admiral , and a member of another House , had intimated his intention to oppose the Vote of the House of Commons , on the ground that his commander had not done his duty to the utmost.—The noble lord then entered into the details of the affair , complimenting highly capt . Beresford and admiral Stopford , who , with 7 sail of the line , kept 11 sail in check . The fireships were ordered here on the 7th of March . On the 19th lord Gambier wrote that the French ships could be attacked , stating also the attendant risks . On that very day lord Cochrane arrived at Plymouth . He had , on a former occasion , been employed in blockading Rochefort , and was acquainted with the coasts . He was therefore consulted ; and he spoke with greater confidence of the success of the attempt than those who wrote from that quarter . It was not , however , merely the zeal and desire of exertion he