it was utterly ridiculous to suppose , that the ideas of the count La Lippe , as to the practicability of defending Portugal from invasion , could now be relied upon . In fact , nothing could be gained from the attempt , whilst the danger was certain . We should be allowed to retain Portugal , under our present system , just so long as Buonaparté thought proper . Yet the patrons of that system , the present ministers , still called for confidence ; and amidst all the calamities accumulated under their auspices , they had still the hardihood to speak of having gained important advantages for the country . But I would ask , said the noble lord , what have they gained ? The noble secretary of state boasts , that our country has obtained a higher character than it ever 531 possessed before in Europe ; which , by the way , I deny . But I would ask him , Has he gained his object ? Has he reduced the power of the enemy ? If I were to ask a chess player whether he had won his game , and he were to answer me that he had got a rook , or that he had got a bishop , what should I think of his answer ? Precisely as I do of that of ministers to this House ; who , when asked whether they have won their game with the enemy , reply , that they have gained honour , laurels and fame ; that still they are beaten—they have lost their game—they have played a desperate game for the last two years , and for the last two years they have gained nothing . Their administration has , in fact , been marked by the annihilation of every foreign hope , and the reduction of every domestic resource—they , who vaunted of their resolution and power to protect and liberate the continent , have only succeeded in bringing danger close to our own shores ; and why ? because they sacrificed the interests of the nation , and violated every principle of public duty to gratify their personal ambition , and personal cupidity . While they coveted the country with their tax-gatherers and supervisors , who were almost as great nuisances as the plagues of Egypt , they aggravated the insults and injuries they inflicted upon the people , by most wantonly squandering the produce of their exactions : Yet , these were the ministers who called for confidence ; while he was certain that he was speaking the language of 99 out of a 100 of the whole population of the country ; when he asserted , that such ministers deserved marked reprobation and exemplary punishment . was of opinion that government had neglected to avail themselves of the favourable opportunity for striking a decisive blow in the peninsula . He should feel much reluctance , however , at withdrawing our succours from Portugal , if without too great a risk we could assist her with any prospect of success . Her long attachment to this country , the sincerity of which had been so forcibly evinced at different periods , and most particularly in 1762 , was such , that we ought to feel it incumbent upon us to afford her every assistance in our power . He was unwilling to accede to the amendment , as he thought it would be unjustifiable to withdraw our troops before such a measure became absolutely necessary . He 532 however thought they ought to be well informed as to the co-operation they were to expect on the part of the Portuguese . Government should be careful not to add to the weight of the burden already borne by the people ; and to lighten the present as soon as possible . Though he could not bestow unqualified approbation on the measures of government with respect to the war in the peninsula , yet he would not withhold his assent to the address , and he thought his conduct both parliamentary and constitutional , when he declared that giving it his