their wishes to abolish sinecures ; and if they were in earnest , why should not they be equally desirous of getting rid of that baneful practice which turns offices , that were once efficient , into mere sinecure offices , to the great detriment of the public , and to the great injury of the service of the country ? This mode of granting reversions had also been applied to pensions , and did , in fact , controul the fair exercise of the crown , in the distribution of its bounty granted by parliament . The third point it would not be necessary to enlarge upon . His right honourable friend had never entered into the consideration of it in the same way as many others , who had conceived and encouraged alarms of trenching on the prerogative of the crown . This bill rather tended to restore the prerogative . It was well known and universally admitted , that the disposal of offices can only remain with the crown ; but it was equally certain that the crown ought to have the office to give , unencumbered at the time it was bestowed . Upon these grounds he would move , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill , to make perpetual the act which had just been read . '' seconded the motion . Although he felt the great respect which was due to the other House , yet he considered that it was the peculiar province of that House , as guardians of the public purse , to consider of measures which tended to lighten the burdens of the country . He conceived that it might be possible that the Lords should be somewhat too precipitate in the rejection of any thing which might appear to invade the royal prerogative ; but still it appeared , that any thing which regarded the expenditure of the country came more naturally under the controul of the House of Commons . It was true , that many important improvements had been introduced of late years and that in former periods of our history , the power of the crown was 256 less controlled in respect to granting offices and pensions than it was at present . It had been found necessary to limit the prerogative of the crown with respect to the Irish pension list ; nevertheless , the principle of that limitation can still be violated , as the act only refers to the amount of the pension list , and not to the period for which the pensions are granted . The consequence is , that since that restriction , whatever pensions are given in Ireland , are generally given for more than one life . He could not see any reason for preferring an annual bill to a perpetual one , as most abundant time had now been given , for the consideration of the subject , and gentlemen must have perfectly formed their opinions upon it . As to the prerogative of the crown , the bill had a greater tendency to increase than to abridge it . A gift of a place in reversion was not worth a sixth part of the real value of the place when the actual possession could be given . Considering the bill , therefore , as advantageous to the public , and not injurious to the prerogative , he should beg leave to second the motion . said , that this was a subject which had been so frequently before the House , that he did not think it necessary to trouble them at much length in expressing his sentiments . It was almost impossible that any novelty could now be produced on either side ; and the hon . gentlemen who had preceded him , appeared to have done ample justice to the side of the case which they supported . He felt himself however called upon to state his reasons for differing in opinion from them ; and he must in the first place recal to the recollection of the House that he had never yet given any opposition to the principle