When Buonaparté first issued a declaration threatening the invasion of Portugal , what was the situation of that country and of Spain . In Spain the influence of France was pre- 508 dominant ; her government was without energy , system , or principle ; Portugal possessed no adequate means of resistance , and it was moreover to be feared that the designs of the enemy against her would be favoured by the secret connivance if not the direct assistance , of the Spanish government . Under these discouraging circumstances what was then the determination of the British government : although they had a great army at their disposal , did they dissuade Portugal from making a vigorous resistance to the enemy ? Did they propose to abandon her to her fate ? Quite the contrary—not only did they signify to Portugal that she should have every aid from this country ; but a powerful army was actually prepared to co-operate in her resistance to the enemy . And here he might appeal to the language and the conduct held on that occasion by two of our ablest statesmen ; one a person of transcendaut abilities , now no mere ( Mr. Fox ) ; the other a person of abilities , perhaps , little inferior ( Mr. Windham ) : —Was it not the opinion of these distinguished persons , then members of the British government , that every aid should be afforded to Portugal to enable her to resist the progress of the French army ? That every means should be employed to stimulate her exertions for her own interests and for the vindication of her own independance . And when did we discontinue our efforts for the security of Portugal ? Not while the danger was urgent : but precisely at the moment when it had ceased ; and when the enemy was compelled by the state of affairs in other parts of the world , to postpone the execution of his designs against our ally . Such was the conduct of the British government upon that occasion ; and he should be ever ready to assert that it was a conduct most justly and wisely pursued . Such was the principle upon which they then acted , a principle the justice and policy of which had afterwards been sanctioned by their lordship 's approbation . Now how nearly do the principles acted upon in the present case assimilate with those which the British government adopted on that occasion . They had three objects in view : first to defend the country of Portugal ; Secondly , if that were found impracticable , to secure the defence of the Portuguese colonies and to facilitate the emigration thither of the Portuguese government ; and lastly , if every other resource failed , to rescue and save the Portuguese fleet in the 509 Tagus . The first object having been found impracticable , their attention was turned to the other two , and the Portuguese government and fleet were conveyed out of danger . In the present instance their lordships would feel that a question of still greater importance had arisen : Not only had we now to act on the original principles of the alliance with Portugal ; but also on the principle of assisting the great cause of Spain . Under that impression it was resolved that an effort should he made for the recovery of Portugal , and Portugal has been delivered not only on the principles of the old alliance but , also with a view to the assistance of the common cause . Had their lordships any reason to regret the efforts that had thus been made , or the adherence to the policy by which they were directed . It was never denied but that the defence of Portugal must be highly advantageous to the cause of Spain . It never was denied that Portugal was the most material military position that could be occupied for that purpose : It must therefore be acknowledged that the occupation of Portugal by British troops , is essential to any aid we can be expected to