service in Ireland to be placed in that district , a situation of which he had complained at the time to the commander in chief , and which , in fact , was like sending him to Siberia . Adverting to the statements of the noble lord , by whom the present discussion was commenced , he condemned the plan of purchasing horses at the early age at which they were now bought . Before these horses were fit for service , in the vulgar phrase , `` they ate their heads off . '' The Manx fencibles appeared to him an unnecessary expence . In the Isle of Man they were considered only as feather-bed soldiers , and the volunteers were deemed fully adequate to the defence of the island . The waggon train too , in his opinion , might be materially reduced . Let the British army go where they might , they would always get waggons enough . The hon . general concluded his speech by a warm defence of the character of the army . expressed the reluctance which he fell at addressing the House in the presence of so many members , who were much more competent to discuss the subject than himself ; a reluctance increased by the necessity under which he felt himself obliged to differ in some points from his right hon . friend . He trusted , however , that notwithstanding this partial difference of opinion , the sincerity of his attachment to his right hon . friend would remain unquestioned . Doing every possible justice to the ability displayed by the noble lord in the statement which he had that evening made , he confessed that in 618 that statement he was somewhat disappointed , as it did not realize all the expectations which he had entertained . He had no difficulty distinctly to declare , that he considered a diminution in our military expenditure essential if not indispensible to the existence of the country . To prove this he would enter into a consideration of the commercial situation of the country . After a statement of the comparative annual expenditure for several years past , he proceeded to detail the amount of the taxa-ation . In 1782 the annual taxes were ten millions . In 1792 they were fifteen millions . In 1801 they were 30 millions , and in 1809 , they were 60 millions . It appeared therefore that the amount of the taxes was six times what it was 27 years ago , four times what it was lo years ago , and double what it was eight years ago . To taxation , however , as to every thing else , all must allow that there were limits . The present taxes on consumption were , he presumed , carried as far as they could well be carried The direct taxes would perhaps admit of some increase , although they were nine times as great as they were in 1793 . Still , if the present expenditure were continued , our difficulties must multiply , and he conceived , that the greatest danger to which the country could be exposed , was a failure in its finances . The best mode of counteracting this evil , as in the affairs of a private individual , was not to shrink from the contemplation of the danger , but to look it boldly in the face for the purpose of adopting the best means to avert it . In this point of view , it would be well to enquire whether any inconveniences , resulting from a reduction of our military establishment , might not be more than counterbalanced by the financial advantages that would accrue from such a reduction . In support of this opinion , be made a comparison of the various amount of the different army estimates from the year 1801 to the present time . At the present time , the same preparation continued in an aggravated degree , that was made when the enemy was expected on our shores from week to week . In the amount of the staff this