language in Lord Wellington 's dispatches was exaggerated or inflated . If , instead of applying to the hon . gent . the House could apply to the British army , assembled in one body ; if they could apply to the enemy ; if they could apply to the people liberated , by the skill and ability of the noble lord , and the steady discipline and valour of his brave army ; they would tell them that not a cannon , not a carriage , nothing that constituted an army , escaped from this brilliant achievement . Yet this was denied 450 to be a service , where the enemy fled with so much loss , that the roads were covered with his magazines , exploded ; his mules , and beasts of burden , houghed or slaughtered ; his carriages broken to pieces , and his men , who were unable to follow his army , left to be cruelly massacred by an enraged and justly exasperated peasantry . This was no service , no victory with the hon . gent. , who , in the march from Talavera , could discover a retreat most disastrous and disgraceful.—The hon . gent . had then said , that the honours had been conferred , and that the pension was to follow , in compliance with the wishes of marquis Wellesley , and to secure his co-operation with the present ministry . But he asserted , without fear of contradiction , that if there was any man more anxious than another to confer honours and rewards upon lord Wellington , it was his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh , ) to whom the hon . gent . 's observations could not in the least apply . The honour and the reward had been deserved , and he would support the Resolution . He thought lord Wellington an honour to his country : he knew he was the boast of his contemporaries . Lord Wellington was honoured because he deserved honour , and he might say of him , as was finally said of Sir Ralph Abercromby , by lord Hutchinson , `` His name is an honour to his country—it will meet the applause of his co-temporaries , and be embalmed in the recollection of a greatful posterity . '' Under these circumstances , he never in his life could give a vote with more pleasure than he would , this night , give it for a pension of 2,000l . to lord Wellington . thought that his hon . friend ( Mr. Calcraft ) went too far in saying lord Wellington might in time become an excellent officer . He had unquestionably given most convincing proofs of his already being not only an excellent but a distinguished officer . He had not met in the course of his connections with a single military man who had not agreed that lord Wellington was a very distinguished military character . With respect to the affair of Talavera , was it nothing to have stopped the progress of a large French army ? was it nothing to have gained such an advantage over an army of twice the number of his own ? He thought the merit of lord Wellesley deserved every praise ; but if it came to be compared with that of lord Nelson at the 451 battle of the Nile , the capture of the French fleet , and the consequent expulsion of the French from Egypt , the comparison must fall very far short indeed . Sir Ralph Abercromby finished his career of life by a splendid victory which had been rewarded by the greatful acknowledgments of his country to his posterity.—Lord Wellington had , he hoped , many years of fortunate ability and professional distinction to go on with ; which would hereafter entitle him to the gratitude of his country . Much had been said in that House on the subject of party ; he was willing to acknowledge he was a party man ; he would always support a party whose conduct should be directed to the support of the vital interests of the