been made , he sat down . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Wharton ) then ( the hour being much farther advanced , ) brought forward a number of Resolutions for Miscellaneous Services , not one of which need necessarily be called for till after Easter . And , at two o'clock in the morning , those same gentlemen , who , at 10 o'clock , while the Inquiry was proceeding , were dying with fatigue , found themselves perfectly able to proceed to the discussion of a number of Irish propositions . Now , at four o'clock in the afternoon , the noble lord called on the Chair to have the order of the day read . All they desired was to proceed in the Inquiry till eight o'clock , after which the other business might proceed without impediment . This was a point he must particularly assert ; and he should see if the House of Commons having decided on the propriety of this Inquiry taking place at that particular time , were resolved to persevere in it , or were content , to suffer an accused and suspected administration to defeat the Resolutions of that House . did not consider this to be a question whether inquiry was intended or likely to be defeated . If he did he should readily concur in the motion of the noble lord , for reading the order of day . It was said , that one object of the inquiry was to turn out ministers ; he believed there was another object which went hand in hand with it , namely , the placing certain other gentlemen in their situations . This might create an impatience natural enough on the part of the gentlemen who stood in this situation ; but he could not consent , that , to gratify their feelings the whole public business of the country should be adjourned . When he was farther told that punishment was expected to follow , as well as removal from office , he felt himself still more imperiously called .on , not to decide without the most dispassionate and impartial consideration . When the House heard that they might be called on not only to remove ministers from office , but even to impeach and punish them , they would see additional ground for calm deliberation , and feel convinced that they should not proceed rashly , or without having fully and maturely considered the evidence on which they were to decide . thought the fair ques- 540 tion was , whether the House would support its own order for going now into the Committee ? And he saw no fair ground of objection to it . did not suppose that the motion of the noble lord was made with the view to prevent the Distillery bill from coming on ; the only question was whether the one or the other was most fit to be first discussed . The necessity of a speedy disposal of the Distillery bill must be apparent to every one . Was it clear that four hours would serve to exhaust the evidence of lord Chatham ? Last night the evidence finished at ten o'clock , but then there was an alter discussion of several hours ; and did gentlemen not think that there might be the same sort of discussion to night as to the particular time at which it should come on again . declared , that next to the object of his motion for supporting the order of the House , was his wish to accommodate lord Chatham , for whose examination this day was set apart ; and to whom he had given an intimation that his lordship 's attendance would be expected . Lord Chatham had assured him , that the ill state of his health would not allow of a very late attendance . His lordship was now in the lobby , waiting to be called in . His own anxiety , therefore , was chiefly on account of lord Chatham , to whom an unnecessary detention till one or two in the morning would not be