, as was , in a great measure , the plan in the navy ? He had blamed lord Wellington , when present in that House , for the convention of Cintra—for to him it was almost entirely to be attributed . He now blamed him for his rash advance into Spain . He might have known that it was first necessary to secure the supplies . From the days of Homer till now , armies could not march and fight without eating . He should think that he had not done his duty if he had not stated these opinions . He admitted that the army had gained great glory at Talavera . Never was there a greater display of intrepidity , fortitude , patience , and every thing which constituted the excellence of an army . But the conduct of the general was a totally distinct consideration , and that alone he blamed . observed , that he wished to introduce an Amendment in one part of the Address , and to that part he would confine what he had to say . He had on a former occasion observed , that there was in the Address no pledge on the part of the House to turn its attention to an economical reform . When taxes were collected almost to as great an amount , as the people could bear ; when such large sums had been prodigally wasted in the course of the last summer ; when the right hon . gent . had joined with him persons whose views of economy were so different from those generally entertained ; he particularly alluded to a Secretary of the Treasury ( Mr. Wharton ) , who had been Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means , and a member of the Finance Committee , in which he had evinced sentiments materially different from the Chairman , and was in a great measure the cause of the slow progress of that Committee . Under all these circumstances , 128 he thought that a pledge of this nature was requisite . Mr. Whitbread also noticed the modesty of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wharton ) , who , on a former night had expressed his hope that he would be able to learn to do his duty . But the misfortune was , that it was of the last importance that some one should have been placed in that situation who had learnt to do his duty before . The Amendment which he had to propose would be gratifying to a people , who , with a patience unexampled in any history , had submitted to a grinding system of taxation , at variance with the spirit of the constitution in which they had been accustomed to live . He had worded it in such a way , that he thought there could be no reasonable objection to it from any quarter . He concluded by reading his Amendment , the substance of which was , `` That injustice to the people , the House would , at the earliest opportunity , diligently apply itself to the effecting of such economical reform as might be consistent with the welfare of the state ; such as might be satisfactory to the feelings of the people , and , in some measure , prove an alleviation of their burthens . '' did not see the least occasion for this Amendment , his Majesty having promised that the Estimates for the current year should be prepared with the utmost attention to economy . The proposed Amendment would only serve to mark a suspicion of this promise , and to raise expectations in the people which could not be gratified . He then objected to the language in which the hon . gent . spoke of the pressure of the taxes on the people—a language which , in his opinion , could answer no good purpose whatever . He rather thought the Amendment alluded to those measures of economy which were under discussion last summer ; and , as he knew that an hon . gent . ( Mr. Martin ,