country was entrusted , had to say to this measure . Did they object to it or not ? The acting ministers of the crown were not present in the House , but there were some members of the government present ; and he desired to know from them their sentiments on the objection , and on the merits of the bill itself . rose to revive his motion of a former night , for a committee to inquire into the present state of Marine Insurance , and to enquire in what manner the public might be better accommodated . He said , he rose in consequence of the fate of his proposition on a former night , from the state of the House , to renew his motion for the appointment of a select committee , to consider of the act of Geo . I. for incorporating the London and Royal Exchange Assurance Companies , and also of the state of the means of effecting marine insurances in London . The hon . gent . repeated the arguments and statements with which he prefaced his motion on the former night , and concluded with moving , that a select committee be appointed . opposed it on the ground that the establishment proposed would be an invasion of the chartered rights of the existing companies . He should not object , however , to going into a committee , if it were to be an open one . went over the same ground of argument as on the former occasion . 496 He contended that the supporters of the petition wanted to exempt themselves from that responsibility on the whole of their property , which attached to individual underwriters . The consequence would be , that as the new company would be responsible only to the amount of its capital , if that company should at any time become insolvent , the individual members would still remain in affluence , and drive in their coaches by the persons who had been ruined by such insolvency . The underwriters at Lloyd 's often , to avoid litigation , paid for losses which they could not be compelled to make good . They were often , from such motives , induced to pay for vessels loaded with brick-bats and stones instead of goods , and even sometimes for vessels which were never in existence at all . A company , on the contrary , would look more narrowly into every case , and consequently litigation would be increased rather than diminished . In short , the supporters of the intended measure wished to engross to themselves all the profits of the brokers and underwriters . moved the order of the day for the attendance of J . Dean , the printer at the bar . interrogated him . Is your name Dean ? —It is . What is your Christian name ? —John . . John Dean , a complaint having been made to this House , that you had printed a paper reflecting upon its proceedings , and upon the conduct of some of its members , what have you to say for yourself respecting the offence you have committed ? . It was I that printed that paper . I was employed to print it by John Gale Jones . I have been employed by him in printing such papers for three or four years . I did not know that in printing that paper I was committing an offence against this honourable House . That paper was printed without my knowledge of its contents , as I did not see the press copy of it until after the whole impression was thrown off . I humbly beg pardon of this honourable House for my offence , and am ready to give up the manuscript , and to prove that it is the hand-writing of John Gale Jones . . You may withdraw . 497 Serjeant , take care that he does not depart.—On the printer having withdrawn , expressed his satisfaction , that the person at the bar appeared sensible of his offence , and not only expressed contrition