who were deserving of them ; still however , nothing appeared to him so absurd as the practice of granting places in reversion : places which would devolve upon persons of whose fitness it was absolutely impossible to form a judgment , who might , before the reversion fell into their hands , be incapacitated , in respect to their ability , their integrity , or any other necessary qualification or recommendation whatever . He conjured the House to attend to this measure , by the passing of which they would at least give to the public some idea that they were desirous of redeeming the pledge of economy they had made at the opening of the session ; by which they would shew that they were friendly to practical reform , and for which they would be rewarded by the gratitude of the country . His lordship concluded a very able speech , by moving the second reading of the bill . expressed a friendly disposition towards the provisions of this bill . It met with his approbation , as a subject of considerable importance , both as it regarded the grant of the offices themselves , and as it respected the just and anxious expectation for some measures of economy and economical reform , which had been raised in the public mind . The bill appeared to him expedient in many points of view , for it would remedy great evils arising out of the grant of offices in reversion . There was one consideration in particular which had a just claim to their serious attention , if the power now existed and was exercised in granting these offices , it often created listless anxiety 591 in the mind of the reversionists.—Many were induced to look forward with expectations , which ever prevented them from using those faculties and exerting those talents , which had they been placed in a different situation in society , might have produced advantage to themselves and to the country . This listless inactivity was followed by consequences of a most injurious nature—it frequently induced them to sell their reversion for an inadequate consideration—it often excited them to give way to pernicious habits , was often succeeded by pecuniary embarrassments , and sometimes terminated their lives in wretchedness and infamy . This injury would be removed by the present bill , and , therefore he conceived it would produce considerable good in its effects ; and it was on this ground that he was friendly to the principles of the bill . But an objection had been stated in the early stage of this measure , that it infringed the prerogative of the crown ; on this question he entertained considerable doubts in his own mind ; and , therefore , he should feel himself indebted to other noble lords for their opinions on the subject . He should think it advisable even that precedents should be examined on this occasion , to ascertain at what period , in passing a bill of this description to which the consent of the crown was necessary , it had been usual for the king to express his consent to its being further proceeded in . It was his opinion , that whatever the objection should be in respect to the prerogative , it was their lordship 's province and undoubted right to proceed till his Majesty 's consent would be necessary for their further progress . The only difficulty was , at what particular stage it might be fit and decorous to have his Majesty 's consent , when the question affected the prerogative of the crown . He believed it had been the usual practice and course of proceeding , when any bill affecting the property of the king had been brought into parliament , that his Majesty 's consent might be expressed at any time previous to the third reading . He entertained every due respect for the prerogative of the crown , and it was therefore his wish that this subject should be delayed until this difficulty could be removed , by examining precedents relative to this point . At the same