, and if through want of talent on their part in the cabinet , or valour in the field , the cause was lost , England was not to be blamed . The calumnies that had been uttered , were , he thought , sufficiently refuted . The valour displayed by our troops had raised our national character , as the more recent our victories were , the higher we stood in the estimation of Europe , and the greater was our internal security . begged their lordships to reflect , that not merely the conduct of ministers , but that of their lordships them- 534 selves , was upon trial on this occasion ; and the probable result of that trial , before an enlightened country , was entitled to the most serious consideration . Ministers , it appeared , pursued the old course upon this occasion . Instead of vindicating , themselves they endeavoured to criminate their predecessors . But if their predecessors were really criminal , why did not these ministers who were in possession of every information and document referring to their official conduct , do their duty , and make that criminality the subject of prosecution ? This , however , was not their object . They did not want to vindicate the cause of the public , but to get into our places ; and how have they acted in those places ? Their conduct , particularly in retaining Walcheren , after the main object of the Expedition was found unattainable , was most criminal . It was , I will say , as a lawyer , a murderous act . And yet they challenge , it seems , a motion for their dismissal . Such a motion is , indeed , suspended over their heads , and God knows it is of little consequence whether they are on or off . But as to the retention of Portugal , it is stated , that a native army is collecting in that country , and our money is to be sent there for its support . What fatality ! There really seems to be a sort of predestination which I will leave , to the reverend bench to explain , that whenever the French take any country or any prisoners , they shall have some of our money also . I can hardly account for the infatuation which possesses those men who suppose they can defend Portugal , by sending a supply of British money , there . It might as well , in fact , be expected to accomplish that by sending over the woolsack with my noble and learned friend upon it . The noble lord concluded with stating his intention to vote for the Amendment . was of opinion that ministers had a difficult game to play , but that it was indispensable that they should not be impeded in their proceedings . The Portuguese campaign might terminate well or ill , but it was a claim on British honour , that Portugal should not be deserted ; we had accepted from the prince the right of its protection , and we could not throw off the responsibility under which we had put ourselves , without proving that we had done our utmost to do our duty . could not understand the spirit in which noble lords were willing to 535 give their confidence to ministers without being assured that their confidence was deserved . We were obliged in honour to do what we could for Porugal without injury to ourselves . In honour—for that was the only motive that ought to interest the feelings or excite the hearts of this or any other people . But if we were to embark in the cause of that sinking people , we were not to load them with our imbecility , in addition to their own weakness . A great plan was necessary : nothing neutral or narrow , nothing minute , nothing temporary , could enter into the principle of such a plan , but for this , qualities were requisite , which no man could hope for in the present