. The general view of gallant officers was to obtain victory.—As to lord Gambier , he never heard he had pretended to have done any important or signal service on this occasion : his only merit seemed to consist in what he had omitted 230 to do . That omission might , indeed , have been wise and prudent ; but could never be the object of a vote of thanks . Ministers had , however , convicted themselves ; they had advised his Majesty to honour his noble colleague with a red ribbon , and to agree to the amendment of the right hon . gent . and to vote the thanks of that House to lord Gambier , would be in fact to strip him of all its value . How came ministers to appoint the noble lord , and aprove so highly of all he had done . If they gave a vote of thanks to lord Gambier , they would do injustice to his noble colleague . In the Minutes it appeared that his noble colleague made a signal for assistance at five o'clock in the morning , and none was given till two in the afternoon . The shoals and batteries had not been removed ; they remained the same as in the morning ; and if there was any danger in them , it was not greater in the morning than it was in the afternoon . Our ships were as likely to suffer from them at the one time as the other . Under these circumstances he thought it necessary the Minutes should be produced . It had been done in the case of colonel Cawthorne , which was of infinitely less importance to the public . He should conceive therefore he did not do his duty if he did not support the motion made by his noble colleague . said , the question was not as to the right of the House to call for the Minutes , but whether it was necessary to do sounder the circumstances of the case . This was not , as the hon . bart . had represented it , a case where the noble lord came forward , and stated reasons , as consisting with his own knowledge , for withholding the vote of thanks from lord Gambier ; but , on the contrary , one where , in consequence of insinuations thrown out by the noble lord , a court martial had already been held on lord Gambier , and he had been honourably acquitted ; the charge , or rather insinuation , thrown out against him being totally unfounded . He regretted the noble lord should esteem it a part of his duty to adopt the part he had taken after the decision of that court martial , on which all the evidence was wholly at variance with his ideas . He regretted that a gallant officer , who , undoubtedly , had rendered great service to his country , should have esteemed it necessary to set up his own opinion and experience against the opinion and experience of so many others . The hon . bart . was 231 wrong in supposing that the noble lord was charged with the enterprise ; whereas , on the second day , Captain Bligh , and the other captains of the line of battle ships , were those who performed the service . He was surprised the worthy baronet should say that the noble lord went to that attack unsupported , and that having the command that day , he made a signal which should have been honoured , but was not . That signal was only a communication to the commander in chief , as to which he was to form his judgment , and most of the officers in the fleet agreed it would have been a most extraordinary thing if he had acted upon it . did not deny that there might be cases in which the House might feel itself called on to interfere , even in cases of court-martial . Here , however , all the evidence was on one