, that the interest of the great mass of labouring peasants and manufacturers should be attended to , and that care should be taken that they should not be affected by a scarcity of corn , he thought also , in justice , that the prohibition should extend to Ireland . objected to the prohibition . denied that the average prices were higher now than in 1808 , and contended that they were the prices of a falling market . In the London market inferior barley was absolutely unsaleable . He was of opinion that the prohibition should not be continued . also stated , that the prices were those of a falling market . moved the order of the day for bringing Mr. John Gale Jones to the bar . Mr. Jones being brought accordingly , addressed him as follows : — '' John Gale Jones ; a complaint having been made to this House of the publication of a scandalous and libellous handbill , reflecting on the proceedings of this honourable House , and the conduct of certain of its members ; and the printer of the said hand-bill having been called to the bar of this House to answer for the said publication , alledged that you are the author thereof . What have you to say in your behalf ? '' answered , I acknowledge , Sir , that I was the author of that paper , and I am extremely sorry the printer has experienced any inconvenience on my account . .—Repeat what you have said . .—Have you any thing more to say in your behalf ? .— '' I sincerely lament that I 501 should have incurred the displeasure of this honourable House : and I trust they will not consider that , in what I have done , I was actuated by any sense of disrespect to its privileges , or the persons of any of its members individually , or that I had any other motive in mentioning the names of the two honourable members alluded to , save that they happened to be connected with a subject of public discussion . I have always considered it the privilege of every Englishman to animadvert on public measures , and the conduct of public men ; but in looking over the paper in question again , I find that I have erred ; I beg to express my contrition : and I throw myself on the mercy of this honourable House ; this House of Commons , which , as an important branch of the constitution , has always had my unfeigned respect . '' then addressed the House , and put the question , `` That the said John Gale Jones , in having been the author of the said paper , and having caused the same to be printed , has been guilty of a gross breach of the Privileges of this House . '' This question was carried nem . con . then rose and said , that after the vote just passed , he thought it impossible the House should not follow it up by some further resolution , which should mark its own sense of the insult offered to its high authority , by the person now at the bar , and by making a proper example , warn such persons from taking upon them to comment in such a way upon the proceedings of that House , and the conduct of its members . As to himself , he could appeal to the opinions of those who knew him best , whether during the twenty years he had been a member of that House , he had ever evinced a disposition for personal severity . If an hon . baronet , who made some observations on this subject last night , were now in his place , he should say something in answer ; but as he was absent , he should refrain . For the present , he should only say , that from the frequency of those comments , insulting to the dignity of that House and the persons of its members , which