. On the first day of the session he had heard one side of the House arraigning the other as utterly incapable of fulfilling the duties of office . That might or might not be true . But the other side retorted that they were at least as competent as their adversaries , and that they possessed at least an equal share of the public confidence . Now , for what he knew , the country at large , with a very civil kind of impartiality , might believe both parties.—The inference which he would draw from this circumstance was , that the House should guard against adding to the unfavourable impression which such mutual accusations were calculated to produce . His right hon . friend had called him a counsel for the press . If he was so , he was an unfeed 341 one . He was proud of the appellation . But he confessed that he was a good deal surprised when his right hon . friend put in his claim to a share of the distinction . His right hon . friend had , by implication , questioned the use of the liberty of the press ! Could his right hon . friend have been serious ? Give me , said Mr. Sheridan , but the liberty of the press , and I will give to the minister a venal House of Peers—I will give him a corrupt and servile House of Commons—I will give him the full swing of the patronage of office—I will give him the whole host of ministerial influence—I will give him all the power that place can confer upon him to purchase up submission and overawe resistance ; and yet armed with the liberty of the press , I will go forth to meet him undismayed ; I will attack the mighty fabric he has reared with that mightier engine ; I will shake down from its height corruption , and bury it beneath the ruins of the abuses it was meant to shelter . ( Hear ! hear ! ) His only object in the motion which he had submitted to the House was , not to prevent any individual member from clearing the gallery , but to require that after he had done so , he should condescend to give some reason for the step . The right hon . gent . opposite said , it was his humour . That was the very thing of which he complained . If , after the exclusion of strangers , the House should acquiesce in the propriety of the motives for that exclusion , the public would then be satisfied . To some of the opinions of his right hon . friend , he had listened with the greatest regret , and even horror . For the first time in his life , he had almost wished that the public had been excluded from hearing his opinions The friendship which he had long entertained for his right hon . friend , and his regard for his right hon . friend 's character and honour , struggling with his own sense of public duty , had nearly induced him to regret that there was a single stranger present to listen to or report his sentiments . His right hon . friend had asserted a broad general principle , that the publication of the proceedings of parliament was injurious to the country . He had declared , that when the doors of the gallery of that House were closed , the country had done well . He ( Mr. S. ) was not one of those who thought or spoke despondingly of the situation , or degradingly of the character of the country . On the contrary , he was of opinion that 342 Great Britain stood on a proud eminence , struggling as she was , and successfully struggling as he hoped she would be , for the liberties of the world . To what was it owing that she was able to maintain such a contest , and bid defiance to that powerful enemy , who had already overthrown every power