was peculiarly to be remarked . In 1801 , when the French threatened instant invasion , and when Buonaparté had no other enemy to contend with , the whole expence of the staff was 85,000l . This year , when the necessity for it was certainly not so great , it amounted to 286,000l . The whole of our 619 regular force at that present moment was about 270,000 men . Allowing one third to be ineffectual , there would remain 180,000 regular troops for the defence of the country . With the militia , the local militia , & c. 400,000 men might immediately be called into action . Now , when the usual force of the country was considered , and the various obstacles with which an enemy would have to contend in in an attempt at invasion , it appeared to him that a great part of this force might be dispensed with , and the security of the country remain undiminished . There was one point however , to which he wished particularly to call the attention of the executive government . He did not wish to throw out any invidous imputation , but he did not conceive that the different military departments were sufficiently superintended . The efforts of each department were carried beyond the necessity for them . If in building a mansion , the owner , devoid of any plan , left his workmen of every description to follow each his own idea of strength , or beauty , or usefulness , his materials would prove insufficient , and his edifice become disproportioned . In the cavalry , for the sake of illustration , he thought a considerable reduction might be made . The plan of buying horses at two years old was highly inexpedient ; for by the time they were fit for service their keeping would cost at least 150l . It had been declared by high military authorities that in case of an invasion it would probably take place in a part of the country in which cavalry could not act . The superabundance of the cavalry was confessed by the noble lord in his admission that it was impracticable to procure horses for them all . Those who were not mounted must necessarily be inefficient . He wished that the cavalry should be reduced from their present number ( 2,000 ) to the number in which they could be kept in an efficient state.—After some observations on the Manx fencibles , he proceeded to particularize the excess of the staff in Great Britain . In Scotland there were 11 generals to command 11,000 men . Nor was he aware of the necessity for any staff in the Middlesex district , conceiving as he did , that the large staff at head-quarters must be amply sufficient for the government of that district . Adverting to the dissatisfaction expressed by a gallant general at the situation which he held as a commander of a district , he confessed that he 620 thought his Majesty 's government ought to relieve that gallant general from such a provocation . With respect to the waggon train he agreed entirely with that gallant general in his opinion of them . They were an annoyance on foreign service and useless at home.—After stating various other modes in which the military expenditure of the country might be advantageously curtailed , he observed , that some persons might think that the suggestions which he had thrown out were the result of some political feeling , and that others might think , that if he entertained those opinions formerly he ought before to have expressed them in the House . The opinions which he had just stated , he had always entertained ; but when in office he had considered it his duty to state them only to his superiors , convinced as he was that the revision and retrenchment which appeared to him so desirable could be beneficially effected by the executive government alone . Buonaparté had , in a late public document , anticipated an existence of thirty years . He ( Mr. H. ) was anxious