language and disorderly conduct required an appeal to the authority of the whole House . Called upon by the House to excuse your misconduct , you aggravated your first offence , by insulting its dignity . And when committed to a custody which 651 ought to have been obligatory , alike upon your person and your honour , you forcibly broke from that restraint , and entered these walls with clamour and outrage unparalleled . `` This is the head and front of your offending . For my own part , I may state , with most perfect sincerity , that in no period of this transaction have I experienced any other sentiments than those of deep concern and regret , in common with the whole House , that any honourable member should have placed himself in your situation . And we are now willing to believe , from what was expressed in your behalf at the close of the same evening , when these events occurred , and from what has been represented again to us , during this day , that you feel a due sense of your own misconduct and errors . `` The moderation with which this House has visited your offence demands your most humble and most grateful acknowledgments . But let not this considerate forbearance lead you to mistake its motive , or to neglect its warning . For if , unhappily , you should at any future time relapse into the same or similar practices , there will probably remain but one step more to be taken , for rescuing the authority of this House from inevitable disgrace , and removing the possibility of your continuing so presumptuous a contest . `` For your past misconduct I am enjoined now to reprimand you , and you are hereby reprimanded accordingly ; You are moreover discharged out of custody , paying your fees . '' Ordered , nem . con . That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker , in reprimanding the said Mr. Fuller , be entered in the Journals of this House . presented a Petition of the catholics of the county and city of Waterford , setting forth , `` That notwithstanding the several Petitions which had , on former occasions , been respectfully laid before the House , praying a repeal of the penal statutes affecting their body , have not hitherto been attended with success , they now conceive , from the extraordinary circumstances which have occurred , that they not only are warranted , but that it is become an imperative duty again to appeal to the tribunal of the House ; and that the enjoyment of freedom , well understood , is the best security for national independence ; from it alone can spring that enthusiasm , which , at the 652 present important and momentous crisis , is essential to the defence , perhaps to the existence , of the empire ; and that the petitioners can not be charged with any political delinquency , on the score of religious tenets no objection can be made to their claims ; whereas foreigners of their persuasion , without connection or property in the country ( of whose sincerity and loyalty the petitioners entertain no doubt ) , are admitted to posts of trust and honour , from which the petitioners are excluded ; and that this political anomaly , this inversion of things , is unnatural as it is unaccountable ; nor is it less so that catholics of the 19th century should be deemed unworthy to enjoy the great charter of liberty which those of the 13th obtained and secured , and which forms the pride and boast of Englishmen of the present day ; and that , with glowing admiration , the petitioners beheld the names of their country shine conspicuous in the annals of glory in foreign climes ; their valour can only be equalled by their fidelity ; they can not lament the hard fate that refused them protection and encouragement ; under the banners of a British King they would emulate them in the field of fame , but would