contest in Spain , to this country would always remain the proud satisfaction of having done its duty . He trusted they would never abandon Spain , so long as any hope remained of the possibility of ultimate success . Their lordships were bound by every sentiment of honour and good faith to support a people who had given proofs of honour , of good faith , and of bravery , that have not been exceeded by any nation that has ever existed . said , that if the question between the adoption of the Address and the Amendment were such as the noble secretary of state had assumed—if no other alternative was left than the abandonment of Portugal , or the rejection of the Amendment , he had no hesitation in stating , that he would be among the first to reject it . But the nature of the Amendment was quite misunderstood , or , if not misunderstood , misrepresented by the noble secretary . It appeared to him to call merely for inquiry , with a view to the adoption and arrangement of a different system of policy for the conduct of the war . If the system pursued by his Majesty 's ministers had corresponded with his views , he should have continued to maintain it conformably to the sentiments which he had on a former occasion expressed upon the subject of Spain . Every moment 's reflection , indeed , satisfied him of the justice of these sentiments—But yet the noble lord was not entitled to call on him for support , inasmuch as the conduct of his government did not correspond with those sentiments . The propriety of interfering in the concerns of Spain , and the mariner of directing that interference , were quite distinct questions ; and sorry he was to find , that much as he approved of the former , he saw nothing but what he must censure in the latter . Instead of encouraging and promoting the cause of Spain , that cause seemed in the measures conducted under the direction of ministers , but a secondary object . Instead of taking such a position in Spain as might afford , not only to the people of that country , but to any of the subjects of the enemy interested 530 in the same cause , a strong rallying point , our army was sent to an extreme point , where , in fact , it had scarcely to calculate upon meeting any formidable enemy.—Was this a course pointed out by wisdom or valour ? What , he would put it to their lordships , should we say of the capacity of a Russian general , who , being ordered to invade England should effect a landing , and attempt even to establish himself in Cheshire , instead of approaching the centre of the country , Instead of venturing to the vicinity of the capital ? What would the Russian cabinet be likely to think of such an officer ? Yet the course which , under our enlightened cabinet , the commander of our army took in the Peninsula , was precisely of a similar nature . He entered Portugal when he ought to have landed in Spain . When Buonaparté had proceeded to attack Austria there were two lines of policy marked out for our ministers , neither of which , though obvious , did they think proper to follow . They ought to have promptly aided Austria , or availed themselves of the Austrian war to expel the French force from Spain . But instead of vigorously applying their means to either object , they attempted nothing that wisdom could sanction or the country approve . Every thing , indeed , which they did attempt was marked by imprudence and mismanagement ; their whole career betrayed , as the universal opinion of the public pronounced , a total want of judgment , foresight and vigour ; and , as the climax of error , they now seemed resolved to defend Portugal , according to a plan of defence , too , which was perfectly impracticable . For