near him would not have been in that situation which he now held , if any body else would have accepted it ; and he asked , if there was not now a vacancy to fill up in the board of controul , which had been allotted and offered to a noble lord who had refused to accept it . The right hon . gent . talked of ministers being the defenders of the crown , but he denied their title to that character ; they ought rather to be called the tools of the crown instead of its defenders , when , in defiance of repeated majorities in that House—in defiance of the contempt of the whole nation , they still continued in administration . He then adverted to the bill which had lately passed the House respecting Reversions , and said , he verily believed the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have opposed that bill , and endeavoured to have thrown it out , if he had dared to venture to come to a vote . He commented with considerable severity on the Use that had been made of sinecure 390 places , and asked if another sinecure place was to be given to a public accountant to enable him to vacate his seat , that he might escape before the House could lay hold of him . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , the influence of the crown had not increased since the year 1780 . He was astonished to hear such language : let the House but look at the immense increase of the revenue , and they would find the increase of influence was such , that it pervaded every part , every corner of the kingdom , and branched out into so many channels , that they would scarcely meet a family , even of the highest classes , as well as others , that was not most materially influenced by it . He thought he could not vole against the proposition if it was to come to a vote , but he hoped the hon . gent . would agree to withdraw it . said , that if either of the hon . gentlemen would point out a -mode by which the public and himself might bet satisfied that the business was not to be abandoned , but would be brought forward at some time not far distant , he would withdraw his motion ; if not , he should now persevere in it , though not a man in the House were to divide with him . A right hon . gent . of great talents , told the House , that they should all be of some party ; he supposed he meant we should all wear some distinguishing colour . Was Cicero , however , of any party ? Were the Scipios of any party ? No , they stood for the good of their country . If the hon . gent . would pledge himself seriously to bring the business forward at some early day , he would consent to withdraw his motion . said , he would undertake , at a very early period , to bring the matter before the House asked , when ? replied , on Thursday . then , with the leave of the House , withdrew his motion . could not suffer this motion to pass without expressing his disapprobation 391 of the mode of proceeding adopted by the right hon . gent . It was most extraordinary that be should submit such a motion to the House , without saying a single word to explain the grounds on which he considered it right for the House to sanction it ; because he could not have brought forward a measure more important than this to the public interest . When the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in 1808 , called on the House to prohibit the distilling from grain , he thought it necessary to institute a previous enquiry by a Select Committee , and on the report of that Committee , and what he considered a proof of a deficient