expected that the conduct of the Expedition would be enquired into . He thought , therefore , it was extremely to be lamented , that his Majesty 's ministers had not instituted proper inquiries into both the branches of the service , naval and military , and by that means enabled themselves to come prepared to meet parliament . His Majesty 's government would then have placed themselves in a 580 situation more favourable and fortunate both for the country and themselves . Even if the opinion had been , that blame was no where imputable he should naturally have supposed , that one of the first steps to be taken by his Majesty 's ministers would have been to call for narratives of their transactions , both from the earl of Chatham and sir R. Strachan . Indeed , so well satisfied was he that that would be the course pursued , that he actually came prepared , on the first day of the session to ask for the narratives of both the commanders , and was only withheld from taking that course because he was told that government had not required , nor obtained any such statements . He found , from every information he could collect , that no such thing as a narrative existed . And after the speech from the throne he had made up his mind , as he believed most persons did , that no such narrative was in being . The fact however turned out to be otherwise , the narrative did exist , but it did not seem to exist to any efficient or beneficial purpose ; it did not seem intended to make part of the documents upon which they were to form their judgment in the inquiry , nor upon which the executive government itself was to form its judgment . A narrative , then , had thus been found to exist , which though written on the 14th of October did not make any part of the documents on which the executive government formed its opinion that no inquiry was necessary . The House was hereby placed in a very embarrassing and almost unprecedented situation . Lord Chatham ( when he spoke of that noble lord , he begged the House to believe that it was with every sentiment of respect and affectionate regard , both from what was due to him personally , and from that high regard and esteem which he should ever entertain for the memory of his much-lamented and illustrious friend , Mr. Pitt , who was so nearly related to him ) was , it was true , at the time of the Expedition , a cabinet minister , and a privy-counsellor . In this situation lord Chatham was called on to command the Expedition ; and as soon as he accepted that command , he became as responsible for his conduct as any other officer in the army , or any man in the ranks . Then , if this was , as he took it to be , undeniable , he could not see upon what principle that noble lord , or any other person entrusted with such a command , had a right to cut out for himself a royal read to the King 's audience . 581 He was , no doubt responsible to the King , but that responsibility ought to have been addressed through the regular and ordinary channel . As one of the cabinet , he was responsible equally with the rest of his colleagues in office , for the wisdom or policy of the Expedition , to the country and to parliament ; but , as the commander of the Expedition , he was responsible through his secretary of state to the King . There was nothing in the principles and character of the constitution of this country , which said , that any thing of a mixed nature was the consequence of his being a privy-counsellor , which entitled him to exemption from the usual responsibility attached to a commander in chief of an Expedition . He should therefore have conceived that the Narrative