executive power , armed with all its influence , could not turn a little footpath across his own park , what were we to think of those men who would dare to block up the great highways to the subjects hereditary right of Petition and Remonstrance . The right of Petition was 117 the subjects ' high road to the throne—the Revolution opened that road , and it was essential to the health of the constitution that it should he kept at all times open , But to say nothing more upon the abstract right of the subject to Petition—to say nothing more of the peculiar weight and respectability of the party exercising that right in the present instance , he wished to ask , if the occasion of the Petition was not of a nature to justify the exercise then made of that privilege ? Had the corporation no grounds for petition or remonstrance in our calamities abroad , and our sufferings at home ? Was the act of petitioning altogether impertinent and unprovoked by any of the late or passing events of the day ? Whatever cause might be assigned for the seemingly unaccountable treatment the city of London had met with , he felt confident that it could not be attributed to any such motives . And , indeed , he could not help observing , with regret , that the present was by no means a solitary instance of encroachment upon the right of petition . In the whole course of his present Majesty 's unfortunate reign , were to be found repeated instances of the same insulting indifference towards the exercise of this invaluable and indisputable privilege.—The next point to which he had to advert was , what appeared to him a violation of the usages of that House ; it had been the custom to submit to the members of the House a copy of the King 's Speech , at least one day before the meeting of Parliament ; but on the late occasion , the great majority of the House were ignorant of the Speech till it was read from the chair—Another circumstance which he had , by the way , to advert to , was , that when they broke up last session , they were in possession of the circumstances of that foul and scandalous job respecting Chelsea hospital . But what would the House now think , when they were told that , notwithstanding all his exertions to defeat that job , it had been recently concluded upon , and the grant made out ? Did ministers suppose that this sort of precipitance was the way to stop all further inquiry ? They would find themselves deceived if they thought so , for it was his intention to move at a future day for the revocation of the grant in question . He had left ministers a fair retreat , they had not taken the advantage of it , and he was determined to follow up what he had already attempted , in order to defeat that job.—He should now pass to 118 the more immediate consideration of the Speech itself . And , in the first place , he thought the Speech singularly defective ; the King 's Speech at the opening of Parliament ought to be a general exposition upon every prominent event and extensive operation that had occurred during the recess ; and not a mere milk and water composition , full of unmeaning generals that could not be disputed , and the truth of which had neither importance nor application . It ought not to be that kind of composition , so cautiously modelled and shaped by the apprehensions of ministers , so as to slide harmless through discussion . The present Speech said nothing of the state of our affairs in India ; and as to what it did say , there was a passage towards the conclusion of it , that he thought deserved more animadversion than it had yet met with ; he meant that part that was tacked to the Speech , relating to a provision for the poorer order of