Majesty 's ministers could give such a pledge for their actions and for their statements.—I now move , Sir , `` That there be laid before this House , a copy of the Minutes of the Trial of admiral lord Gambier , held on board his Majesty 's ship the Gladiator , in Portsmouth harbour , on the 23rd of July 1809 . Also the original Minutes taken day by day by the deputy judge advocate . '' seconded the motion . On the question being put , said , he could not content himself with giving a silent vote on the present question . The noble lord who made the motion had , in his opinion , cast a severe reflection on the court and on the witnesses . He knew every member of that Court Martial ; and he believed they were officers of as high honour and character as the noble lord . He also knew the witnesses ; and he believed them in the highest degree worthy of credit . He himself had been a very strong witness against what had been done by lord Cochrane . ( A cry of order ! ) He begged pardon : he found he had unintentionally transgressed a rule of the 226 House in mentioning the name of a member—it was owing to want of experience of parliament , he had much rather be at sea he could assure them , than speaking in that House . ( A laugh . ) He had said on the Court Martial what he then repeated ; that had lord Gambier acted as the noble lord who made the motion wished him to do , he would have disgraced himself , and our ships would have been on shore . The noble lord had forgot how he formed his charts and log-books in favour of the evidence to be adduced before the Court Martial . He hoped the House would do him the justice to believe that he was actuated by no motive but a sense of public duty ; in thus declaring his sentiments and in opposing the motion of the noble lord . spoke nearly as follows : —Mr . Speaker , I can not content myself with giving a silent vote on a question that so materially affects the vital interest of the profession to which I have the honour to belong . Sir , I do not comprehend the object of the noble mover in calling for those Minutes to be produced to this House . Is it the intention to try lord Gambier again , or to put the members of the Court Martial on their defence , who had been appointed to try his lordship ? If it is , what , in God 's name , would be the situation of officers in the navy ? If these are not the objects , what then are they ? It has been said , that the Minutes might justify the acquittal of lord Gambier on a charge for life or death , yet that they might shew him not to be entitled to the thanks of this House ; —surely , Sir , an . investigation of them for this purpose would savour more of persecution than of justice . Lord Gambier 's conduct , in the affair of Basque-road , has already been investigated before two competent tribunals ; —first , before the board of admiralty ; and , secondly , by a court martial , composed , I will venture to say , although not acquainted with all its members , of as honourable men as any country or any service can boast . To try his lordship after this , or here to try the merits of the court martial , I think would be as unjust as injurious to the service , and consequently I shall give my vote against producing the Minutes , unless some reasons shall be offered in support of the motion very different from any yet submitted , or any that I can anticipate . called upon the House to consider well what they were about , be-