from Somerset House to Dorset Square , he should shew that one officer , the secretary , was pensioned off at his full salary of 500l . and an assistant appointed in his stead at a raised salary of 1,000l . being exactly double what the former officer had.—In addition to all these cases , he had another not less worthy of the attention of that House to advert to , namely , the creation of several new offices , with very unmerited salaries annexed—salaries for which no duties of correspondent value were to be performed . These practices took place amongst the commissioners of the navy , and the new offices were given to the members of the Committee of these commissioners . One gentleman , for acting as chairman of that Committee , was allowed 200l . in addition to his former salary of 1,000l . and each of the members had an additional 150l . But to entitle these gentlemen to such augmentation of income , no additional duties were required of them . All the business they had to do was performed within the usual hours of their sitting , and in the Committee-room ; so that he should contend that no additional salary ought to have been allowed to them.—Having said thus much , in order to satisfy the House as to the grounds of his bringing these subjects under consideration , he should not trespass longer upon its time , but conclude with moving , `` That there be laid before the House copies of all letters which passed between the lords commissioners of the admiralty and Mr . Butt , late clerk in the Navy Office , relative to his claims 429 for compensation , and his subsequent resignation , between the 1st of May , 1809 , and the 16th of January , 1810 ; and also , copies of all letters which passed between the first lord of the admiralty and that person within the same , period . '' , observing that the hon . gent . had divided the object of his motion in his notice under two heads , one as relating to the admiralty , the other to the barracks , said , that of course it could not be expected that he could speak to the latter part . As to what had been said by the hon . member relative to the case of Mr . Butt , he must be allowed to say , that he misrepresented the case itself , as much as he had done what he ( Mr. Ward ) had communicated to him on that subject since his coming to the House that day . The hon . member had represented him as having said , that the practice he denounced , namely , the sale of offices , was not an abuse . Now , he had never said so , nor was he of that opinion . He had asked for the date of the case respecting Mr . Butt , because he had never before heard of it . He supposed it , however , to have been a case of the sale of an office . Such a case , he knew , was abstractedly an abuse ; but , if the practice was sanctioned by long usage , it could not justly have been considered criminal in those concerned in it . As well might it be considered criminal in judges to sell offices in the courts of law , though the parliament recognized their right to dispose of them for money . The noble person whose name had been mentioned by the hon . gent . Could , he was convinced , have no objection to the fullest investigation of every transaction which took place during his official service . But before the House should sanction such an inquiry , it was bound to see that good grounds were laid for it . What was the fact ? In 1786 , a Committee was appointed to inquire into the extent and propriety of fees . Lord Barham , then sir C. Middleton , who