united in theory , but to be inseparable in fact ; and yet it was but too notorious , that there were many persons who concurred in thinking not only that that House had not the confidence of the country , but that it did not deserve to have that confidence . Most assuredly it was an ill-advised mode of obtaining the general confidence to shut the nation out from obtaining information on au inquiry of the greatest magnitude , respecting which the most lively sensibility had been excited and towards the result of which every eye was steadily and anxiously directed . explained . He never intended to attribute all the changes that had taken place during the last thirty years to the publicity of the proceedings of Parliament , but had merely mentioned that publicity as one cause of those changes , and added , that he was not aware of any material good consequences that had resulted from that practice . said , he must protest , as long as these Standing Orders continued in force , against the supposition , that there was any necessity for a member who should move to enforce the Order , to account for the reasons which induced him so to do . He had felt it to be his indispensable duty to move the Order on the present occasion , from a consideration of them any misstatements , which went forth to the public last year on a very important inquiry before that House . Having stated this , he would remind the House what it was that they were about to do , in entering into any such inquiry as that in which they had been recently engaged . It was no less than performing their great function as the grand inquest of the nation . The grand jury of a county , which was the common inquest , never admitted strangers to be present during the time of their examining evidence . How , then , could it be thought an unwarrantable use of their undoubted privilege , to exercise it at a time when the House was employed in its inquisitorial functions ? —With regard to misrepresentations , could gentlemen see nothing of inconvenience , of mischief in the effects of such misrepresentations , forwarded daily throughout the country ? He thought this a consideration in itself of no ordinary importance . A right hon . gent . had asked , why they had 334 not proceeded in the same manner in the course of a memorable inquiry last year . He regretted most sincerely they had not , and for his part he took shame to himself , that he had not then enforced the Standing Order . He declared , before God and his country , that if he had had a notion of the real nature .of the case , or of the manner in which it afterwards turned out , he would then , as he did in the present instance , have performed what he thought his public duty . The Standing Order in question was a most ancient Order—this principle was to be found , perhaps , in the original constitution of that House . He solemnly deprecated any injudicious interference with their ancient Orders : under God the maintenance of the commonwealth was owing to the support of the privileges of that House , the support of their privileges was essential to the support of their authority , and notwithstanding what had fallen from a noble lord , he thought the support of the authority of that House essential to the maintenance of the commonwealth . , in explanation , said , that he had not lent himself at any one period to any vulgar cry , nor had he said that any such influence ought to have weight with an honest representative of the people in discharging his duty to his constituents . But he well remembered when the right hon . gent . was in office , that that right hon . gent . and his colleagues urged , as an objection to the opinions of certain gentlemen