assent under this qualification , he threw the whole of the responsibility on his majesty 's ministers . adverting to what had fallen from the noble viscount , who had just spoken , relating to the conduct of Portugal in 1762 , wished to God the situation of affairs was as favourable for England as at that period . The government of that day had prudence , wisdom , and energy . The present ministers differed as much from them as the feeble government of Louis the 15th did from the energy of that government which now unfortunately wields the sceptre and resources of France . It was never good policy to copy our own proceedings on a former period , and regulate our conduct by geographical maxims when circumstances were changed . Were they , after the melancholy experience they had already felt , again to expose the army to new disasters , while yet mourning the 12,000 already lost ? Were the remaining resources of the country to be entrusted to those who had wasted the former , and who now unblushingly called for renewed confidence ? It was always bad policy to become principals in a continental war , and such we should be if the proposed force was to be kept up in Portugal . The army with which we were to co-operate was not to be depended upon . He could by no means agree in the praises that were bestowed en the Portuguese or on their armies . When did they shew themselves worthy of this implicit confidence , or abounding with this exuberance of affections ? Was it at Vimiera , where they were not trusted with the conduct of a single operation ? Was it at the time that sir John Moore marched into Spain , when he was obliged to weaken his army , and leave 10,000 men behind him at Lisbon , to keep the population in awe , and prevent them from rising on their own government ? The noble secretary , who 533 made the original motion , had stated , that the breach by which the French entered Spain , was the vile government by which that country was delivered over to them , bound as it were hands and feet . But did the noble marquis know of no other vile government , and was not the same danger and consequences to be apprehended from it ? But it was said , that the occupation of Portugal would delay the subjugation of Spain . How delay it ? In the same way he presumed that the occupation of Walcheren retarded the submission of the court of Vienna . Was that occupation to be maintained without loss ? No ; we should there , as at Walcheren , lose one thousand every month . After our recent and severe losses , it was a question if humanity , policy , safety , and future existence would justify such an appropriation of our army , when not a single minister dared to say he thought the measure would be ultimately crowned with success . After our recent losses at Walcheren we ought not again to expose ourselves to the effect of a system so ruinous , at least without deeply reflecting , and having proper information on the subject , instead of assurances which had been uniformly lavished to deceive . considered the opposition of the noble marquis as rather levelled against ministers than against the measure under consideration . If he wished ministers out of their places , why did he not call for their dismissal , rather than attempt to tie up their hands while in office . With respect to Portugal , if it was intended to abandon her to her fate , it would be better to give her notice at once of such an intention , that she might know on what she had to depend , and make the best terms she could with the enemy . Our sacrifices , he contended , had at least afforded our allies a better chance than they could otherwise have had in the unequal struggle