all consistent with the principles they professed . They boasted that they were actuated solely by a view to the good of the country , and he had no reason to doubt their sincerity , but at the same time they were for pushing on the Inquiry now before the House to the prejudice and delay of other important business , in which the public interest was deeply concerned . He took it for granted that their real object was the removal from office of his Majesty 's present ministers . If that was a measure calculated to do good to the public , the advantage to be derived from it could only be of a prospective nature ; while by the delay of other business requiring instant dispatch , immediate loss and inconvenience would be occasioned . There were now before the House for discussion , on this night , regulations of trade and revenue , which must be interrupted by acceding to the motion of the noble lord , and from such delay considerable 538 public inconvenience must ensue . Thus were the noble lord and his friends , while they professed to study and promote the public good , pressing on the Inquiry at certain detriment to the country . It could not , he submitted , signify whether the dismissal of his Majesty 's ministers , which was with gentlemen on the opposite side the summum bonum , was carried atone time or at another ; but if the Distillery regulations , which were by law to exist only for forty days after the meeting of parliament , and of which about thirty were already run , were allowed to expire , great inconvenience and detriment to the public would ensue . said , that in two points only he must coincide with the hon . gent. , namely , that to-morrow was future , and also that his noble friend , and those who sat on the same side of the House with him , thought they had the good of their country at heart . He begged the hon . gent . 's pardon : he must agree with him in one other remark ; that they wished for the removal of the present ministers . They did so , and not only did they desire their removal , but their punishment also . The hon . gent . said , it could be of little consequence when this was effected . When , however , they saw the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer associated with earl Chatham at the head of the Ordnance , and lord Mulgraveat the head of the Admiralty , concerting measures for sending out fresh troops to Portugal and Cadiz , was it not reasonable that they should desire to bring the inquiry to as speedy a termination as possible . They did not , however , wish that other business should be postponed . On the contrary , delay seemed altogether to be the object of the gentlemen on the other side , and a studied system of machinery seemed to have been adopted for this purpose . He begged to remind the hon . gent. , that his noble Iriend was in possession of a vote of the House , giving the precedence to his motion , which vote had not been rescinded . It was somewhat remarkable to observe the unwillingness gentlemen opposite shewed to proceed in the inquiry . At ten o'clock the other night , their constitutions were so exhausted , they could not submit to have a few questions put to sir Eyre Coote ; finding themselves , however , nearly run , one right hon . gent . the secretary for the Home Department got up and made a speech , which , having heard of such a thing as debating against time , he must 539 from the tone of enunciation , and every other character that belonged to it , have supposed to be one of this kind , till the right hon . gent . being warned by some of his friends that a miscalculation had