constituted as it now was , so much might be expected , and to the manner in which the bill had been carried in the other House of parliament . All these circumstances could not but have raised a considerable degree of anxiety in the country , and a confidence in the people that parliament would now realize their expectations and its own promises . How sorely must they be disappointed , if , after so much fairness of promise , nothing should be effected towards the adoption of that system of œconomy and retrenchment upon which alone the safety of the country must ultimately depend ? The noble lord contended that the adoption of the measure would by no means entrench on the prerogative or the influence of the crown . On the contrary , the crown would still have the same power , while those upon whom sinecure places might be bestowed , would be rescued from a most abject state to which in other cases they would inevitably be liable . looked upon the question respecting the influence of the crown , as greatly overstated and as much misunderstood . If any of their lordships should but consider attentively the history of the country , he would find that the objections urged against the influence of the crown were at all times the result of clamour and not of principle . Combinations of great , wealthy , and powerful individuals might be formed for the purpose of rendering the power of the crown dependant upon themselves ; and adopting the clamour against influence make that their ladder to office ; yet when possessed of their object , they usually forget the clamour against influence . The noble lord contended that the influence of the crown had derived no increase from the augmentation of the army and navy : and argued that the taxes imposed to meet the exigencies of the state , produced such a degree of dissatisfaction , in the public at large with the government , as fully counterbalanced the supposed increase of patronage and influence . He himself had not the good fortune to have any reversions ; but what harm did these reversions do to their holders or to the public ? There were but one or two instances in our history in which the influence of the crown had proved dangerous . In the reign of Charles I. it was ma- 596 nifest that in parliament the influence of the crown became as dust in the palace ; in fact , it was a mere nothing . If the influence of the crown were reduced in a time of war , upon the plea of the influence that war gave to the crown , and the patronage and taxation consequent upon it , how would the case stand hereafter in time of peace , after the crown had been stripped of its prerogatives ? Those who received favours from an administration , generally were among the opposers of the succeeding ministers , and consequently all that was said about influence resolved itself into declamation . He did not consider the measure proposed as an important one , but it was important to oppose it , because it seemed to be a first step to many other dangerous innovations that were denominated reforms . It was no redemption of any pledge given by parliament . It was nothing , the question was simply as to the propriety of taking away the prerogative of the crown in granting reversionary places . Most of those places were merely ministerial . Many years ago the practice had prevailed without any discovery of a grievance . Many wise men had sat in that House before their lordships , who made many useful reforms of abuses , and yet they did not find out this practice to be an abuse . That his lordship considered to be a strong argument on the present question . He had not heard of any great inconvenience that had arisen from the practice , to render such a bill at all necessary . As to the argument about the possibility of the