them there when France shall be engaged in active war against me , and do not wait till the contest is decided ; send them thither , too , at a season when the climate is not so pestilential as it occasionally is . To that pestilential climate if you will send your troops , let it not be when common information tells you they must waste away by sickness , without accomplishing any valuable object . '' Have ministers then been ignorant , have they not read of the nature of the climate of Walcheren , in that book to which one would think they would naturally resort under their circumstances—I mean sir John Pringle 's work upon the Diseases of the Army ? Have they not examined that work , where they would find the pestilential effects of the climate of that unhealthy island described , and proved by our own dearly-bought experience ? Nay , so notorious have been the effects of that climate , that the Swiss Cantons , when they furnished mercenary troops as auxiliaries to the Dutch , thought it necessary to stipulate expressly that they should not be sent to Walcheren during the noxious season , it being well known that if they were sent there they must inevitably perish . This then , my lords , is not a case of unforeseen calamity . Ministers knew , or ought to have known , all these things before they sent an army into Walcheren ; and they are of consequence most deeply responsible for the lives of those brave men , who perished there , without the chance of being able to confer any benefit upon their country , which might afford her some consolation under a loss so afflicting.—Great then , my lords , as were the deficiencies in the formation and execution of the plan of this expedition , it is marked by this further essential defect , that it was directed to an object , in which its exertions could be of no avail . Our armies had hardly been there a month , when the object appeared clearly impracticable to all , but to his Majesty 's ministers . And the commander in chief even , though too late in coming to that resolution , determined to return . On the 27th of August , we were told by him , who had 21 advised the expedition , and who had been appointed to command it , that the object was not to be accomplished . If the exertions of the troops must have been confined to the blowing up of basins , and the destruction of docks , could not these things be accomplished without detaining the troops in the island ? But after it was obvious , that the object of the expedition was not to be accomplished , the troops were suffered to remain in the island , for two or three months , a prey to the diseases of that pestilential climate ! To whom then , my lords , are to be imputed the deaths that took place in consequence ? To whom is to be imputed this wanton waste of the valuable lives of our brave defenders ? What excuse can these ministers offer to the parents , the relations , the friends , of those brave men , who were suffered to perish thus uselessly and thus ingloriously ? What excuse , my lords , can they offer to their country , for this most afflicting loss , which they who do not most bitterly lament , must be totally incapable of any generous or patriotic feeling ? While letters were passing and repassing on this subject ( when the ministers were attending to other things of comparatively trifling importance ) , hundreds of British soldiers were perishing , for no object whatever . What man is there , who under such circumstances , would not say , `` If I have been so unfortunate as to send you to such a place , for a purpose which can not be accomplished , at least I shall not suffer you to remain