hon . member was when the outrage was committed ; —it ought to have its weight in his favour ; —that the insult was not a premeditated one . What the precise expressions were , he did not know , for he had not heard them ; but he believed it to be admitted , that the hon . member was then in a situation in which he could not altogether appreciate the very improper nature of his conduct . With a view to example , however , he would propose an amendment to the motion of his right hon . friend . The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. C. Wynn ) would perceive that it would appear on the Journals , not only that the hon . member was discharged at the next sitting , but that the House did not sit the day immediately following the outrage . He concluded by moving as an amendment , `` That Mr. Fuller be called to the bar to be reprimanded by the Speaker , and then discharged . '' thought it right to state to the House , in justice to the individual whose conduct was now under discussion , that he had received a letter from Mr. Fuller , with an apology for expressions which he had not heard ; and if he had heard them , the House would give him credit , he trusted , when he said that they would not have operated in the least on his mind , except as connected with the dignity and authority of the House . said that he had moved an amendment . observed , that he understood the hon . baronet only to have thrown out a suggestion , without embodying it into a formal amendment ; but if he had misapprehended the hon . member he hoped 650 the House would give him leave to correct himself . then said that he would second the amendment of the right hon . gent.—The question being put , rose , amidst cries of `` question , question , '' and said , that he did not mean to oppose the Amendment . His duty to the House ( he was chairman to the Committee of Inquiry ) had called upon him to pay particular attention to the outrage ; and he was satisfied that it had proceeded in a great measure from a certain species of accidental misfortune . He , however , thought it necessary that a personal apology should be made to the Speaker . He now understood that apology had been made ; but he also thought it proper that the apology should be entered on the Journals , if this was regular , said , that nothing would appear on the Journals to shew that there was any personal insult to the Speaker , and this superseded the necessity of entering the apology on the Journals . asked , whether it would appear on the Journals that any apology at all had been made ? answered in the affirmative , and mentioned the precedent of a person who had offended by words , some years ago , in whose case it was stated , that the regret he expressed for his conduct was the ground on which the House admitted him to his seat again . The question was then put , and the amendment carried without a dissenting voice . then ordered the Serjeant at Arms to bring Mr. Fuller to the bar . The Serjeant , with his mace , went accordingly to Mr. Fuller , and brought him to the bar ; whereupon the Speaker , sitting in the chair covered , reprimanded the said Mr. Fuller , and he was ordered to be discharged out of custody , paying his fees . The Reprimand was as follows : `` Mr. Fuller ; You now stand at that bar , in the presence of the Commons of this United Kingdom , to receive the declaration of their displeasure . `` During the progress of a Committee of this House , employed upon a solemn and important enquiry , your offensive