. After this Mr. Fuller sent the House a sort of an apology directed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer . here interrupted Mr. W. and said , that he understood the apology to be directed to the House , though it had been inclosed in a letter to him . ] in continuation , insisted that it was directed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer only , and taking up the paper from the table , read `` I beg you will inform the House that I am sorry for what I have done , and beg leave to apologize for my conduct . '' This was therefore incontestibly directed to the Chancellor of the Exchequer alone . The paper itself shewed that such was the fact , and it was impossible they could deny it . Of the letter inclosing this apology the House knew nothing , as it was not on the table ; but after all , the apology was far from being couched in very ample terms . Gentlemen had talked a great deal lately about their privileges . One man for a violation of them had lately been reprimanded at their bar , and another had been sent to Newgate , and was the House to suffer an outrage within its walls—the greatest outrage that had ever been committed , to pass with this slight mark of its sense of such conduct ? when an hon . baronet , who was present at the time , thought that he who committed this outrage ought to be sent to the Tower , it would not perhaps be considered as harsh , that he ( Mr. W. ) expected a much more ample apology ; and even supposing an ample apology to be made , he could not have thought it possible that the offending person should be dismissed without a reprimand from the chair . When gentlemen who saw the outrage , doubted , if it would be consistent with the dignity of the House to allow the man who had so insultingly violated its privileges and rules , ever to sit there again , it was proposed to dismiss the matter with this meagre apology and slight duration of confinement . Many gentlemen present had seen the outrage ; all of them had heard of it ; the whole public rung with it . He affirmed , that not the House alone , but the Speaker had been insulted ; he had heard the language used and could not be mistaken as to its obvious import . He would not quote it , unless he was challenged to do so . But if he should be challenged to quote the words , he thought they were such as would leave no doubt of the correctness of his conclusion . He must therefore oppose the motion . thought he might move , as an amendment , `` That Mr. Fuller be brought to the bar to apologize to the House , and that if the apology should be deemed sufficient , he might be discharged . '' was not present at the time the outrage took place , but he had 649 heard of it , and he regretted that he was under the necessity of admitting , that this apology was hardly sufficient . Yet it would be allowed , he believed , that he was far from being indifferent as to the character and conduct of the unfortunate member who had incurred the displeasure of the House . He had taken the liberty of calling upon him , and had found that if it was conceived that he had offered any insult to the Speaker he was ready to come to the bar and make the most ample apology , and he trusted he would be allowed to come to the bar for that purpose . did not rise with a view to diminish the sense which the House appeared to entertain of the insult offered to it , nor to extenuate the offence committed . But at the same time , it was but fair to consider the situation in which the