within sight of the field of battle , but were completely dispersed and annihilated as an army . Here then was a clear ground for the thanks of the House , a decisive victory having been gained , and the object sought in fighting the battle having been by that victory most fully attained . But when noble lords talked of a decisive victory having been gained at Talavera , it was incumbent upon them to shew that some of those results by which the character of a victory was distinguished , had taken place . To prove that a victory had been obtained , it was surely necessary to shew , either , that the object contended for had been gained , that the enemy 's army had been dispersed , that prisoners had been taken , or that some decisive advantage , with a view to the general object of the campaign , had been achieved . The noble earl ( Liverpool ) had stated the taking of artillery to be a Mire criterion of victory , but this was at best a doubtful point . How these twenty pieces of artillery were taken , did not by any means clearly appear , but surely the taking of prisoners would have been a much more decisive criterion of victory ; but instead of our taking prisoners it appeared that prisoners were taken by the enemy . So far from the battle of Talavera , therefore having the character of a victory , it had neither succeeded in attaining the general object of the campaign , nor the immediate object , namely , that of dispersing the enemy 's army.—The general object of the advance of lord Wellington into Spain , he took to be that of driving before him the enemy 's troops , and obtaining possession of the capital of Madrid . The French troops in Spain at that time occupied a defensive line of positions from Toledo to Salamanca . On the advance of lord Wellington into Spain , the enemy left their positions , for the purpose of concentrating their troops , and preventing him from advancing . Lord Wellington having marched to Talavera , and being there destitute of the means of transport and of provisions , was obliged to stop , the battle was fought , and the enemy were for the moment repulsed ; but the general object of the advance into Spain was lost , the enemy retained possession of the capital , and the British troops were obliged to retreat . The im- 142 mediate object of the battle was not gained ; for what was the result ? —The enemy retired in good order , and took up a position in sight of the field of battle , where our army did not venture to attack them . In two days afterwards the British army was obliged to retreat , leaving to the care of the enemy their sick and wounded . The noble earl had said , that this was in consequence of the advance of another part of the French troops , which threatened the flank and rear of our army . That Lord Wellington had no intelligence of the advance of this body of French troops , until the 31st of July , did not speak much in behalf of his conduct as a general . Not only , however , the battle of Talavera could not be considered as a victory , but its results were absolutely disastrous . By his retreat , lord Wellington left uncovered the Spanish army , under Vanegas , which was in consequence afterwards defeated by the French : he left Sir Robert Wilson , exposed also at Escalona , and his troops were , in consequence , totally defeated by the French . Sir Rt . Wilson , whom lord Wellington , in a subsequent dispatch , praised as an `` active partizan , '' had certainly shewn great ability and extensive military talents , in collecting and organizing a force out of materials not the best adapted for the purpose . If then , it was proved ,