wanted money—money was sent ; and they wanted good counsel , which was also given them ; but the hon . gent . said they had neither religion , patriotism , nor politics to guide them in this conduct . When it was determined that a military officer should be sent to Spain and lord Wellington had arrived there ; he would ask , would it be prudent for that officer to remain hovering on the coast , and not endeavour to drive the enemy from the heart of the country ? Was he to remain inactive ; or in what manner was he to assist , our allies ? Was it not expedient that he should form a co-operation with the Spaniards , and did he not adopt , such plans as were most likely to be attended with ultimate success ? Surely if a failure took place in consequence of a want of energy and unanimity in the Spaniards , such a circumstance was not to detract from the glory of lord Wellington 's achievements , nor dim that lustre which the brilliancy of his actions had reflected on his military character . That gallant lord was not answerable for such failures . He could only rely on his own skill , he set a noble example to our allies , and endeavoured to instill into their hearts that spirit which could alone 286 enable them to resist the despotism of a tyrant . His exertions were unhappily distinguished by no lasting success , and the effect of his operations was destroyed by the pusillanimity of his co-operating forces . This , however , could not be deemed a ground of objection to him . In the field of Talavera , he had performed wonders : surrounded by every difficulty he fought and conquered a French force of twice the magnitude of his own , and placed the character of the British arms on a basis of superiority unequalled by all the world . The hon . gent . then entered into a discussion of the conduct of ministers , which he said was guided only by that patriotic desire for the interests of their country that had distinguished their administration . He saw no ground of complaint , nor had they any reason to be ashamed of the policy they had adopted . They stood up in the face of the country in support of the cause of England and of Europe against the despotic sway of an usurper , and had followed the principles of that great statesman , Mr. Pitt , by wisely keeping the war at a distance from their own door . He concluded with a declaration of his admiration of the talents and character of lord Wellington , and of his most hearty concurrence in the original motion . never rose with feelings of more pain than on this occasion ; because he meant to oppose the vote of thanks to a brother officer . He begged leave to begin his speech by saying a few words of himself . He had been attacked with the foulest obloquy , for the part he had taken with respect to the Vote of Thanks for the battle of Vimiera ; but he could assure the House , that his conduct in that instance had been , as it would be in this , dictated by feelings of duty and a love for his profession . Lord Wellington appeared to him to have advanced into Spain upon his own responsibility ; and he would ask any hon . gent . who heard him , whether he had acted the part of a prudent general in having done so ? It was obvious that his object was to have moved upon Madrid ; because Joseph Buonaparté would not have brought his body guards to support Victor , nor left Madrid with a hostile population and without any adequate force to keep down that population , if not for the purpose of covering his capital . General Junot had done the same , when he advanced against sir Arthur Wellesley in Portugal . When lord Wel 287