the Vote of Thanks . Strangers were then ordered to with- 302 draw : but the House did not divide , of course the Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington was carried . After which the House resolved , —1 . `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lieut . general sir John Cope Sherbrooke , knight of the most honourable order of the bath , to lieut . general William Payne , to lieut . general sir Stapleton Cotton , baronet , to lieut . general Rowland Hill , to major-general Christopher Tilson , to brigadier-general Alexander Campbell , to brigadier-general Henry Frederick Campbell , to brigadier-general Richard Stewart , to brigadier-general the hon . Charles Stewart , to brigadier-general Alan Cameron , to brigadier-general Henry Fane , to brigadier-general George Anson , and to brigadier-general Edward Howorth , and the several other officers , for their distinguished exertions on the 27th and 28th of July last , in the memorable battle of Talavera , which terminated in the signal defeat of the forces of the enemy.—2 . That this House doth highly approve of , and acknowledge , the distinguished valour and discipline displayed by the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers of the forces serving on the 27th and 28th of July last , under the command of lieutenant-general lord viscount Wellington , in the glorious victory obtained at Talavera ; and that the same be signified to them by the commanding officers of the several corps , who are desired to thank them for their gallant and exemplary conduct . '' addressing himself to Mr. Ley , the clerk , begged to say a few words to the House . begged to inform the House , in point of order , that if a difference of opinion arose on the subject of who should be called to the chair , it could not be discussed in that incomplete state in which the House then was . said , he did not know how else to conduct himself , a gentleman being about to take the chair without any question put to the House . said , if one gentleman should be called to the chair of the Committee , and another should be proposed 303 from some other quarter , it would then become his duty to take the chair of the House . then called on Mr. Lushington to take the chair ; and called on Mr. Davits Giddy . immediately returned to the chair , and said , that now was the time to propose who should he chairman of the Committee . said it had been the uniform practice of the House , of late years , to have the office of Chairman of the Committees of Supply and of Ways and Means filled by one individual , who continued during the course of the session , and accordingly a salary was annexed to the performance of that duty . He believed there was not an instance to the contrary on the journals . He also contended , that when the House was about to resolve into a Committee of Supply , not into a Committee of Ways and Means , was the proper time for agitating who that chairman should be . This question had , however , he submitted , been already settled , when Mr. Lushington was , on a former day , called to the chair of the Committee of Supply . No change in such an appointment ever took place in the course of one session . If this House did not observe a uniform practice in this respect , it would become an every day discussion . He accordingly moved that Mr. Lushington be called to the chair . said , if in what the right hon . gent . had stated to have happened , the convenience and dignity of the House had been as much attended to , as he had no doubt its rules had been consulted , the House would have heard nothing from him at present on the subject . The sole reason he had for objecting to the hon