. This practice of leaving to the discretion of the 370 judge before whom a cause was tried , the sentence which was to be carried into execution , was severely condemned by sir Matthew Hale and lord Bacon . He thought the discretionary power at present granted to the judges highly dangerous , and such as no men would desire to be vested with . In some cases , the nature of a prisoner 's defence , when he had attempted to prove his innocence by alibis , which the judge had thought ill established , has gone against him . Sometimes it was held as a matter of aggravation , that the offence was committed in a place where such offences were rare , and therefore that they ought to be checked , or that they were common , and therefore ought to be punished to prevent their multiplication . Many instances might be adduced of the different judgments which had been pronounced upon the same offence by different judges—The hon . and learned gentleman exemplified this by some cases which had fallen under his own observation , as baring happened of late years . Some years ago , on the Norfolk Circuit , two men were indicted for stealing poultry in a poultry-yard . One of them made his escape , the other was tried before lord Loughborough at the assizes , and convicted ; but having been till then a person of good character , and this his first offence , lord Loughborough thought these circumstances deserving consideration , and only sentenced him to six months imprisonment . The other man who had fled , hearing this , and desirous to see his family , again returned , and surrendered himself . He was tried before Mr. Justice Gould , who , unfortunately for him , had a different idea from his brother judge , and thinking , as it was a first offence , it would be an example more for the public good to punish him severely , sentenced him to transportation for seven years : so that as the first of these culprits was coming out of his confinement , the other was setting out on his voyage beyond the seas . He alluded also to a similar instance in the case of duelling , in which the opinion of one judge was , that killing a man in a duel was certainly murder in the eye of the law ; but that it had so long been alleviated , from various considerations , that it was seldom brought in more than manslaughter , and the jury gave a verdict accordingly . In the other case , the judge was of a different opinion ; the verdict was for murder , and the unhappy gentleman was executed.—On the contrary , if 371 this discretion was given by positive law , every man would know what he had to expect . The most able defence of this system was to be found in the works of , the late Dr. Paley , the excellence of whose writings in general had given him a credit that had had a very mischievous effect , from the errors others had imbibed from this particular part of them . He then went into a long investigation of what Dr. Paley had said on this subject , of capital punishment , and urged many arguments in order to refute his doctrine , in which he endeavoured to shew that Dr. Paley took for granted the very thing in dispute . The hon . and learned gent . concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the acts of the 10th and 11th of William 3 , as takes away the benefit of clergy from persons privately stealing in any shop , warehouse , coach-house or stable , any goods , wares , or merchandizes of the value of five shillings , and for more effectually preventing the crimes of stealing privately in shops , warehouses , coach-houses or stables . '' was somewhat surprised to hear , and