of one established at the same time at Gouda , rose in a few months to the almost incredible premium of 3,000 per cent . on the capital advanced ; and before the end of the same year , fell again to their original value . Another set up at Delft , experienced the same reverses within the same space of time ; and , we read , that the avarice and gambling spirit of the proprietors , in every one of these companies , was ultimately punished by the entire loss of all their capital . The present scheme takes a more daring flight than any of its predecessors ; it embraces a larger interest , professes to act on a wider scale , and is therefore more calculated than any plan ever hitherto projected , to dazzle the ignorant , and entrap the unwary.—That I may not be accused of having exaggerated in these statements , I refer those who hear me to 421 Postlethwaite 's Dictionary of Commerce , under the articles Actions , Bubbles and Companies ; and it is not unworthy of remark , that the able author of that work , considers the two latter words as synonimous terms ; for under the article 'Bubble . ' he says , see 'Companies . '—It is far from my meaning to impute any sinister or unworthy motives to the gentlemen who have engaged in the present undertaking . On the contrary , I know many of them , with whom I have the honour of being acquainted , to be incapable of acting , but with the most laudable intentions . But , I believe they have engaged in it unadvisedly , and without due consideration of the consequences to which it would lead ; and against those consequences it is my duty to guard the House . If this scheme is carried into effect , and the shares of the company rise , as I believe they will , to a price far beyond their real value , the present proprietors , as prudent men , will , like their predecessors , avail themselves of the public credulity , and sell out ; the concern will fall into the hands of speculative adventurers , lose its present commercial influence , be misconducted , and the bubble will shortly burst , to the ruin of thousands . If this company obtains the sanction of parliament , the rage for these undertakings will be rekindled ; other companies will be formed , and the capital of the country will be diverted into new channels , to the injury of all regular trade and solid property . No money will be obtained either on personal or landed security , and all the evils of the memorable year 1720 will be again renewed—Marine insurances are effected in this country on more reasonable terms , and on more solid security , than in any other country upon earth . Neither the necessity nor the utility of this new company has been proved . On the contrary , I flatter myself I have shewn , that it is pregnant , both with private injury and public danger ; and , therefore , that the prayer of these petitioners ought not to be granted . I am well aware of the inordinate influence possessed by the members of this intended new company ; and , when I reflect , that there is scarcely a commercial member of this House who has not been offered , and that there are very few who have not accepted , shares in this undertaking , I almost tremble for the result , and anticipate the calamitous consequences which an eminent writer 422 says will inevitably ensue , `` whenever commercial opulence shall became the accomplice of political power , for the purpose of obtaining undue advantages . '' But , I confide in the wisdom and justice of this House , to avert those consequences . I trust , that a project so exceptionable , will not receive their countenance in any stage whatever ; and , therefore , that they will reject the motion