brilliant achievement , and he particularly called on a right hon . gent . whom he did not then see in his place ( Mr. Windham , ) to exert all his eloquence , to procure an unanimous vote on this occasion , as he had done on that of the battle of Maida , which Talavera so nearly resembled . The right hon . gent . in his eloquent speech on that occasion , told them , that their thanks were justly due and ought to be given for the invaluable acquisition of military fame and glory on that memorable day , and not to be regulated by any consideration for the attainment of ulterior objects . He was not able to excite a similar feeling by any thing he could say ; but he again called on the right hon . gent . to do now what he had then done , and use his persuasive powers in obtaining an unanimous vote for Talavera , as he had for Maida , where the glory and the result were the same . Every splendour of that day was renewed and repeated at Talavera ; and the same applause of the House was due to both . He would trespass no farther , but conclude by moving , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to lord viscount Wellington for the distinguished ability displayed by him on the 27th 280 and 28th of July last , in the glorious battle of Talavera , which terminated in the signal defeat of the forces of the enemy . '' said that though he entertained a high opinion of the gallantry of lord Wellington , and notwithstanding this was called a glorious victory , he felt him-felt under the necessity of proposing an amendment to the motion that had just been made . He could not consider the battle of Talavera as an isolated question , but as connected with other important topics , and the general policy and conduct of the campaign . It was not his wish to anticipate future debates , by entering into detail—and the more particularly , because he felt his incompetence to form an opinion on military topics ; yet he could form an opinion , in some measure , from the event of the campaign . No one felt more strongly than he did the services , or was inclined to bestow higher praise on the valour of our troops ; and he also agreed with the right hon . gent . on the necessity of encouraging their military spirit by every incitement that the approbation of that House or the gratitude of the country could supply . But he did not think this was the way to do it . They had got into the habit of voting thanks on all occasions , and it was now almost an insult not to vote them . From their frequency their Votes of Thanks lost their value , and ceased to be any longer an honour or a reward . When he looked to the result of the campaign , he saw that it was not attended with advantages , but on the contrary was highly disastrous to the country . He must take into his consideration , before he voted thanks , how it was that sir Arthur Wellesley found himself compelled to fight the enemy : it was not sufficient to say , that he got out of danger with great skill , He should have the same ability in avoiding it . What thanks would the House bestow on an admiral , who first ran his fleet among rocks and shoals , and then evinced great skill and ability in getting them off again ? Yet , the case of sir Arthur Wellesley was precisely similar , he had imprudently brought his army into a critical situation —he was forced to give battle . He was attacked by the enemy ; and while , in the general orders , it was styled a decisive victory , followed by a precipitate retreat , it appeared from our general 's own dispatches , that