that upon this subject he had applied without effect to the lords of the Admiralty . The same gentleman also stated that he was informed 427 it was not unusual , when lord Barham was comptroller of the navy , to sell places in the navy office . Mr. Wardle said he did not know how such a practice could be considered fair or proper , as he recollected that a prosecution had been some time ago directed against a person for only attempting to purchase a place under government . Indeed he could not have supposed that the practice could be looked upon as innocent , if he had not heard from an hon . member to whom he had communicated his motion since he came down to the House that it was not considered any abuse . He did not know , whether lord Barham would vindicate the practice ; but as things were circumstanced , he conceived it highly necessary that inquiry should take place : more especially when so late as the 31st of October , 1809 , a specific charge was made against a Mr. Prentice , for the sale of clerkships in the barrack department , five or six places were stated to have been actually sold by him ; but no inquiry on this subject had yet taken place . He therefore stated the facts , and trusted the House would go with him in calling for the papers ; and he would be content to abandon his charge , if he did not substantiate it from the vouchers . In the Navy Pay Office and Admiralty , he understood that the appointments were made on a fair and equitable footing ; the salary being proportioned to length of service ; but there were other offices where the case was quite the reverse . In the Navy Office for instance , it was usual to promote junior clerks over the heads of men who were many years their seniors in the service . There was one instance in which a junior clerk , who had been but 11 years in the office , was promoted to a place of 300l . a year , over the heads of senior clerks who had been from 27 to 30 years in the service . That fact he should undertake to prove to the satisfaction of the House , if the papers for which he intended to move should be granted . Such a practice as this would , he was convinced , appear to the House to call for a speedy and effectual remedy . It was his opinion that it could not be justified upon any public grounds , and could arise from no other cause than that some of the places were sold , and others not . He would repeat the assertion , that to him the difference in the amount of these salaries was to be attributable to no other cause ; and all he asked for were the do- 428 cuments , in order to shew that it must be so.—There was another point to which he wished their attention to be directed concerning the superannuated list , and particularly the case of a gentleman who had been superannuated against his will . The officer to whose case he alluded , had been obliged to retire on an allowance of 170l . per annum , and a boy of 14 years of age was then appointed to his situation , over the heads of senior clerks , and at a raised salary . [ In what department ? across the table . ] In the Sick and Hurt Office ; and the case he should prove if the documents should be granted to him . The usual mode of superannuating officers was entirely done away in this instance . He wished also to bring the case of Mr . Butt , a case of much hardship , under the consideration of the House . [ What date ? was asked . ] In the year 1794 . With regard to the pension list in that office on its being removed