decayed tradesmen , ' ) have stirred up the public feeling , and excited universal attention . The present question is therefore brought forward as a comparative inquiry , and may be justly expected to furnish a con-tested and interesting debate . Printed by J . Dean , 57 , Wardour-street . '' Mr. Yorke next moved , that that clause of the bill of rights , affecting privilege of speech in that House , be now read . It was read accordingly , stating , in substance , that the speeches or debates of members in that House , ought not to be impeached or questioned by any authority or in any place out of that House.—Mr . Yorke then moved , that J . Dean , printer , 57 Wardour-street , do attend at the bar of that House , tomorrow.—Ordered . strongly recommended the propriety of devising some means to promote dispatch in the progress of this inquiry . From the length of time to which it had already extended , and from the manner in which it languished , he was really at a loss to calculate upon the period of its termination , unless there should be considerably more of diligence and activity employed than had yet appeared ; unless more of the time of the House were devoted to it . With this view he would propose that the enquiry should take pre- 482 cedency of all notices of motion , or that the House should proceed upon this inquiry at an earlier hour of the day than that at which they usually commenced business . The latter course he would himself be disposed to prefer . But there was a subject of much more consequence to which he thought it his duty , upon this occasion , to call the attention of the House . Amongst the papers on the table he found a most extraordinary letter referring to the matter of this inquiry . He confessed that when this letter was originally moved for , he felt strong doubt as to the regularity of the motion and the propriety of producing it , but upon further consideration , that doubt was removed , and he now had no hesitation in declaring his decided opinion , that it was such a document as that House ought not to receive or allow to remain on the table . For what did this paper purport to be—a Narrative of the Expedition to the Scheldt , signed by lord Chatham , and presented to his Majesty without the intervention of any responsible minister—There were therefore several points connected with this paper which appeared to demand explanation . How did the House know that it was a true copy of the document said to have been presented to his Majesty ? Through what office had it passed ; for it did not bear the signature of any official person ; and by what accident did it come into the hands of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , by whom it had been laid on the table ? Another remarkable feature about it was this , that although it was two or three months ago announced in the newspapers , known , or supposed , to have some understanding with the ministry , that lord Chatham had presented a Narrative of this description to his Majesty ; yet , the paper to which he now referred bore date only upon the 14th inst . But his main objection to this paper was of a constitutional character— Lord Chatham had , it appeared , not in his character of a peer , or privy counsellor , but , in that of a military commander , presented to the King in person , an account of his military , proceedings , although directed , under the sign manual , by which he was appointed , to make such communications through the proper officer , the Secretary of State , whom the constitution recognized . This account too , had been brought before that House in a most unconstitutional , irregular , and questionable shape . This paper seeming to have