victory and triumph , as could not fail to obtain for him the most signal mark of his Majesty 's favour , and the unlimited gratitude of his country.—Looking , therefore , to all these considerations ; looking also to the Vote of Thanks , which had been recently passed by that House , and which must be considered as expressive of its sentiments , he could not suppose any serious objection could be made to his motion . The Vote of Thanks , he must admit , had encountered some opposition ; yet the general sense of the House was so strongly and decisively in its favour , that those with whom the opposition originated had not thought it right to come to a vote , conscious that their numbers would not be sufficient to make any impression on the House or on the country . If the House , therefore , did not disapprove of that Vote , if on the contrary it had been carried with a feeling almost unanimous and universal , what more was required as the foundation for his motion ? Was there an instance upon record that would justify parliament in refusing the grant of the pension proposed ? The amount of that pension was 2,000l . a year to lord Wellington , to descend to his two next heirs in succession on whom the title may devolve . This provision was no more than had been granted to lord Lake ; it was precisely the same as the pension that had been granted to lord Hutchinson ; precisely the same as had been settled upon lord Duncan ; precisely the same as was given to lord Collingwood ; precisely the same as had been settled upon the relict of general sir Ralph Abercromby . Whatever might be the disposition of other gen- 443 tlemen , it was not his intention or his wish to take upon him the invidious and ungracious office of entering into idle comparisons ; but if the task were imposed upon him , he could assure the hon . gentlemen opposite , that he would have no cause to shrink from performing it . Upon the strength of the instances to which he had adverted , he should rest the defence of the proportion of pension which he meant to propose . Many other cases , he had no doubt , could be produced in justification and support of the amount of the intended grant , which would shew that it was a provision in extent consistent with the uniform practice of parliament in rewarding the services of distinguished officers . He would defy any gentleman to shew any case to the contrary ; unless , perhaps , in the instance of officers of considerable opulence , to whom the amount of the provision must have been of less value than the honours of the peerage . Upon what ground any opposition could be made to the grant of the pension in this case , he was therefore at a less to conceive . Was it on the ground of economy that it was to be refused ? Were gentlemen then prepared to say , that on the occasion of such services , such grants as that under consideration should be refused upon such a ground ? What principle of narrow economy ought to be suffered to arrest the grant of such pensions and rewards , as were calculated not alone to recompense past services , but to kindle an active emulation in every branch of the public service , and call forth the most strenuous exertions and honourable ambition of gallant and enterprising individuals ? Nothing could be a more powerful incitement to zeal , activity , and exertion than the prospect of such distinction as had been conferred upon lord Wellington . But the bare title was not sufficient , unless accompanied by some adequate provision in the form of a pension . To withhold the pension , therefore , he contended , would be injurious to the individual—injurious to the public service , and inconsistent with the justice and liberality of parliament . A niggardly