in July last . Thus were the French corn growers benefited , while Buonaparté 's treasury derived at the rate of 18s . a quarter from the same means . He would then submit it to the serious consideration of the House , whether some measures ought not to be immediately taken to put an end to a practice which so materially served the resources of the enemy . The system of licenses operated , in fact , to counteract the Orders in Council , for it enabled the enemy to export his staple commodities ; it enabled him to carry on a most extensive commerce through the medium of nominally neutral ships . In fact , the expence and danger to England from this licensed traffic , was calculated to excite considerable alarm . The freight actually paid within the last year to those ships under neutral colours was , be understood , little short of a million sterling , the number of those ships being 4,000 , navigated by 50,000 subjects of Buonaparté . Thus were we rearing seamen for the enemy by a species of traffic , which appeared advantageous to his interests alone . This statement he would leave to the consideration of Parliament and the public , commanding attention as it must , in a peculiar degree , from the nature of the proposition suggested by the Chancellor of the Exchequer—from the means obviously to be derived by the exclusion of foreign corn for the benefit of the Irish agriculturist . He concluded with observing , that he would not object to the House going into the Committee . did not think that the present prices of grain were sufficient to justify the prohibition . He understood that a great deal of distillation was going forward in the highlands of Scotland , notwithstanding the prohibition . considered it an infringement of the articles of Union , and said , that the demand for sugar was never greater , nor perhaps so great , as at present . He should therefore support the amendment of his hon . friend . objected to the amendment . He reminded gentlemen what an interminable question it was in the Committee last year , and warned them against reviving the discussion upon the prohibition , with respect to Ireland . said , that , with every respect for the West India merchants , still he could not think of sacrificing to them the agricultural interests of Ireland . With every respect also for Scotland , he could not think of preventing the exercise of the industry of his own country , for the purpose of supplying Scotland with oats . He could not agree to sacrifice the agricultural interests of Ireland , not merely to the wants of Scotland , but to her imaginary wants . The prohibition should be extended to Ireland , when no scarcity existed . on his legs . The right hon . gent . observed upon the statement of Mr. Marryatt relative to the freight and number of the neutrals in our employment , which , in his opinion , was considerably over-rated . As to licences granted to those neutrals , he begged it to be understood , that no neutral had a licence to go into any other port than that into which a British ship would not be admitted ; and as to the number of neutrals so licensed , that was owing to the extent of our commerce , which , while it occupied the whole of out shipping , necessarily called for that addition . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving , That the chairman should be directed to move for leave to bring in a Bill to prohibit distillation from grain for a time to be limited . declared , that from the information which he had obtained in Scotland , there was no scarcity whatever existing , or to be apprehended in that country ; and why should the agricultural interest of Ireland be sacrificed to provide against imaginary want in Scotland ? As to the argument of the right hon . gent . 399