lington arrived at Taiavera , and formed a junction with Cuesta , he was in want of stores , means of transport , food , and provender ; but if he had advanced upon Madrid , he would have encountered more difficulties , and sustained multiplied loss . The allied army consisted of about 50,000 men ; the Spaniards occupying the right , and the English the centre and left . The Spanish position was covered by vineyards in front , which enabled them to repulse the attack of the enemy , which commenced upon the right . No man could say that this repulse was not of great service to the English army , because , if the Spanish position had been forced , it was clear that the right of the English army would have been turned ; and general Cuesta had acted with wisdom in not advancing from his position into broken ground , where he would have been exposed to the superior manœuvres of the enemy . Having dwelt at some length on the circumstances of the battle , the hon . general contended , that upon the whole it was to be considered a repulse but not a defeat of the enemy , because the French continued in their positions two days after the action . He next came to the accounts of the action contained in the dispatches of lord Wellington , which were he must contend vain-glorious , partial , and incorrect . Vain-glorious , as every man who read them would perceive ; partial , because , though they contained some praise of the Spaniards , that praise was not adequate to their services ; and incorrect , because almost every line contained a statement which the circumstances of the case did not bear out . But he would ask what had been said , and what done , and what represented by the ministerial prints , and rumours at the time ? The battle of Talavera was compared to that of Agincourt . But in the latter , the situation of the king before the battle was perilous , and by the victory he gained a crown . Whereas by the battle of Talavera Ferdinand the Seventh lost a crown . It had been said in another place , that the actions of lord Wellington were as glorious as those of the illustrious ancestors of any noble peer . That brought him to the consideration of the great duke of Marlborough , who had carried the military glory of this country to the highest pitch . The hon . general then enumerated the distinguishing features of the battles of Blenheim and Malplaquet , in order to shew that the battle of Talavera was not 288 to be compared with either . The most important advantages were the result of the victories of the immortal Marlborough , but what benefit had been derived from , the boasted victory of Talavera ? Had lord Wellington made a movement in advance to follow up the victory ? Had he not been obliged to a precipitate retreat after abandoning his sick and wounded , and exposing the Spanish army to the danger of having its retreat cut off ? He was convinced that lord Wellington had been deficient in information , both as to the amount and situation of Soult 's army , and as to the extent of those armies with which he was nearly surrounded ; and though he was ready to do every justice that his feeble language could enable him , to the brilliant valour , steady discipline , and persevering gallantry of the generals , field officers , and troops who fought under him , he could lay his hand upon his heart and say , that he could not conscientiously vote , that the Thanks of that House should be given to lord Wellington . said , he was sure it would not be considered extraordinary by the House , that he rose , upon the present occasion , to offer some remarks . It was impossible that he should not feel , in common with the House ,