? requiring all officers forthwith to join their respective regiments in the island he himself had quitted , and to resume their military duties in that grave of British valour , that burial ground of British soldiers . How long afterwards was the island retained ? and what was our army doing all the time that it was retained ? what were the glorious services in which they were engaged ? in a listless resistance to the inglorious destruction of contagion , pestilence and disease ! Is this , said Mr. Ponsonby , is this the way you have chosen to reward the brave men who upheld the name of England in the battle of Corunna ? Is this the reward for all their gallant services ? Is this the temptation you would hold out to others , to tight as gloriously in Spain , that they might perish as ignominiously in Walcheren ? Why sacrifice the best and bravest of our armies , rather than acknowledge you have made a conquest that was not worth the keeping ? ( Hear , hear ! ) Is it then too much to say , that we will inquire ? whatever gentlemen may think , I hesitate not to affirm , that there is not a man out of this House who does not think we ought to go at least as far as you are now called upon to go . The country is labouring under the irritating sense of abuses , gross and long continued : it looks to the constitutional organ for redress and justice , and it expects that , in a crisis of such awful moment , the House of Commons will not be wanting in its duty . We all know , that suspicions , however unworthy , have gone abroad , and we know too , that there are men who are but too vigilant in seizing every opportunity to strengthen and to propagate a general distrust of the purity of parliament . Let the House then , weigh well the mischievous consequences of being at such a time at variance with the unanimous opinion of the country.—The same fatuity that marked the conduct of ministers with respect to Walcheren , was equally observable in their conduct of the operations of the campaign in Spain . Lord Wellesley , in the month of April , was gazetted as ambassador . Indeed , it was remarkable that it was this month 73 that had been chosen by ministers for planning all their various operations in favour of our allies , and as well against the enemy as against one another . Lord Wellesley , notwithstanding his appointment in April , and all that was expected from his vigorous exertions in Spain , did not sail ill the 24th of July following . What occasioned this delay he left it to ministers to explain.—With respect to the operations of lord Wellington , he knew not whether they originated with that noble lord himself or from the cabinet ; but it did appear that on the 15th of July , he being then at Placenzia , was unable to follow the enemy for want of means of transport or conveyance ; and on the 8th of August following , in his dispatches from Deleytosa , he complains of want of provisions . Whatever was the cause of the then position of the army under lord Wellington , it yet , he thought , called for inquiry . Why had he not means of transporting his troops from Placenzia ? Why without provisions at Deleytosa ? And why was the noble lord , the ambassador , who was in England at the time of the battle of Talavera , detained so long from rendering those services to the Spanish cause which it was fondly expected would have resulted from his exertions ? These facts , taken from their own gazette , called upon the House to say , that culpability there was somewhere ; let severe inquiry discover where . They were not now called upon to inquire whether there had been errors , and disasters , and disgraces