effect whatever on the general result of the war . The force of the country had been frittered into divisions , whereas to effect any great purpose it ought to have been made to act in a body . To borrow a phrase from the French republic , it should be `` one and indivisible . '' The noble lord contended that an expedition to the North of Germany , or to the shores of the Adriatic , when contrary to all expectation , the fate of the war was balanced on the Danube , might have been undertaken with some prospect of success . But this was not the only theatre of successful warfare . All the North of Germany was in a state of revolt , and the people wanted only a sup- 34 ply of arms , and the appearance of a regular force to render them formidable to the common enemy . But to this project of operations in the North it was replied , that it would have been attended with great expence and serious difficulties in the transport of the troops , that would have been required for the service . He admired the perfect organs of vision ministers could employ for the discovery of objections to all the plans of others , and their utter blindness to those which were notorious in their own . Was it to be endured after the prodigality the servants of the crown had been guilty of , that they should hesitate at the expence of such enterprizes ? Then , as to the transport of our troops to Piedmont or Trieste , and from the Thames to the Weser : could the ruler of France send to Egypt a powerful army , and would Great Britain , the mistress of the ocean , with 100 ships of the line , 1,000 ships of war of different proportions , and an incalculable commercial marine , be disappointed in such a purpose ? It had been asked , how 100,000 men could have been provided for such enterprizes ? Were not 40,000 employed in Walcheren , 15,000 in Sicily , and 45,000 in Spain and Portugal ; and how much was then the deficiency of 100,000 men ? Whether engaged in one , two , or three divisions , the difficulty of raising and paying such a force was much the same . He would , before he left this part of the subject , say a few more words on the engagement of a force in the North of Germany . He said , that so far back as the month of September , 1808 , ministers had received proposals from the North of Germany , which shewed that very considerable bodies might be expected to rise in that quarter , in support of any diversion made there . He further believed from what followed , that encouragement was given to such a scheme . In that country many important situations might have been secured where the army could not have been incommoded by the Danes , and where a small force left on the shores of the Weser , would have prevented the possibility of any molestation from that quarter . Under the circumstances that had been explained , the acquisition of such a station would not have merely operated as a diversion , but if it were neglected by the enemy , the entire destruction of his army must have been the consequence . In the month of May or June this enterprize might have been undertaken ; but he admitted that with all this appearance of advantage , it might 35 have been unsuccessful , yet on this occasion the evil was not , that adverse events had frustrated the schemes of ministers ; but that measures had been pursued without a chance in their favour , and in which success was impossible . The noble lord next took a review of the campaign in Spain . He disapproved of the residence of Mr. Frere , as minister at the Junta , so long after it had been announced that he was to be recalled