particularly from his honourable and learned friend , who had just sat down , such animadversions as he had made upon a writer , whose works had done more for the moral improvement of mankind than perhaps the writings of any other man that had ever existed . The doctrines laid down and established by that wise and able writer might be considered as the principia of moral philosophy . They rested upon a basis which was not to be shaken by fanciful theories or crude speculation . The system of morality contained in Dr. Paley 's works was founded on the nature and moral fitness of mankind , and until man should become a different being from what he is at present , that system would continue to be the wisest and the justest for the guidance and government of mankind . The character and authority of that great and good man , stood so justly and eminently high in universal estimation , that he should have thought it unnecessary to say anything in vindication of his writings . But when they were assailed from such a quarter and by such a man as his hon . and learned friend , he would not suffer the attack to pass silently off , or without entering his protest against any attempt to decry them . Having said thus much , not in defence , of Dr. Paley , for that was 372 quite unnecessary , but in order to acquit himself of any implied acquiescence in the attack made upon his principles , he should next proceed to consider the merits of his hon . and learned friend 's motion . So far as he attested his object from his speech , it appeared to him that his learned friend wished to take away all discretion in the infliction of punishments . To this principle he could not assent , for he was persuaded that no good and much mischief would result from the entire exclusion of discretion from the laws . But he would readily admit that the discretion if left in existence ought to be on the side of remission and not of aggravation . If his hon . and learned friend 's principle were to be adopted , and all discretion taken away , there would then be an end to that most amiable and endearing attribute of majesty , the power of extending mercy . He would grant , however , that the discretion , which , with Dr. Paley , he thought ought to exist somewhere , should be regulated by certain known and fixed rules , and also , that so far as words were capable of doing it , the intention of the legislature on this head should be accurately defined . He feared it was impossible to attain the end which his hon . and learned friend had in view , unless indeed we could reach the perfection of law , by which every offence , which ought to be punished , would be punished , and no act deserving it should escape punishment . As this perfection of law was unattainable , he could not concur with his hon . and learned friend in taking away that discretion in the administration of the laws , which was actually necessary to correct their inevitable imperfection . But if he could not assent to that principle of excluding all discretion , he had equally strong objections to the manner in which his hon . and learned friend proposed to transfer whatever portion of discretion might be suffered to remain from the judges to juries . ( No , no , said sir Samuel Romilly . ) He had certainty understood his hon . and learned friend to have so stated his principle . ( No , no , repeated sir S. Romilly ) Well he should not persist in pressing his interpretations of his hon . and learned friend 's sentiments against so positsve a denial , but would contend that as a discretion must be left somewhere , it would be much better that it should rest with the judges than with