more could lord Wellington have received , if he had eminently distinguished himself in several campaigns , if he had grown old in arduous service like the late sir Ralph Abercrombie , and closed a life of professional labour in the arms of a signal victory ? What had lord Nelson received for the glorious victory at Aboukir , which gave to this country the French fleet , and the army that had overrun Egypt ? He would assert , without fear of contradiction , that if the victory of Aboukir had not been 447 gained , we should neither have destroyed the French fleet nor expelled the French army from Egypt . Yet what had that illustrious hero got for such a splendid victory , which led to such important consequences ? He was made a baron , with a pension of 2,000l . a year.—He was ready to make allowance for the feelings by which gentlemen might be actuated on this subject ; but setting aside those feelings , would any gentleman compare the services of lord Wellington with those of lord Nelson ? Was it possible that such a comparison could be made , or could any man of sound mind and unimpaired faculties conceive any reason why the same rewards should be conferred for very dissimilar services ? —The battle of Vimiera was , however , pressed into the cause , and made in part the ground of the intended grant . But had not that battle given to Junot and the French army the only chance they could have had of maintaining themselves in Portugal ? —But it was said that this grant ought not to be resisted on the ground of a narrow economy . Under suitable circumstances ; where great services might have been performed , even though the situation of the country was more embarrassed , he should never , upon any such paltry principle of economy , think of objecting to the grant of an adequate pension . But in ail cases where the merit of the services was doubtful , he thought that maxims of public economy ought to be most particularly attended to . He was sorry the peerage had been granted ; but as that House had nothing to do with that subject , he thought they ought not to add to it the pension . Ministers , instead of a pension , might have given to lord Wellington a lucrative military government ; they might have given him one of those places of profit which were constantly becoming vacant , and ought to do so rather than take this pension from the purses of the people . But no ; they had other claimants for such good things.—The right hon . gent . had indulged in some exultation because the former question had not been pressed to a division ; but he doubted whether that right hon . gent . had much reason to triumph on the result of divisions . For his own part , he doubted much whether public opinion was with the right hon . gent . on that or the present occasion ; but whatever might be the case now , he was convinced that it would not be with him a month hence , when the whole fruits of lord Wellington 's 448 victories and campaigns would develope themselves to public view . He was sorry and alarmed to hear that lord Wellington had declared that he could defend Portugal with 50,000 men , provided 30,000 of them were British troops . All he knew was , that if the French were in earnest in their design upon Portugal , before three months lord Wellington and his army would be in England . Would to God they were in England at this moment ! If Portugal were to be defended by him , he was afraid that they would have to deplore some such ruinous and bloody victories as that of Talavera , which would terminate in the loss of Portugal . Neither Portugal nor any other country could be defended by victories like that of Talavera.—Mr . Calcraft then adverted to