. `` —On the question being put , said he would not oppose the motion , but he thought it would have been better if the hon . gent . had deferred it till the report of the committee of Finance should enable the House to come to some decision upon the question . There were various considerations connected with the case , which should be attended to , before any final determination could be had upon 381 the subject . It would not only be necessary to consider what sinecures should be abolished , but also what places executed by deputy should be regulated , as well as what increase of salary should be given to the deputies upon whom the duties of the office would fall . Upon all these grounds , he was of an opinion that it would be better for the hon . gent . to put off his motion to some future day . as this was a question which had been frequently under the consideration of the House , did not think a bare vote sufficient for him , and therefore felt it necessary to state the ground upon which he was induced to support the motion of the hon . gent . But at the same time that he supported this motion , he could not subscribe to the doctrine , as , a plain self-evident truth , that all sinecure offices ought to be abolished . If the measure had been presented to him on any such general grounds , in spite of all the unpopularity which might attach to his conduct , he should feel it his duty to oppose it ; but in the present case , the ground upon which he supported the hon . gent . 's motion , arose out of the exception which had been made by that hon . gent. , namely , the enormous increase of the influence of the crown . It was now nearly 30 years since the celebrated Resolutions , proposed by Mr. Dunning , had been agreed to by that House , viz . `` That the influence of the crown had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished . '' He begged gentlemen would bear in mind , that since that period the public establishments had been trebled ; the amount of taxes augmented in the highest degree ; that the influence of the crown had risen as the country had declined , that it grew with its decay , and strengthened with its weakness ; that there was not a family in the whole nation that was not suffering under the consequences of the calamities which had resulted from the system that had been pursued ; nay , he should add , that there was not an individual in the '' country , who was not alive to the mischiefs necessarily arising from having the administration of the government committed to such incapable men , who pursued a course of conduct equally inconsistent with common principles and common sense.—No man could be more attached than he was to the monarchical part of the constitution , nor more decidedly adverse to revolutionary doctrines ; and in wishing to diminish the 382 number of sinecure places , his object was to strengthen the crown , by relieving the burthens of the people . Some check must be put to this kind of influence , not only for the sake of the people , but for the sake of the crown itself . It was because he wished to see the safety of the crown ensured that he wished to see it made somewhat less lofty . It was his wish to see it resting upon the broadest basis . He had but one word more to add on the subject , and that was , that infinitely more advantage than could be expected from the abolition of sinecure places , would be derived from the reform of the great branches of the administration ; such reform as had been pointed out by the finance committee . Another source of great public advantage would be found in