have addressed the house . The noble earl who had just spoken had asked , whether without proofs they should go into inquiry , nay more pronounce judgment ? But would he therefore contend , that without proofs the house should go into an expression of approval ? For his part , he wanted no proofs , but those already before the House . The proofs demanding not only inquiry but condemnation stood confessed before them . They were plain and manifest . The whole conviction of his mind , and the conviction of every one who considered the subject , called for judgment . It was impossible to argue against the direful effects already experienced , and those still more terrible calamities which threatened us . Upon the 28 face of the case he would therefore go the full length of the Amendment , although it only pledged their lordships to inquiry at present . The noble earl had not fairly stated the case of Austria , as put by his noble friend . He would admit , as stated in the speech , that we had not encouraged Austria to go to war , but what was the real fact ? Austria , having once of her own accord , by her own voluntary determination , drawn the sword against France , ministers would have neglected their duty if they did not immediately employ every means to assist her exertions . We were interested in her success , and it was their duty to encourage not only her , but every other power that was disposed to light her battles . As no specific promise of aid had been given , none was broken ; but if that aid , which our interests required , was not granted , ministers had equally neglected their duty . His noble friend ( lord Grenville ) had not said that the succour to be employed in making a diversion in her favor should amount to so large a force as 100,000 men . He only contended that ministers , having determined to send out a certain force , it ought to have been directed to a different point from that to which it was actually sent . It would have threatened most formidable consequences to France , had the force sent out been landed on the south of Germany . Again , had it been sent to the north , what might not have been expected from it , acting in the rear of the French army , and combining and sustaining the scattered troops on that part of the continent ? —With respect to Spain , he differed entirely from the noble earl . The case of Spain afforded the best opportunity of terminating the war with glory , and of shaking if not overturning the power of Buonaparté . The enthusiasm existing in that country could not be questioned , for nothing but enthusiam could have kept armies still together , after so many defeats and disasters . That enthusiasm made Spain a lever , by which the power of France might have been removed from its foundation , an engine that might be put in action with the greatest force and effect against her . It was , therefore , the interest of this country to have identified herself with Austria , and shared with her every danger . But although we were not pledged to Austria , it would not be contended that we were not pledged to Spain . The pledge to Spain was not only given by parliament , but it was confirmed by the universal and 29 enthusiastic voice of the country . And how had that pledge been fulfilled ? ministers sent an army to Portugal , with instructions , if one may judge from those , which transpired upon the inquiry into the Convention of Cintra , to deliver that country , and consider Spain as merely a secondary object . Sir Arthur Wellesley 's army , however , did advance into Spain , and gained a victory ; but although the stronger , and victorious army , it immediately retreated .