Admiralty board , and five days after were returned to his Majesty for the purpose of having the recommendations they contained carried into execution . These six voluminous Reports therefore had passed the council and the Admiralty board , without much consideration . He supposed , from this haste , that the board did not intend to revise them . The subordinate boards , with the diligence which , he knew , characterized them , were now acting upon them , certainly contrary to the intentions of the commissioners themselves , because the Reports could only be considered as experimental . If there were a difference between the two modes of accounting recommended , and one mode were preferable to the other , let it be seen whether there was any thing so different in the construction of the two offices which prevented the application of similar principles.—The revision of which he was desirous , and which was so necessary , could not be left either to the Admiralty or Navy boards ; not from their want of ability for that purpose ; but for reasons stated in the very patent that established the commission ; `` that it was impossible , during the war , and with the pressing daily and hourly duties of those boards , for them to undertake such laborious investigations . '' No money could have been better laid out for the public service , than a few thousand pounds to provide for the continuance of the commission , till the commissioners should have revised their former reports . He had reason now to lament that the period most convenient for this revision had passed without affording an opportunity to the commissioners , for again revising 360 the reports which they had made on this most interesting subject . With respect to the commissioners , some alteration had taken place since their appointment ; for instance , the advanced period of life of one , lord Barham , had rendered it necessary he should retire from the labour of official business , and another ( Mr. Fordyce ) whose ability , integrity and capacity for business were exemplary , had died within the period assigned to the discharge of their duty . He complimented highly the talents of the several commissioners , and it was also to be recollected how important and arduous a duty attached itself to the revision of naval affairs . They were bound to extend their researches to a period as far distant as that when the duke of York presided at the head of the Admiralty in the reign of Charles the second . Lord Barham was much advanced in years , and might not be inclined to re-engage in such labours : but sir Roger Curtis , Mr. Serle , and admiral Domett remained , though even they might be fully employed in other services . If lord Barham were willing to resume his labours , and the commission could be revived , he should be glad . At the same time , he trusted ministers would not conceive he was calling upon them to institute another commission of naval revision . He knew too well the inconveniences which would result from the institution of a second commission . His only object in addressing their lordships upon this important subject was to direct their lordships attention to the importance of those Reports upon the table . The noble viscount concluded by moving `` That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty , requesting that he will be pleased to inform the House what steps had been taken conformably to the Report of the Commissioners for Naval Inquiry ; and whether it was the intention of his Majesty 's ministers to act on the recommendation of that Report . '' was not fully prepared to make that reply which perhaps would be most consistent with the motion of the noble viscount . With regard to the propriety of many of his observations , no one would question their real importance . But no one more than the noble viscount ought to be convinced , from experience , that considerable