appeared not less extraordinary ; but , perhaps , it was susceptible of explanation—as last year the estimate of the foreign depôt was 15,000l . ; in this year it was 20,000l .. —an excess of 5,000l . ; while the whole expence of the British depôt , including the cavalry , was estimated at only 13,000l . ! — [ Here several members became impatient for the question ] Gentlemen might call out question ! question ! but that would only protract the debate , for he was determined to do his duty . On the head of barracks in Ireland , there was a grant of 135,500l . for the erection of new barracks . Would the Committee without document or information grant such a sum ? He had on a former occasion stated , that there were already several very excellent barracks in Ireland , unoccupied , and yet 135,500l . was asked for building more barracks in that country and this , too at the very time when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) in his pamphlet , having just discovered that this barrack system is so expensive—acknowledges himself to have been deceived in it ! he trusted , however , that the Committee would not consent to throw away the public money in this manner.—There was but one more point on which he should trouble the Committee . The different regiments were all calculated at their full establishments ; but on what ground 630 did they vote away the public money for men who were not in existence , as it was well known that none of the regiments were complete in their establishments ? Was it possible that the whole of the money demanded could be wanted ? Not one-third of it . The second battalions of many regiments were composed of boys , the pay to whom was nine-pence ; and yet these estimates , on which they were called upon to vote away the public money , made no distinction , but classed them all as men at one shilling.—He anxiously trusted that the Committee would pause—that they would make a stand ere they thus lavishly voted away sums in his opinion so greatly exceeding the necessity of the service . It was his intention to have moved , that the estimates be referred to a select Committee—in that he should not , however , persevere ; but he would maintain , that were a minute examination of the sums actually required for the service of the year to be instituted , the estimate before the Committee would have been reduced at least two or perhaps three millions . He trusted that after what he had stated , something decisive would be attempted by his Majesty 's ministers on the different objects of retrenchment which he had pointed out ; but if , unhappily , he should be disappointed in that hope and expectation , he should certainly feel it his duty to bring forward so important a subject by some specific motion . could not help replying to one or two of the observations of the hon . gent . who spoke last . With respect to the delay in making up the regimental accounts , he had the satisfaction of stating to the House , his belief that a plan which he had himself partly suggested before he retired from office , was now carried , or carrying into effect , from which the most satisfactory results had taken place : the account being now in a very forward state of adjustment . Great fault had been found with the estimate for the army exceeding the actual amount of the establishment . That excess had been most ably and most clearly stated by the noble lord who opened the debate ; he had only to observe , therefore , that it was a rule which had been adopted for two or three years past , of averaging instead of estimating , the precise amount at its real value ; by these means , every contingency was completely answered ; and the surplus was appropriated for other