the House of Commons the gallery should be filled in this tumultuous manner ; but if that should happen to be the case , would the House think of taking into custody those who were introduced by members , and in conformity to an order , reputed a standing order . He thought that where strangers were introduced by members , they should be allowed to continue , except when the question was such that it was not proper to be discussed before strangers . Such a subject had not frequently occurred ; and he could not conceive why in the present case it should be deemed necessary to exclude strangers . To permit strangers to hear the discussion on this subject , would be the most likely way to ingratiate the House 329 with the public . They had lately been used to it day after day . When the character of the king 's son was to he investigated , and his conduct sifted in the minutest manner , not a syllable had been heard of the exclusion of strangers ; but , when the conduct and character of ministers was to be inquired into , then it appeared to be a subject too tender and delicate for public inspection in that House . He thought there never was a period in our history , in which it was more necessary for parliament to conciliate the public ; and , wishing that to be the case , he would move , `` That a Committee of Privileges be appointed to meet to-morrow , in the Speaker 's Chamber , to consider the order Of the 25th of January last . '' said , he supposed it might create some surprise that he should , on the present occasion , speak and vote against the motion brought forward by his right hon . friend . This was , however , one of those accidental matters in which he had always differed in opinion with his right hon . friend . His right hon . friend had said , that he thought it a matter of importance ; he for his own part confessed he did not think it was . This would frequently be the case . The importance of the war had not weighed sufficiently with his right hon . friend to bring him to the House in the various questions concerning it , that had been discussed since the commencement of the session , though this Standing Order had produced that effect . His right hon . friend had always been an advocate for the liberty of the press . He ( Mr. Windham ) was the same ; but on other grounds , and what had been said by his right hon . friend on the present question , seemed to him to be rather the matter of a threat than an argument . To allude to the enforcement of all other standing orders was a threat , and not an argument . This Standing Order had obtained and been submitted to for a century , and no inconvenience had been found in it till within the last 30 years . His right hon . friend seemed to consider the right of admission of strangers into the gallery as a part of the constitution of that House , whereas , on the contrary , it had been granted as a mere matter of favour . He would first ask , how much the country had gained in the improvement of its affairs since that practice had obtained . He could not say in what respect the country had gained any thing : past times might be contrasted with the present ; but still , from the daily manner 330 in which the debates were published , he wanted to know in what way he was to state the advantages accruing to the country . What was the value to their constituents of knowing what was passing in that House ? Supposing they should never know , it was only the difference between a representative government and a democracy . Till within the last 20 or 30