and disease . Had he had the honour of assisting in his majesty 's councils , it was most highly probable , that he should have persevered in the plan he had before judged to be prudent , and he had seen nothing within the last seventeen months to lead his mind to a different view of the subject . But this was not the question now before their lordships ; it was no inquiry into the propriety or wisdom of offensive and defensive warfare : it was notorious , that ministers had determined on the former , and upon the propriety of making a great effort , upon the continent . The examination then was , whether , having adopted the offensive system , they pursued this scheme of their vigorous policy by the best means ? Were the objects attainable , and , if attainable , were they material to the final result of the conflict , in which we were engaged ? When he held the seals of the foreign department , the expedition to the Scheldt , which had been undertaken by the present ministers , had been frequently pressed upon him . He therefore turned his attention to it ; and , after making every due enquiry , he was convinced that the object of destroying the arsenals at Antwerp and the shipping in the Scheldt , was not attainable . With regard to the Austrian war , he certainly would not have pledged himself against co-operation in it , though , as he said before , it was the duty of the government of this country to œconomise its means , in order to meet the probable demands of a protracted war , and the possible exigencies of home defence.—He would have said to Austria , however , in the event of her embarking in the war , that , if she thought war unavoidable , she should have such assistance as the situation of this country would admit ; but after 17 years experience of wars , of battles which had been lost , and monarchies destroyed , the interests of this country re- 33 quired much caution and wise management , in the employment of our means . He would not , as he had heard had in the first instance been done by ministers , give a flat refusal of all co-operation or intercourse with Austria , until she should commence with an humble apology for the exclusion of the British flag from her ports in the Adriatic . This was a conduct so very absurd , that he could with difficulty believe that it had been adopted even by the present administration . He perfectly coincided with the noble earl ( Harrowby ) in his observations on the character of the ruler of France . Active in the pursuit of his main object , he would not be diverted from it by inferior considerations . But this practice was not only familiar to every great mind ; but it was the vulgar maxim of early tuition , to master one difficulty before you undertake another . Conscious of this , ministers ought to have acted on the expectation of the adherence of Buonaparté to his invariable practice , and for this reason , the time , the place , and the occasion , ought to have been attentively examined before any expedition should have been determined upon . Their operations ought to have been conducted at a moment when he was most weakened ; directed to the situation where he was most vulnerable ; and executed during that seasonable opportunity when these advantages of time and place would have so cooperated as to have rendered success probable , if not certain . These were the principles to which they ought to have adhered , and it was upon these principles that their conduct ought to be tried . How , then , did the fact stand ? when the ministers had at last determined on a continental effort , they chose the object which was perfectly unattainable , and which , had it been attainable , could have had no