afford to Spain . If then their lordships had not abandoned the whole system of that policy upon which this country has hitherto acted towards Portugal , if they were not prepared to desert both Spain and Portugal in this crisis of their fate , what could now induce them to depart from the principle , even of encouraging Portugal to make exertions for her own defence ? He must again say that he was wholly at a loss to divine what arguments could be adduced in opposition to the present motion . He heard it intimated indeed , not long since by a friendly voice , ( lord Grenville ) a voice which he trusted would always prove friendly to him , but which never could prove more friendly than when , as on the present occasion , it afforded him an opportunity of vindicating the good faith and honour of this country : by that voice he had heard it intimated that circumstances had recently occurred , which rendered the whole cause desperate ; that it was in vain to continue any further aid to Portugal or Spain , and that consequently it would be useless to concur in the present address . He was ready to admit that great disasters had lately befallen the Spanish cause : he admitted it with pain and regret , and no person could view them 510 with deeper concern than he did ; but still they were far from sinking his mind into despair . Still he would contend , that it was neither politic nor just to manifest any intention of abandoning Portugal . And here he would call upon their lordships distinctly to say , whether they were prepared to withdraw the British troops from Portugal , and thus dispirit that country and induce her to relax her efforts for her own defence ? What advantage could be derived from thus casting over our own councils , and the hopes of Portugal and Spain the hue and complexion of despair ? To tell them that the hour of their fate was arrived , that all attempts to assist them ; or even to inspirit their exertions in their own defence , were now of no avail ; that they must bow the neck and submit to the yoke of a merciless invader ? This indeed would be to strew the conqueror 's path with flowers ; to prepare the way for his triumphal march to the throne of the two kingdoms . Was it then for this that so much treasure had been expended , that so much blood had been shed ( loud cries of hear ! hear ! ) that so much of the blood had been shed of those gallant and loyal nations ? Whatever calamities and disasters had befallen them , they were not imputable to the people of Spain . The spirit of the people was excellent , and he still ventured to hope that it would prove unconquerable . All their defeats and disasters were solely to be as cribed to the vices of their government . It was his decided opinion , and he would not hesitate again to repeat it ; that it was the imbecility or treachery of that vile and wretched government which first opened the breach through which the enemy entered into the heart of Spain : that delivered into hostile bands all the fortresses of that country ; and betrayed her people defenceless and unarmed into the power of a perfidious foe . Let us not contribute to accomplish what they have so inauspiciously begun . Let not their lordships come to any resolution that can justify Portugal in relaxing her exertions , or Spain in considering her cause as hopeless . Yet what other consequence would result from prematurely withdrawing the British troops from Portugal , or retracting the grounds upon which we have hitherto assisted her ? He intreated their lordships seriously to weigh all these considerations in their mind , and he was confident that every motive and principle of good faith , justice , honour and policy would concur 511 in persuading thorn