clergy . He should be sorry to oppose any justifiable method of relieving the wants of that body of men , but never would he consent to do so by imposing additional exactions on a burthened and almost exhausted country . If the poor clergy were so indigent , they could not derive relief from a fitter source than the wealthy part of their own calling.—the higher order of the established clergy were , in all conscience , rich enough to contribute to the necessities of the poorer class of their brotherhood ; there could be no doubt that so opulent a body had the means to assist the individuals attached to it , and while they were so amply gifted with the means , it would be invidious to express a doubt , that men of their profession would be wanting in the inclination . To the rich clergy , therefore , he would leave their poorer brethren , or to whatever benefit might be drawn from an application to that purpose of queen Ann 's bounty ; in short he would agree to any plausible expedient for their relief , but never would hear of wringing from the hard hands of honest industry the last shilling for such an application.—With respect to the Expeditions , it could not be contended , that the prima facie result of our military operations was not disgrace . There was marked disgrace upon the face of the campaign ; ( to apply that term to the whole of our military operations ) failure , total failure in Spain , and utter disgrace in Walcheren . He should not now enter 119 into the merits of the plan , or the question of the delay that had occurred in carrying that plan into effect ; but it was well known that such either was our secrecy or our dispatch , that for three months before our expedition sailed , general Monnet 's proclamation disclosed the object of that armament , and during that period counter-preparations were making by the enemy to oppose it . But there was one circumstance connected with this subject that appeared to him not a little extraordinary . He bad read an order from a noble lord lately at the head of the war department ( lord Castlereagh ) , directed to the captains and commanders in the fleet employed in the descent upon Walcheren , and requiring them to search their respective ships and vessels , and ( when found ) to send back to this country a person who was said to have sailed with the fleet ; the person to whom he alluded was Mr. Finnerty , and it seemed that in order to comply with the directions of the noble lord , every minor consideration was thrown aside ; the other objects of the grand expedition were suspended , and the British fleet put into active requisition for the purpose of facilitating the apprehension of Mr. Finnerty . He did not wish to be too curious in inquiring into the cause of this important part of the service ; but as to its effects , it had transpired , that owing to the busy occupation that now engrossed the attention of the commanders , a transport containing the entrenching tools was left behind , and the want of those tools produced , it is said , he knew not with what truth , some delay in the construction of the works before Flushing . With respect to the other topics , the campaign in the Peninsula , our affairs in the East Indies , our dispute with America , he could not but assent to the substance of the objections that had been made , though be confessed that as to questions involving military topics he thought himself , and many of those who heard him , not the most competent judges ; but he could judge of the change that had taken place in the prospects of the country since the year 1793 . When the war that then broke but , founded as it was in folly and injustice , what terrible predictions