time , he was so far friendly to the principle , and so fully persuaded of the necessity of the measure , he trusted that delay would be 592 as short as possible . On this account he recommended to his noble friend to agree to the motion he was about to propose , `` That the second reading of this bill , for the reasons , and with a view to the objects , he had already mentioned , should be postponed till Thursday . '' suggested , that , from all the knowledge he had gained upon this subject , it did not appear to him that there was any great distinction between prerogative Jure Coronœ , and property Jure Coronœ . He was convinced that the King 's consent might be obtained in any stage of their proceedings , before the third reading . He should therefore recommend that they proceed to the second reading of the bill now , and at any period before the third reading , if it should be thought necessary , they might refer the subject to the Committee of Privileges—If it was to be held that such consent of the crown was necessary before discussing the principle of the bill , it would be giving his Majesty a direct previous negative to a legislative measure . conceived this subject to be of great importance , as it affected the prerogative ; but apprehended , that the king 's consent might be given , with respect to property , at any time before the third reading . Yet he was not prepared to say , that the same rule would apply in the case of prerogative . It was a subject of such importance , that he would wish it should receive every due consideration . Noble lords would not , he trusted , mistake the principle of his conduct on this occasion , for he only suggested his ideas so far as to appoint a form . He would not disguise his sentiments upon the merits of the bill , which would meet with his opposition now , as it had done upon a former occasion ; but even if he had been favourable to the general prohibition of places in reversion , yet there were prohibitions of such a nature in the bill , that he should have thought it necessary to make many alterations , and do away its inconsistency , when it came before a committee . considered it very questionable how they should act with propriety , wherever the prerogative of the crown was concerned , and therefore recommended that the second reading should be postponed . said , it appeared to him acknowledged on all sides , that the 593 prerogative was so far concerned as to require the king 's consent in some stage of their proceedings ; but it also appeared there was no ground to suppose it ought to be obtained before a second reading . The noble and learned lord on the woolsack had suggested , that many alterations might be made in the bill when in a Committee , and therefore it followed , that this was not the most proper time for obtaining the king 's consent ; for although he might give it in the present state of the bill , such might be those alterations in the Committee as might change his Majesty 's mind with respect to the propriety of the measure . observed , after what he had heard from noble lords on this question , his doubts had been removed in regard to the most decorous time of having his Majesty 's consent ; he should therefore beg leave to withdraw his motion . Upon the motion for the second reading , The Earl of Rosslyn said , he could not sit silent on a question which so essentially affected the prerogative of the crown . The noble earl who had introduced this bill had not thought proper to state one fit reason for its being carried into effect , nor one benefit arising out of its consequences . The greatest tenderness ought at all