stand . We had lately witnessed a scene of joy and exultation which could not be equalled in the annals of the world . Could the Ruler of the French nation have received such gratification as the Jubilee afforded our venerable sovereign and his subjects ? Providence had placed us above the malice of our enemies , and he hoped no man in the country would be so mad as to neglect the means with which we had been blessed for our defence . His lordship concluded by repeating , that if we were true to ourselves , we might defy the world . then rose and said : My lords , when I addressed a few observations at the commencement of the last session of parliament to your lordships , I thought my age and infirmities would preclude me from ever again presenting myself to your consideration . But , my lords , such have been the untoward and 7 calamitous events which have occurred since that period , that I am once more induced , if my strength will admit , to trouble your lordships with a few of my sentiments on the present occasion . Indeed , we have wonderful-extraordinary men in these days , who have ingenuity enough to blazon , with the finest colours , to sound with the trumpet and the drum ; in fact , to varnish over the greatest calamities of the country , and endeavour to prove that our greatest misfortunes ought to be considered as our greatest blessings . Such was their course of proceeding after the disastrous convention of Cintra . And and now in his Majesty 's Speech they have converted another disaster into a new triumph . They talk of the glorious victory of Talavera , a victory which led to no advantage , and had all the consequences of defeat . The enemy took prisoners , the sick and the wounded , and our own troops were finally obliged precipitately to retreat . I do not mean to condemn the conduct of the officers employed either in Spain or Walcheren ; I believe they did their duty . There is no occasion to wonder at the awful events which have occurred : —they are caused by the weakness , infatuation and stupidity of ministers . I will maintain , my lords , that we owe all our disasters and disgrace to the ignorance and incapacity of his Majesty 's present administration . But what could the nation expect from men who came into office under the mask of vile hypocrisy , and have maintained their places by imposture and delusion ? Look at the whole of their conduct . The first instance of the pernicious influence of then principles was their treatment of a country at peace with us ; in a stale of profound peace they attacked her unprepared and brought her into a state of inveterate and open hostility . This was a foul act ; and the day may come when repentance will be too late . Their next achievement was to send one of the ablest men who ever commanded an army into the centre of Spain , unprovided with every requisite for such a dangerous march . If sir John Moore had not acted according to his own judgment in the perilous situation in which he had been wantonly exposed , every man of that army had been lost to the country . By his transcendent judgment , however , that army made one of the ablest retreats recorded in the page of history ; and , while he saved the remnant of his valiant troops , his own life was sacrificed 8 in the cause of his country . And what tribute had his Majesty 's ministers paid to his valued memory , what reward conferred for such eminent services ? Why my lords , even in this place , insidious aspersions were cast upon his character . People were employed in all parts of the town to calumniate his conduct . But , in spite of all the runners and dependents of administration , the character of that general