that the expedition to the Scheldt was a preferable diversion to one sent to the north of Germany . With regard to the conduct of the war , he could safely declare , that no one was to blame , neither the ministers who planned the measures , nor the officers chosen to execute them . The failures had been the consequences of circumstances which no government could foresee , and which no commanders could controul or prevent . He hoped that before their lordships determined to call for any enquiry , they would wait to see what information the papers which were to be laid before the House would produce . had to apologise for rising to 31 trouble their lordships , after what had been so ably said by the noble lords near him , and alter such a defence , if defence it could be called , as that made by the noble lords on the other side . He never had been so much surprised in ids life as he was at the tone assumed in the Speech from the throne , in alluding to what were stated to be successes achieved at Flushing and in Spain . When he considered too , that for what was called success in Spain , similar honours had been conferred on lord Wellington , to those bestowed on the duke of Marlborough , he could not help feeling at such unfounded assertions , that indignation in which he was convinced every English heart would participate , it was true , however , that ministers had not ventured to speak so boldly themselves in their defence ; and he was glad to find , from their humbled and chastened tone in speaking in that House , that they appeared to feel some remorse for the numerous miseries they had inflicted by their imbecility and misconduct on their country . Had it been otherwise , he should have supposed that Almighty vengeance was hanging over this nation , and that therefore the hearts of its rulers had been hardened in proportion as their understandings were darkened.—He was afraid , in going over the arguments used by his noble friends , that he should rather weaken them than add to their force.—The noble earl ( Harrowby ) who spoke first , on the other side , was pleased to amuse himself with sarcasms upon the former Administration ; and , in answer to the objection made , that no effectual diversion was made in favour of Austria , it was said , that no such diversion , on a prior occasion , had been resorted to in the case of Russia . If it were necessary , in a discussion of this character on the conduct of the present ministers , to enter on such a subject , it might be sufficient to say , that such a measure , if attempted at all on that occasion , must have been undertaken in the depth of winter , when the Baltic was frozen up , and when , therefore , its purpose could not have been accomplished . He was not surprised , that ministers resorted to such a flimsy and miserable expedient , indulging the hope , that by directing the attention of the House to other topics , they would render it less necessary to occupy themselves in the difficult task of their own defence . He was fully satisfied , that the conduct of those , with whom he had had the honour 32 to act at the period alluded to , was best calculated to promote the interest and welfare of the country . What had it been ? It was to husband the resources of the state ; that at a time when they should be most wanted they might be adequately and advantageously employed for the public security . Had such a discreet and prudent system of policy been adopted by the present ministers , the nation would not now have to deplore her treasures expended , the blood of her brave armies poured forth , and her gallant defenders suffering under the ravages of pestilence