631 objects specified in the estimate . The statement of the hon . gent . with respect to the clothing of the army , excited in him so much surprise , he could not possibly conceive it to be correct . said , he still retained all the sentiments he expressed last session , with regard to the proposition of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) with which sentiments he had not this night uttered a word in any degree inconsistent . considered the continuance of the waggon train in Ireland as a most severe and unnecessary expence . He complained , that in bringing forward the present army estimates no attention appeared to have been paid to the valuable advice contained in the Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . No answer had been given to the question , whether the members of the late medical board received pensions , and whether the duke of Brunswick 's corps received bounty or not . contended that no practical grievance accrued from the employment of foreign troops . It was a theoretic complaint , and calculated to produce as much delusion as another question , upon which much clamour was excited , he meant Parliamentary Reform . Much was said about good old times , and of our ancestors ; but when such appeals were made for such purposes , he was almost inclined to wish that we had had no ancestors at all . replied shortly to the objections of the preceding speakers . With respect to the abolition of the local militia , he had only to observe , that that was a force established by act of parliament , and it could only be reduced by a legislative proceeding . The expences of it , however , had been considerably exaggerated ; he had the satisfaction of stating to the Committee , that great reductions were daily making in its appointment , and he trusted that the objections to the heaviness of its charge upon the country , would be speedily removed by these regulations . There were many of the estimates , which he humbly conceived were objected to upon very fallacious grounds . The most material subject of complaint seemed to be the waggon train ; which was objected to upon the score of inutility , and the enormous expence required to maintain it . With respect to the latter objection he could only assure the Committee , that every econo- 632 mical arrangement had been resorted to , for the purpose of reducing its expence to the lowest possible estimate . As to its utility , he could only refer the Committee to the opinions of those great generals , who had experienced its advantages . He trusted he need only instance the testimony of lord Wellington to remove the prejudices which seemed to prevail on the subject . That noble and gallant general derived such considerable assistance from its services in Spain , that he requested to be reinforced with five additional troops . On the subject of the Manx Fencibles , he must say , that if their importance in a military capacity was not very great , yet in a municipal point of view , they were of the highest value , in protecting the coast , and preventing contraband trade . The objection urged in respect to the increase of cavalry he trusted would be obviated by a due consideration of the importance of keeping up a supply of young horses to fill the ranks , when horses of a proper age , as had been proved by experience , could not be procured for any money , for immediate exigencies . With respect to the reduction of the regiments of the line , as far as the establishments would admit , without endangering the safety of the country , every thing had been done to lessen the expence , and dispense with superfluous corps . Whatever might be thought of detaching regiments , no general , he believed , would wish a diminution of the real effective force of the army . There was another point