which this paper came before them . This he did not hesitate to say was wholly repugnant to every practice which past experience and the principles of the constitution would be found to warrant ; for instance , they knew by what means the paper had come to them from the king ; but could they say who was the author , by what organ , or through what channel , it had reached the royal presence . Suppose , upon the first part of the case , they should come to the resolution of impeaching lord Chatham as the supposed author , with what testimony , and upon what evidence , could they support their charge at the bar of the House of Lords ? The paper appeared on the face of it to be unofficial , and to have been delivered privately into the king 's closet , and they could neither constitutionally , nor with decency , look for evidence from that august quarter . Who , then , should say that the noble earl was neither the author nor deliverer of the paper ? If it were to be found deserving of censure , it would be said the noble lord was that night to be examined at their bar , and the difficulty could be solved by asking him the question . But what if his lordship refused to be examined ? The fact was , they were now called upon to decide upon the admissibility of the paper upon the evidence now before them ; and he contended , it came in so questionable a shape , so contrary to every precedent and practice grounded on the principles of the constitution , that the House was bound not merely to reject , but to censure it . and lord Cochrane rose at the same time . was anxious to speak before the noble lord , whose feelings , as a naval man , must be much agitated by what they had heard . He understood from a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) that he , while in his Majesty 's service , had suggested a call on lord Chatham , for a narrative of the Expedition . This would have been the proper course ; but it was evident the idea had not been persevered in . Upon the face of the paper , it appeared to him that there was not only a condemnation of ministers , but of the noble lord himself . Now was the communication of the noble lord known , or unknown , to ministers ? It must have been unknown . It was written in October , and presented in February ; between which dates an Address had been presented to his Majesty , 490 from the City of London , to which his Majesty was advised to answer , that he judged no inquiry necessary—Lord Chatham could not have been consulted as a minister upon this answer , for he must have said , that inquiry into the naval part of the Expedition , at least , was necessary.—How , then , did he stand as one of his Majesty 's responsible advisers ? If ministers did not know of this communication , then they deserved impeachment for advising such an answer to the metropolis of the empire . If they did know of it , and lord Chatham was a party to that answer , then his conduct was reprehensible in the extreme . It was said the navy might gainsay any accusation against them . How could they gainsay this private poison secretly instilled into the ear of their royal master ? —The paper was moved for by a private friend of lord Chatham , and it did seem as if it was formed for the purpose to which it was applied , of throwing blame from lord Chatham upon sir R. Strachan and the navy . A right hon . gent . had said that every man might have access to his Majesty ; why , then , was not the city of London admitted ? —Lord Chatham , as