proved that he was as efficient for his present situation as his predecessor . The case of Buenos Ayres that had been cited was not in point ; for in that case there had been inquiry ; and the unfortunate officer who had had the command of that Expedition had been broke . It had been said that the public , notwithstanding the nature of the previous question , might form wrong notions of it . The public do not technically understand it , but practically they understood it as well as they did in that House , and would think it merely a trick to defeat inquiry . There was no , need of further inquiry before the present motion—the calamity was notorious . What would be the feeling of any man , if upon seeing a man dead with twenty-gashes in his head , and when it was proposed that they should go before the coroner ( just what was proposed in the present case ) , some one should object , `` No , no , never mind the coroner—but 205 here is a gentleman who will tell us his story about it '' ? —aye—but he may be the murderer himself . ( A laugh . ) With respect to the promise of inquiry contained in his Majesty 's Speech , it was all very good , and he had great respect for it , and so forth , but considering it the promise of his Majesty 's ministers he did not believe one word of it . For the House must remember that often before they had had promises of a similar nature , nay much stronger ; and they all knew what had become of them . He wanted not papers , he wanted evidence , viva voce evidence at their bar ; and nothing short of that would satisfy him . No gentleman had the boldness to suggest a secret committee or a select committee , —the inquiry must be carried on in a committee of the whole House . It had been frequently asserted that the object of the motion was to turn out ministers , and it was whimsical enough too that the right hon . gent . himself ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) had , gravely stated that as an objection to the motion , as , if ' even that event should take place , it would be so deplorable a calamity . He for his own part had no hesitation openly to avow , that he was anxious to get them out , and most sincerely and ardently hoped , that the present motion might he attended with that very desirable effect . The right hon . gent . concluded by stating , that the confidence of the country in that House had been shaken , and that it seriously behoved them to endeavour to retrieve it . He did not blame the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) nor the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) for the silence observed by them ; but he would confess that he felt very anxious to know , whether they meant to oppose the original motion for inquiry . rose to rescue himself from the imputation of wishing to defeat inquiry , by voting for the previous question , which did not negative investigation , in proposing to delay it until the papers were before the House . was of opinion , that under the circumstances that had been stated , it would be better to postpone any direct motion for Inquiry until the House was in possession of the information promised . This was a deference which , he conceived due to the government . But whatever due to the these papers might be , they would not supersede the necessity of an Inquiry of some kind . Inquiry could not be avoided , it must take place sooner 206 or later . Inconveniencies , however , would be in the mode of inquiry that would result from the adoption of the motion . These he would state before he sat down . One of