enjoyed by his Protestant fellow subject , he had always thought a measure of imperious necessity , originating in wisdom , and founded upon the public good . He had , however , at the same time thought , and uniformly thought , that the investiture of a foreign power with the unqualified and arbitrary right of nomination to any portion of our magistracy , was in itself an objection that circumscribed the liberality of many , and had shaken the confidence of more . This objection might perhaps be removed , certainly be modified . He thought it ought to be modified ; for putting it broadly , it was calculated to awaken apprehension of injurious consequences to these realms , and more particularly if looked at in reference to the present situation of the spiritual head of the Roman Catholic religion . The Pope was or was likely to be , a French subject ; it was desirable , it was indispensible that the nomination of the spiritual magistrates of so great a portion of the community should not be placed under the controul of the common enemy . In saying this , he spoke the sentiments , the wishes of the Roman Catholics of Ireland ; their opinion in this respect was notorious and decisive ; they were unanimous as to the object ; they differed only as to the means : and if the majority should ultimately disapprove of the measure of Veto , he thought that it behoved the Catholics to provide by some other mode equally efficient , and not equally obnoxious , that no grounds be left for those gloomy apprehensions of insecurity , resulting from acceding to their claims.—It was , he repeated , absolutely incumbent upon the Catholics to adopt some other mode , since they could not agree to that , to 635 shew that the admitting them to the privileges of the constitution was wholly consistent with its safety . He had deep and ample faith in that consistency—but now when the Pope was , or was soon to be , the subject of a foreign enemy , the Catholics would be solicitous to provide that the nomination of their spiritual magistracy should not be an instrument against that constitution they had so long contributed their aid to support , and so long solicited the privilege to enjoy . The Catholic might not think the mode of Veto the best way to effect this desirable purpose , but the object was not the less ardently to be wished for because they disputed the best means of attaining it . Upon some future day he would take occasion to call the solemn deliberation of the House , to sit in judgment upon the great question of giving all the defenders of the empire the same dear interests in its security—of consolidating our means as a people , by making us an united people , cementing our strength by a more universal diffusion of the privileges that made us strong , and extending the defence of our rights by extending their participation . On that day he should rest his arguments upon two great claims , which he would put in on the part of the constitution : first , no religious disability ; next , no foreign nomination . Upon the common ground of those two principles , he would take his stand : for the present he should say no more . He deprecated in the present stage any conversation that could not embrace the question fully , and that might go too far upon detached points ; and upon the future discussion he trusted that there would not be betrayed , upon either the one side or the other , any heat or violence . This was a question upon which transient effusions of un-governed warmth might inflict permanent wounds . Passion and prejudice should keep equally aloof from its discussion . The soothing progress of time had imperceptibly done much to heal , and change , and reconcile—reciprocal good will had been gaining upon reciprocal recrimination . The question was a sort of protracted marriage . Both