combining the efforts of our allies in the pro-secution of the arduous contest in which they and this country were now engaged , He would ask then , what has of late occurred to make us swerve from that good faith which has hitherto characterized our connection with Portugal , or to depart from those principles which have invariably influenced our alliance with that kingdom , to the present hour ? —In the course of what he had briefly to state on the present occasion , he should first advert to the nature of the arrangement recommended in his Majesty 's Message . That arrangement would be folly understood by a reference to the papers now on the table . In the early part of those transactions which menaced the independence of Portugal , it was proposed in aid of the cause of that country to take 10,000 Portuguese troops into the pay of England to be commanded by British officers . At a subsequent period it was judged expedient to add 10,000 more to that number , and lastly in the present year , it was thought proper to carry the extent of that force to 30,000 men by a further addition of 10,000 more . The charge for the first 20,000 men was estimated at 600,000l . That for the present 10,000 men , 250,000l . to which was to be added a further sum of 30,000l . for the maintenance of the officers to be employed in disciplining and training these Portuguese levies , and in preparing them adequately to act in conjunction with the British troops . It was proper it should be understood that no specific treaty had been concluded for this purpose ; but that the arrangement 507 agreed upon , placed it at the discretion of his Majesty 's Government to act according to the nature of the varying circumstances to which the situation of Portugal must now be liable . This was thought the most expedient mode , as from the distance of the Portuguese government , if a specific treaty had been entered into , stipulations might have been provided , which from the fluctuating state of affairs in Portugal , it might be found impossible to execute , and which therefore might prove highly inconvenient from the restrictions which they might have imposed ; while by reserving a discretionary power to his Majesty 's Government , such measures may be adopted as the course of events may render most adviseable . For these reasons no written treaty has been concluded ; but the arrangement entered into was made to rest on the plain , broad principle , that every aid should be given to Portugal to enable her to resist the common enemy ; with every degree of assistance which can tend to stimulate her own exertions , and to encourage her to call forth her own resources , for the assertion of her natural independence . Such was the general principle , such the extent , of the present arrangement with Portugal . Now if there should be happily room to observe , that in proportion to the improvement of their discipline , the resistance of the Portuguese should become more successful ; if with the improvement of their discipline , their courage and perseverance should be more resolutely displayed ; if true to herself , and confident in her own means , Portugal should shew no disposition to crouch to the enemy , or rely entirely for her deliverance on a foreign aid ; should we not be prepared on the principles of our old alliance with that country , to afford her every aid and every encouragement that can contribute to animate her exertions and uphold her resolution ? Such was in all times the spirit of our policy with respect to Portugal , however it might be differently viewed by some persons ; but he should not think it necessary to go far back into the history of that , policy . Occurrences not very remote sufficiently illustrated that policy , and manifested the propriety then felt of acting in strict conformity with its principles .