every other 135 profession , was eminently encouraged ; but the revolution , which has changed other establishments , has altered the whole system of old France , and sacrificed every thing to the interest of the army . The profession of the law has been destroyed ; that of the church has been overturned ; commerce and trade are little attended to ; and nothing is countenanced with honour or respect , except the profession of arms . No stronger inducement than the consideration of the effects of such a system can influence your lordships to unanimity . When the enemy endeavours to traduce our national character in every other instance , this is the theme of his ostensible invective , and his real praise . We know he has pronounced us a nation of shopkeepers . It has been the good fortune of Great Britain to unite a military spirit with our commercial pursuits , and every encouragement is due still further to promote this spirit . No achievement was ever more entitled to praise than the victory at Talavera . It was so considered by the government of Spain—as a victory of the last importance to the safety of their country—and they conferred the highest honours on lord Wellington ; honours so great , that they will be found to have been but seldom bestowed for any services . How , I will ask , did his Majesty , in his General Orders , denominate the battle of Talavera ? — [ His lordship here read the General Orders , wherein it was stated that the French were completely defeated ] —His Majesty , in those General Orders , which might be certainly considered as proceeding from the advice of his ministers— rose to order . He considered any mention of his Majesty 's sentiments , in the course of a debate , as irregular , and inconsistent with the privileges of the House . continued—My lords , I did not mention the opinion of his Majesty , in any manner , but as the advised opinion of his ministers for which they are responsible ; and in that I conceive I am justified , according to the usage of this House I will again ask your lordships , how the victory of Talavera was estimated by our allies ? Why , universally , they considered it one of the greatest magnitude in itself and of the most advantageous nature in its consequences . It filled the breasts of the people of Spain with general admiration . It will never do , my lords , to judge of mili- 136 tary prowess , by all the rules of special pleading . I wish to press upon your attention the importance of an unanimous vote , as it will inspire your armies with a love of glory , and secure the strength of the country . The noble earl concluded by moving `` That this House do return their Thanks to general lord vise . Wellington for the skill and ability displayed by him in the battles on the 27th and 28th of July 1809 , at Talavera . '' said , as a professional man , that it was with pain to his feelings he rose to state those objections which irresistibly impelled him to express his opposition to the motion of thanks to lord Wellington . On all occasions , he was sure that the British army would discharge their duty , and , in every emergency , exhibit proofs of unquestionable valour ; but he could not , as a military man , allow that the noble general had acted prudently , in having brought himself into such a situation , as that in which the battle was fought , without his having the power to decline it . The noble earl had alluded to the battle of Maida—but that brilliant action was not to be compared with the contest at Talavera . It was decisive in its issue , and did not come under their lordships consideration , in a questionable shape , like the victory of Talavera . He could not denominate that