daily publication of the proceedings of that House at their breakfast ; and , in the name of the public , say , we have that right , and have friends in the House that will support us in our claim . His right hon . friend had said the character of the House was at stake ; according to which argument , all the Houses that had existed previous to the last 30 years had no character or reputation at ail . His right hon . friend was now also most anxious for the characters of ministers ; he could not blame him for that sensibility , but he ( Mr. W. ) was anxious for the fame of this House , and could not see why they should hesitate in supporting a Standing Order , which had the sanction of so many years in its favour . For these reasons he should certainly give his vote against the motion . felt compelled to declare the reasons which influenced him to depart from the opinion that he formerly held , in common with his right hon . friend who had just spoken , as to the inexpediency of allowing the publication of the proceedings of the House of Commons . 332 In several of the sentiments expressed by his right hon . friend he readily concurred . He believed with him that the venality of the press was great . He was willing to acknowledge , too , that the last 30 years had produced a considerable change in the constitution and situation of the country ; but while he deplored this change , it was impossible for him not to attribute it to events wholly unconnected with the existing practice of publishing in the daily papers reports of the proceedings in that House . He thought that there were other , and far different , causes to which that was more justly attributable . The great and oppressive accumulation of taxes—the long foreign wars—the establishment , to such a great degree , of standing armies—the no less remarkable increase of barracks throughout the country , were , he thought , among some of the principal causes that had led to a change so much to be lamented . With respect to the publication of their debates , he was not so certain . Formerly , he might have thought it productive of much inconvenience ; but now that it had been suffered to go on so long , he thought it was desirable that the publicity of their proceedings should experience no material interruption : although had the publication of them in no instance been connived at , he was by no means prepared to deny that he might at the present moment have opposed the introduction of such a practice for the first time . Yet as the public had been allowed regularly to receive a report of the proceedings in parliament , he was desirous that no casual interruption of that permission should occur . He was solicitous that as a change had taken place in the circumstances of the country , and even in the character of parliament , that change should be accompanied by correspondent changes in other respects . To prove that a change had taken place in the character of that House , he need only refer to the discussion of the preceding evening , during which the influence of party and personal considerations was manifested to an indecent and unexampled extent . When it broadly was stated in the House of Commons , as a matter of reproach , that a representative of the people belonged to no party , of which he may be himself an instance , such a statement was indeed evidence of a change , to which he thought the original practice of the House , in other respects , ought to conform . His right hon . friend had said , that the idea of a 333 representative body carried along with it that of the confidence of the persons represented . He wished it might be so . He wished them not only to be