persons who barter for seats ; and it is with grief we state , that when a direct and distinct charge was made in the House on the 11th day of May last , against lord Castlereagh and Mr. Perceval , members thereof , and who at the same time were two of his Majesty 's ministers , of having sold a seat therein , that the House refused to institute any inquiry ; the petitioners are therefore compelled to conclude , that the only alternative which is left to the country is a radical Reform in the representation , or a final extinction of its liberties . And that they can not conceal from the House , their apprehensions that the prayer of this their petition will not be attended to , until it be too late , but the petitioners will in any event have the satisfaction arising from a concientious discharge of the duty they owe their country . And that the petitioners most earnestly request that the House will , at an early day cause inquiry to be made into the present defective state of the representation , and 366 adopt such other means as shall prevent the choice of representatives from being committed to select bodies of men of such limited numbers as render them an easy pray to the artful , or a ready purchase to the wealthy . To shorten the duration of parliaments ; and , by removing the causes of that confusion , litigation , and expence with which they are at this day conducted , to render frequent and new elections , what our ancestors at the revolution asserted them to be , the means of a happy union between the king and the people . '' Ordered to lie upon the table . said , that in consequence of the notice he had given in the last and the present sessions , he now rose to bring under the consideration of the House , some parts of the Criminal Law of this country ; and whatever might be the effect of the motion with which he should trouble the House , he had the consolation to feel that he was but discharging his duty , and was not without great hopes , that what he had to state on the subject must be productive of public good . If he succeeded , he should congratulate the country , and feel great happiness on his having effected what he conceived to be a considerable amendment in the criminal law . It was not his intention to propose any other alteration than on two subjects ; first , the frequency of capital punishments ; secondly , what had been thought the policy and expediency of transporting persons for life , or for a certain number of years , to New South Wales . On the present occasion , he only meant to take notice of capital punishments . On a future occasion , he would bring forward the subject of transportation . As to the former he believed there was no country on the face of the earth in which there had been so many different offences according to law to be punished with death as in England . The indiscriminate application of the sentence of death to offences exhibiting very different degrees of turpitude had long been a subject of complaint in this country , but it had still been progressive and increasing . He need only refer to those principles so universally and triumphantly established by Dr. Adam Smith , very few of which had been acted upon , to prove this point . In his opinion , nothing could be more erroneous or more mischievous than that certain punishments should be allotted to particular offences , and that the law so laid down should not be acted on , and peremptorily enforced , 367 He believed that , at this moment , not one out of six or seven who received sentence suffered the punishment annexed by law to their respective offences . It was supposed by some persons that the severity of the law might and ought