be carried on without money , for the decrease of bullion in this country and its consequent augmentation of price . The additional demand for bullion ; the considerable interruption in the supply of bullion , in consequence of so long a war with Spain ; the quantity that might be supposed to be hid and buried , in consequence of the alarms , real or unfounded , arising from the critical circumstances of the times , —could all this be said to be owing to the increased circulation of paper ? An hon . gent . had furnished them with an illustration ; but with what view ? The substitution of something else for copper in sheathing shipping would throw that copper into the market , certainly ; but would it not cheapen that copper ? Whereas , in the case of the paper currency , the paper was put as a substitute for gold ; but the gold had not lessened in price , it had increased , so that he could not see the analogy , for the paper was to the gold as the supposed substitute to the copper . He , however , threw out these suggestions with great diffidence , as he was aware that he was not as well informed on the question as he hoped yet to be , when the various papers were before the House . He , therefore , should reserve to himself the right of retracting any opinion upon this subject , which more knowledge and maturer deliberation might induce him to change . agreed with the right hon . gent . that the quantity of paper money in circulation had not occasioned the scarcity in bullion so justly complained of ; but at the same time , he could not admit , that bullion had increased in value all over the world in the same proportion as it had done here . All the evidence which by acceding to the motion would be laid on the table , he was satisfied would throw no light on the subject ; and the question would be found at last wholly to depend on the difference in the rate of exchange against us in the different markets , being from 20 to 35 per cent . Every person who could carry a guinea over to the continent , would receive 28s . in return , and all the regulations the House might adopt would not be sufficient to bring one back . All the evil , he was satisfied , was to be traced to the indiscriminate use of licenses , by which all the staple commodities of France and her allies were brought to this country in return for bullion and specie . The influx of these commodities turned the rate of exchange against us to the 276 enormous degree already mentioned . The great importation of naval stores , too , for government , all of which must be paid for in specie , had contributed greatly to this end ; all was to be traced to the destructive practice of licenses . If this system were done away , things would be turned speedily into their old channel . thought the papers moved for might be of some service in correcting theories of the different gentlemen , which , in his opinion , were radically wrong . He did not , however , say , that the papers themselves would be sufficient to enable the gentlemen to form a fair judgment on the subject . The difficulty , he suspected , would be found to be in the state of the trade of the country . Undoubtedly , a paper circulation did expose the country to have the rate of exchange turned against her whenever the trade was against her . In sir W. Temple 's time , when this country wished to grant a subsidy to the bishop of Munster , it was found impossible to do so , because we could not send the coin in which it was to be raised . This could not affect our paper ; but if in the present