not deny , that in the course of the last 17 years , circumstances had occurred , which rendered an implicit adherence to the generally received and established principles of our national policy , a question of great difficulty . But nothing had arisen which , as far as regarded the ancient connection between this country and Portugal ; would , in his apprehension , justify a sudden departure from that line of conduct which we had observed for a centrury and a half towards that power . He considered it impossible , that any noble lord , who impartially considered the circumstances under which the war began in the peninsula , should not cordially approve of the prompt and active assistance that had been given by his Majesty 's government , to Spain and Portugal . The circumstances under which the war commenced there , formed a glorious exception to those that pervaded all the other nations of the continent . Spain was the first country that furnished an instance of a general rising of its population against the invasion and usurpation of the ruler of France . The French in orher countries had to contend with great and numerous armies ; but the moment these were overwhelmed , the countries were conquered . The people were every where neutral , and uniformly remained tame spectators of the contest that was to decide their fate . But in Spain there was the hope of the support of a whole armed population—a hope which was not deceived in the course of two campaigns , fought under every circumstance of adversity and disadvantage . The state of the country too , was favourable to the expectation of that success , which the noble baron had so confidently pronounced to be unattainable from the first . It contained more strength of military position than any country , in Europe . Besides , the state of manners , society , and morals within the peninsula held forth the most sanguine prospect of a general and obstinate resistance . The noble baron , in the course of his speech , having admitted , for the sake of argument , the policy of assisting the inhabitants of the peninsula in their efforts to shake off the yoke of France , still maintained that there was the grossest misconduct in the mode of affording that assistance . The noble baron particularly condemned the landing in Portugal . Upon 527 this point he could assure their lordships , upon the authority of several officers of rank and experience , and who were perfectly competent to give an opinion on the subject , that the very best point on which a disembarkation could be effected , and a lodgement made , was the Tagus ; or somewhere between the Tagus and Cadiz , but in the Tagus in preference . As to that brilliant and decisive operation , by which the French were expelled in three weeks from Portugal , the noble baron had not ventured to call the merit of it in question , though he pressed as a charge against ministers , and as a proof of their misconduct , that the French army was not brought to England instead of being sent home . But did the noble baron consider that the French had the means of retreat in their power ; that they might have retired upon Spain ? What would have been the situation of the British army , if , after rejecting the terms offered , we had been unable to reduce them to unconditional submission , and having wasted our force in unavailing efforts , we had at last found ourselves unable to expel them ? With respect to the charges made against his Majesty 's ministers , for not having animated their allies sufficiently to fight their own battles , he could positively state , that no exertions had been warding on the part of government to rouse them to a sense of their danger , and to stimulate their exertions to avert it . Upon this point he could only say on the part of his Majesty 's government