impossible that the hon . gent . could seriously think so . The object of that Amendment was , to pledge the House , and solemnly to pledge it , to institute the most rigorous inquiry into the causes of the disasters of the country , and to follow up the result of that inquiry with the most rigorous proceedings against the authors of our national disgraces . This was the object of the Amendment ; and if it was , it would be vain to ask upon what shadow of pretence men could be found , in the present perilous state of things , to oppose it . And first , with respect to the campaign in Spain and Portugal . Indeed , in detailing the disasters of this most calamitous campaign , it was impossible to avoid recounting again and again the same , charges ; for the errors of the last campaign were but a repetition of the errors of the first . His majesty 's ministers industriously retraced the beaten track of their former blunders ; every subsequent attempt stood in the very footsteps of the failure that preceded it ; the later errors were only the more recent repetitions of errors recently committed . Every one knew this , at least out of doors was convinced of it ; there might be found gentlemen in that House , however , who would affirm otherwise , but there could not be found outside its walls one single man who thought otherwise.—Sir John Moore was sent into Spain at the head of an army to co-operate with armies that were no where to be found to co-operate with him . At a subsequent period , however , when the Spanish armies were in considerably less force , and all hope of effectual resistance to the progress of the French arms less sanguine , ministers were found repeating their former error in an aggravated degree , by sending out an army not larger than the former , to contend against tenfold more arduous obstacles than those by which the valour of that former army had been rendered wholly unavailing . The disasters attending the blunders of his majesty 's ministers could not redeem them from a daring and hasty repetition of those blunders ; they would not be taught by the calamity that 70 was the fruit of their own errors ; they were unable to derive from all that mischief of which they had been the authors , the little comparative good that other men could learn from misfortune ; and what could be expected to teach those men wisdom who proved themselves incapable of being enlightened by experience ? —It was wearisome to enter upon a painful and disgusting detail that promised to be almost endless . But he would , before be sat down , advert in one or two words to the more flagrant disgraces , that within the last six months had crowned the good works of the present administration . In the first place , then , with respect to the great failure of the Expedition to Walcheren . He would ask the hon . gent , who spoke last , if he had any doubt in his own mind , that with respect to that Expedition there had not been gross misconduct somewhere ? Did the hon . gent . mean to say , that there was not ? Or if he could not seriously entertain so monstrous an opinion , and if he did think that there had been misconduct in some quarter , could he say that it ought not to be inquired into , and traced to its true source ? They had been told in the Speech , that it had been the object of that Expedition to make a diversion in favour of Austria . But would any man in that House believe , that , if we had sent a much greater force than even the large one employed in that Expedition , it would have had the smallest influence upon the emperor of France ? Did any man in or out of that House