of Parliament to remedy it , with allotment of some moderate pensions to those that would be removed upon this account ; and I believe the King nor people could be no losers by it . `` —It was hardly possible for him to add much to these very pregnant and pointed words of the great lord Hale , it was obvious from the passages he had read , that that great man had not only the idea of abolishing the places alluded to , but of doing so immediately . That however , was not his intention ; but if it were , nothing called for an immediate abolition more strongly than the recollection that the emoluments of most of these places , which are said to be given to persons as a remuneration from the public , are by no means so disposed of , and are generally derived from the individual suitors in the courts of law , and by that means make the remedy at law still more expensive and enormous to the subject . Many of these sinecure offices are held here , while they in reality exist in the West Indies or elsewhere , so that the planter who had not been able of late years to make two per cent . of his capital , is obliged to pay additional fees in a court of justice . The planter was called upon to pay fees out of his gainings or rather his losings , to these sinecure holders at home . It would not be imagined he hoped by any one that this was meant by him as an attack upon the power and influence of the crown , No , he was glad to see the 380 influence of the crown increasing in proportion as the national wealth of the country increased , when of course its morals got worse ; but this was sufficiently done by the immense collection of our revenue . His attack was upon those avaricious members of the aristocracy who think it their duty to lay hold of these sinecure places , in order to save them the expence of providing for their younger children , by paying them large sums out of the pockets and the sufferings of individuals , a thing neither done nor thought of , he believed , by any other class of his Majesty 's subjects whatever . The sum total of these places , if he were not wrong in his calculation , amounted to 355,612l . 2s . 7d . so that if 55,000l . speaking in round numbers , were to be allotted to the payment of those places which there is a necessity of preserving , the public would , after the lives of the present possessors , be a gainer of 300,000l . He thought this measure would , instead of lessening the influence of the crown , give it still more strength , as it would enable it to reward those who really deserved rewards , instead of paying those who are idle . It was to the manly virtues of our gracious Sovereign , to the courage and skill of lord Nelson , and to the divine mind of Mr. Pitt , that , in his opinion , we owed our present exalted character as a nation ; and he should be sorry to see his benevolent Sovereign , perhaps , compelled in his old age , to do what sir Robert Walpole was said in his last moments to have desired his physician to do for him ; that is , to turn his head to the wall , that he might no longer look at the villanies , or the base political ingratitude of those he had formerly served , and that he might hide from his view the iniquity that prevailed . The honourable member concluded with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill to abolish all sinecure places , and to reduce the exorbitant emoluments arising out of others , to a standard equal to the services performed , after the lives of the present possessors