) intended to bring forward his Resolutions again , he saw no reason for the proposed pledge . supported the Amendment , upon the ground that the Estimates related to the war expenditure solely , while the Address related to measures of economy , proper at all times , but particularly so at a time when the war expenditure was so large . As to raising unreasonable expectations , the Amendment carefully avoided this by the introduction of the words , `` as far as was consistent with the welfare of the state . '' thought the paragraph unnecessary , as matters connected with the public economy were confided to the Finance Committee . His chief object in rising was to notice a statement made by an hon . baronet ( Sir F. Burdett ) respecting a noble relation of his . He understood the hon . baronet to state , that his relation ( lord Sidmouth ) received a peerage for having commenced the war ; but he was misinformed as to the fact , for it was notorious he did not receive the peerage then , but afterwards , on coming into administration with Mr. Pitt ; and then he was induced to accept of it from circumstances independent of personal gratification . He begged also to state , that his noble relation , on retiring from office , declined a title higher than what he afterwards received , and also refused any pecuniary reward or gratification which was then offered to him . said in explanation , that he only meant to express his opinion generally , that the honour was ill bestowed , that the noble lord had done nothing to deserve it , and that he was still to learn what were his merits . thought it important that the House should shew a disposition to probe and examine into every abuse ; for otherwise the people would he apt to think that abuses were greater than they were . He should therefore support the motion . hoped for the indulgence of the House in replying to some allusions which had been made to him . He had not admitted on a former night that he was ignorant of the duties of the office which he had the honour to fill ; but , if he was ignorant , he would not come to the hon . gent . for instruction . He came into office under great disadvantage , after it had been filled by the hon . gent . who lately left it ; but he flattered himself , that from the knowledge which he had previously acquired of Finance , as Chairman of Ways and Means , and a Member of the Finance Committee , and by unremitting industry , the prophecy of the hon . gent . as to the detriment which the public service would sustain , would fail to be realised . As to retarding the Report of the Finance Committee , he thought he had done a public service , by procuring papers to be expunged from it , which , had they gone forth , would have had a most detrimental effect to the country . He believed it was the first time it had ever 130 been adduced as evidence against a man 's capacity for a seat at the Treasury , that he had once been on a Committee of Finance , and had once been the Chairman of a Committee of Ways and Means . contended , that the general sentiment of the country was , that government had been guilty of a shameful want of economy , more particularly in the military department . He would vote for the Amendment , because it pledged the House to an inquiry on the subject . also supported the Amendment , which pledged the House to enforce only such retrenchments as were consistent with the welfare of the country . What confidence could Parliament place in the assurance of ministers , that the estimates for the present year should be framed with a strict regard to economy , when they opposed an inquiry into the profuse