corrupt connivance on the part of the excise officer . His view would be that , which , on best attention to the subject , he had ever thought the best , namely , to adopt the system of license ; that was , to charge a certain duty monthly in proportion to the capacity of the still , and leave it open to the trader by his exertions to make more of it if he could . The right hon . gent . thought he had got quit of the extra expence of collecting , and the danger of frauds , & c. by taking it from the excise and entrusting it to the collectors of hearth rates and assessed taxes ; but he was convinced this would never answer . Even these taxes were not too well collected now , and by adding another duty to the collectors , the revenue would suffer still more . This was the only radical point of difference between him and the right hon . gent . and this he hoped would be overcome in the Committee . The observations too of the right hon . gent . had anticipated much he bad to offer , though he would still wish certain resolutions he had previously prepared to be received , and entered on the journals , as shewing his deliberate view of this important question to a country , from which he had the honour to be sent to that House . noticed , that the collectors of Assessed Taxes , & c. were released from that part of their duty , during the 6 winter months , when the distilleries were most employed , and would consequently be enabled to attend to them without inconvenience or loss to the revenue . He defended the system of survey , in opposition to that of license ; and trusted the present measure would be unanimously supported by Irish gentlemen , which would convince the people of that country it was for their good , and that it would be fully enforced . The charge from surveys had arisen from 30s . to 3l . 6s . 9d . 18l . 54l . and up to 164l.—This was a proof how much it surpassed the license system.— The latter system was also rendered impossible by the Union , for the allowance of countervailing duties between England and Ireland , could never be carried into effect , when it could not be ascertained what was the incumbrance on the spirits of Ireland . wished to know if any compensation would be made to the holders of spirits , in consequence of the reduction of the duty ? said it was impossible to do so , as there would be an endless recurrence of retailer to wholesale dealer , and wholesale dealer to distiller , & c. He had also looked for precedents , and found , in the commutation of the tea tax , that no compensation had been made to the holders of tea . said , that he could not do otherwise than concur with the plan proposed by the right hon . gent . he having in the last session repeatedly pressed upon the House the policy of adopting the regulations which were now proposed . He must , however , make an exception in respect to the way in which the duty was to be collected , because he considered the system of survey wholly unfit for the system of distilling in very small stills . The expence to be incurred by excise officers would be immense , and persons having made capitals would be afraid to place themselves under the severe regulations attending the mode of collecting an actual survey . The license system had been tried with great success in Scotland , and though of late departed from , it was not given up until it had succeeded in putting down illicit trade . He wished to suggest a preferable mode of making an allowance to the distiller using turf , to that proposed by the right hon . gent . and 657 that was to allow a