contaminated , and that by an act of parliament . He felt it his duty , whilst he continued a member of parliament , to speak the truth , and the whole truth , in that House ; but , at the same time , he knew he must speak it in a manner agreeably to the order of the House , and conformably to those principles of common decency which gentlemen must observe in every assembly . He could not , however , imagine , that any attention to order would oblige him to suppose such an extreme degree of affectation of purity , as that we must not allow our ears to hear that , which we were not ashamed to do . The motion before them branched into a three-fold point of view—with respect to their former situation , the present practical effect of the enforcement of these orders , and also the particular case . As to the first , what became them formerly to do was not the question now , for they were no longer what they had been then . In the other two points of view , he had no objection to the motion . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had stated that he was not bound to give any reasons for his motion . As this was his opinion , it appeared to him , that he would have done better in not attempting to give any . He had not specified any particular inconvenience which resulted from strangers being present at the last inquiry . Misrepresentations it was true , had been vaguely complained of , but none had been specified . Inconveniences resulting from the publicity of their proceedings on their inquiry into the duke of York 's conduct had been also complained of—but he asked , did no advantages result from that publicity ? He thought many had . He had at that time read the minutes , and had seen the daily reports , and he never detected an inaccuracy ; indeed , he thought the reports in general given with remarkable accuracy , and with considerable ability . felt that he should be deficient in respect to his right hon . friend 340 near him ( Mr. Windham ) , as well as to the House and to the public , were he to refrain from making a short reply to the arguments which had been advanced against his motion . It was remarkable , that in the discussion which had taken place , no gentleman on the other side of the House , except the hon . mover of the order , had participated ; although he had pointedly suggested to those gentlemen that it was for their honour , and had boldly declared his belief that it was their wish , that the inquiry should be as public as possible . He was anxious to know whether or not they intended by their silence to shelter themselves under the extraordinary doctrines that had been professed by his right hon . friend , and to intimate that they agreed with him in the singular positions which he had maintained . His right hon . friend had begun his speech by criticising his absence from the House on former occasions during the present session . On this subject he must take leave to judge for himself when his presence in the House was necessary , and when not.—His right hon . friend had arraigned him for not being present to support the charges which as he stated had been proved against his Majesty 's ministers . On the first day of the session he had attended , and had voted for the amendment . Since that period he had been much occupied with private business , but he had a right when he felt that a question was agitating of infinitely greater importance than any question of a mere political nature could possibly be , to put aside his private business and to attend for the purpose of assisting in the determination of that question . Such was the present question