one man in defence of its liberty , had been realized , if in the first instance we had met with a zealous and efficient aid , proportioned to their utmost means ; if we had been welcomed by a cordial disposition towards 41 * the only people in the world that had stretched out its arm to assist them in the hour of their need : if we had found them animated by an an ardent and unextin-guishable desire of national independence and prepared to make all those sacrifices which were necessary , in order to afford the slightest chance of success , in so vast and so unequal a struggle , why then , Sir , it would have perhaps been right , and certainly the best feelings of our nature , compassion and the love of freedom would have prompted us , in spite of failures , and in spite of misfortunes , to make one more effort in behalf of a generous , a grateful , and a suffering nation . One should have felt some consolation for the blood that had been already spilt , and one might without a crime to the country , have consented that yet more should be shed , in what might then fairly have been deemed a sacred cause . But the conduct of the Spaniards soon dissipated this illusion , and made it our right and our duty , to guide ourselves by the principles of a colder and more deliberate policy . Instead of gratitude or enthusiasm , all we met with was a bare preference of England to France , in a choice of evils , a mere inclination to expel their invaders , if it could be done without the expence and trouble of adopting the necessary means ; all we obtained from them was the gracious , though somewhat tardy permission of the Supreme Junta , to waste as many lives mid as much treasure as we pleased in their defence . Sir John Moore was ordered to advance , and make common cause with the Spanish nation . He did advance , but the Spanish nation seemed to dwindle away as he approached , and on all those innumerable armies of Patriots on which he was taught to rely , not one ever appeared , except , indeed that name is to be bestowed upon a few miserable bands of fugitive peasants , who crossed his way , interrupted his march , and encumbered him with fresh difficulties . Help and co-operation were out of the question , but we did not even command the sympathy and good will of those whom we were sent to assist . And this was the flattering result , and these the encouraging circumstances which induced his Majesty 's ministers to send another army to be expelled from Spain . So much for experience . As to authority , that too , as far as we have the means of knowing , was equally against them . In the first place they had the authority of 42 * one of the best officers , and one of the ablest men this country ever produced , the Commander in that Expedition , who in all he said , in all he did , in all he wrote , in his life , and by his death , bore uniform testimony against the whole system of depending upon the Spaniards , and of assisting Spain by means of an army to be marched into the interior of the country . One would have imagined that the opinion of such a man , upon such a question , would have been decisive , when opposed by nothing of equal might . But if any person is inclined to except against his testimony , I am almost willing to forego any advantage that I might have derived in arguing this question from the known and recorded sentiments of Sir John Moore . Be it , that he was over-cautious , desponding , guided by a pedantic attachment to regular troops , and regular warfare ; be it that he admired the