right hon . gent . whose services no one had ever heard of ? said , he was always sorry to differ in opinion with the city of London , but he must exercise his own judgment , and he thought the gallant general so highly deserving of this annuity , that he could not but vote in favour of the second reading of the bill.—A division then took place.—For the second reading 106 , Against it 36 . Majority 70. rose for the purpose of submitting to the Committee , pursuant to his notice , the various estimates , which it would be necessary to vote for the service of the army for the present year . He was fully sensible how inadequate he was to perform this duty with the same ability which distinguished his predecessors , and felt it necessary to claim , at the outset , that indulgence , which the House was always ready to extend to persons circumstanced as he was . He could assure the Committee , that in soliciting this indulgence it was not his intention to abuse it , and that , though he feared he should be obliged to occupy more of their time than he could wish , he would yet not trespass unnecessarily upon the attention which he trusted would be indulgently extended to him . In explaining the estimates , therefore , which he should propose to be voted , and the nature and extent as well as the grounds of any variations from the estimates of former years , he was determined to do it as briefly as the complicated but unavoidable details into which the question must lead him would permit . The first point to which he had to call the attention of the Committee was , that the estimates under consideration had been framed in strict conformity with those economical principles which had been recommended from the throne , and which he trusted would at all times govern the conduct of his Majesty 's present government . On a minute comparison with the estimates of the last year , gentlemen would find that there would be no increase in the expences of the present further than what the exigencies of the service required ; nor indeed had any reduction been omitted which was compatible with the defence of the country . The estimates were divided under twenty-one heads , which he would shortly state to the Committee , one by one , in order to point out the differences between them and the corresponding items of last year , and also notice where further savings might in future be expected . The first head was that of the land forces , respecting which there had been made two or three arrangements , which caused some difference in the statements . In looking to this part of the subject , his Majesty 's ministers had paid the utmost attention to proportion the establishment to the effective strength of regiments . 608 When a regiment for instance was under 400 , the establishment was fixed at 406 ; when over 400 and under 600 at 600 ; and so in progression , when a regiment contained effectives between 600 and 800 , between 800 and 1,000 , or between 1,000 and 1,200 , the establishment was fixed at the higher number respectively . When the great and often rapid increase of men , from recruiting , and other causes , was taken into consideration , gentlemen must be convinced , that , in this arrangement the line was drawn as closely as was convenient for the service . Another alteration had been made , in consequence of the suggestion of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , and forage for horses , and bread and meat for the men , instead of being included under the usual head , were now transferred to the commissariat . These items were consequently not included in the estimates ; and under this regulation a considerable saving would take place . A third alteration was , the reduction of agency for cavalry , which was lowered 1-4th , making the