Spain , we should concentre all our disposable force , and land them on the coast of the Adriatic , whilst others insisted that the north of Germany was the point , where the scene of action should be laid . This was not a time for debating the merits or demerits of that expedition , and gentlemen would remember , that if they did enter into that question , they were not to make comparisons between what had actually been effected , and chimerical speculations of what might have been performed . They were to compare the design with the object attained , and not to stray towards plans that existed only in imagination , and which 41 never could be reduced to practice . They must contemplate also , the connection of events which it was not in the power of the wisest to controul . It was easy to feel the difficulties of what had been tried , and to imagine the facilities of what had been only projected : but wise men would judge according to another measure of reason—feel the essential difference between the solid impediments of an actual practice , and the smooth and fanciful progress of an untried theory . While the expedition was on the eve of sailing , intelligence arrived that damped the ardour of the warmest , and clouded the hopes of the most sanguine ; but it still remained for his majesty to fulfil his part , and though one object might be lost , there remained one of importance to be attained . Austria suffered a defeat , but she was not undone : she had an armistice ; she was still not unable to struggle , and struggle successfully for empire . The armament in the British ports might still protract the evil day . Even in the final defeat of Austria there was much to be done : it was not unsuited to a wise government to break a hostile force which was growing up on the opposite shores ; there was no additional expence to be incurred ; no further deduction from the strength of the British people . The force which had been assembled for the aid of Austria , was directed to the coasts and arsenals of the enemy ; thus attracting the attention of the hostile forces , and at once operating an important diversion in favour of Austria , and an essential service to the security of Great Britain . After his majesty had turned his attention so unceasingly , to the interests of his Allies , it was natural that he should direct his views to an object that immediately affected the security of his own dominions . But the efforts made for the accomplishment of great objects in the north , had not withdrawn the vigilant attention of his majesty 's government from the affairs of the Peninsula . There , too , every means had been resorted to for arresting the progress and defeating the objects of the enemy , and if entire success had not attended all the operations in Spain , it was solely attributable to the physical deficiencies of the country . He lamented the misfortunes of Spain . He felt a deep and painful regret at the evils which even the brave efforts of that devoted people had not been able to avert . There were evils in the constitution of that country which 42 might have made its energies feeble ; but the British name had come pure out of the trial . The army of the empire supported the character of superiority , which they had always upheld in the battles of their country . On the 22d of April , lord Wellington took the command of the British army . In May he drove marshal Soult before him , and rescued Portugal . He advanced into Spain . His advance was met by the force of France , under the immediate command of the person who called himself the king of Spain . In a bloody and unequal contest , he established , by one more brilliant evidence , the comparative