he should use but a few words in prefacing the motion he should have to submit for the re-appointment of the Finance Committee . He was sure that there was not a gentleman in the House who would wish to oppose the re-appointment of this Committee . He should therefore first move that a Committee be appointed , and then he should submit the names of the gentlemen he had to propose , as likely to form an effective Committee for the purpose for which it was established . It was material for the House to consider to what sort of persons they delegated such a duty , for the object in view could never be attained , if the House did not make a proper choice of the members of whom the Committee was to be composed . The former Committee was too numerous , and the gentlemen were of jarring sentiments , so that no progress could be made . He proposed , therefore in the first place , to limit the present Committee to fifteen instead of 263 twenty-one , and in selecting the members , he had taken them indiscriminately from both sides , making it his only study to suggest those who seemed most likely to promote the objects of their appointment . He meant nothing insulting or invidious to the gentlemen on the former Committee . But , if differences did arise among the members of such a Committee which led greatly to retard their progress , the House would hardly think that men of hostile minds , and with different views , not on the details , but on the broad principle on which the Committee was appointed , were fit men to sit with any good effect on such an investigation . They must , he submitted , be men of one sort or another . He concluded by moving , That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Public Expenditure . This motion was carried unanimously—The hon . gent . then moved that the following be the names of the Committee . Mr. Henry Thornton , Mr. Biddulpb , Mr. Sturges Bourne , Mr. Brogden , Mr. Cavendish , Mr. Baring , Mr. Alderman Combe , Mr. Mills , Mr. Charles Ellis , Mr. Curwen , Mr. Peel , Mr. Davies Giddy , Mr. Bathurst , Mr. Bankes . The House then resolved that the Committee should be appointed . On the motion being put , that Mr. Bankes should form one of the Committee , said he did not mean to give any opposition to the Committee being formed , but he trusted that the House would pause before they gave their concurrence to the formation of a Committee so different in its principle from that in the preceding years . He wished members from all parts of the House to compose it , that they might the more easily discover the truth , from the different views which they might take of the same subject . He then proposed that the Committee should consist of twenty-one persons , and that the following six gentlemen should be added to fifteen of the members of the former Committee : The Hon . Mr. Ward , Mr. Peele , Mr. Giddy , Mr. Pattison , Mr. Charles Dundas , Mr. Howorth . was not surprised at the wish of the right hon . gent . that the Committee should be composed of discordant materials , as he had given the House a sample of the happy effects of disunion in his discordant cabinet . He had an objection even to the list of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , because it contained no member either for Scotland or Ireland . 264 In no part of the empire had there been more abuses , more jobbing , more reversionary grants , more conversion of offices , first executed by principals , into sinecures , or offices executed by deputy , than in Ireland . thought he had upon a former occasion voted against several of the members whom he personally knew and esteemed , yet he was of