a languid war , they were disgusted with a system of economy which would have enabled them to continue the contest , till the time should arrive when it might be terminated with honour and security . The yoke was not galling enough ; their burthens did not encrease sufficiently fast . They were anxious for new men and for new measures . They wished for an active stirring administration ; a government that would do something , that would not let the force of the country lie unemployed , that would fill the gazettes and create titles ; people who , if they could find no objects , would make some ; who , if there were no points of attack , would waste whole armies and navies upon those that were unattackable ; who would send all over Europe canvassing treacherous or unwilling allies to receive our men and money ; and who would exhaust our best means of defending ourselves at home , in fostering an imaginary spirit of resistance abroad . Their desire has been fulfilled ; their favourite system has been followed ; and its effects are now visible . We have sown in folly , and we have reaped in misfortune ; we have seen all the faults and misfortunes of a seventeen years war , copied and repeated in the course of as many months . The disgrace at the Helder , the carnage at Quiberon , the waste by the pestilence in St. Domingo , the ridiculous inefficiency of the Expedition to Ferrol ; all these things happening at considerable intervals , were but the types of what the last year has exhibited in Spain , Italy and Holland , with circumstances of more palpable mismanagement , and of aggravated distress . Sir , I would put it to the conscience of any gentleman whether he thinks that such a government as this is worthy of confidence . If he does , let him vote for the original address ; but if he does not , he must , I think , support the amendment of the noble Lord . Let him consider its history and its composition ; let him recollect how it arose out of the dissensions of the last , how it was born , as it were , in disgrace , and a cripple from its infancy ; let him consider how the great offices of state are filled , and , above all , let him 61 compare the government with the state of the country . There have been times , indeed , before the new order of things began , and before that system which had prevailed in Europe for so many centuries , yielded to the enormous influence of one state , times of security and repose , when even these , or any other persons of moderate understanding and attainments , might have governed the country , though not with credit , at least , without much danger . But now that the whole power of Europe is concentrated in France , and the whole power of France concentrated in one man , and that man the greatest general and statesman the world ever produced , and the bitterest enemy England ever knew ; it is an absolute infatuation not to have recourse to our best means of defence moral as well as physical , to the wisdom and union of our councils as well as to the strength of our fleets and armies . Sir , I do not appear here as the blind admirer , as the indiscriminate partizan of the gentlemen on the bench below me , and their political adherents . I am bound to them by no ties of hope , or personal interest . It is not for their own sakes , but for the sake of the country that I wish to see them return to office . Indeed I know not whether in the present situation of things , office , which under more favourable circumstances , is no doubt , a natural object of ambition , is to be wished for , as a