would say , that his merit was not of such a nature as to deserve such high honours . This was a question of a mixed nature , in part military , and in part prudential , If , upon investigation , it appeared that an officer had led his troops into difficulties , either by his own rashness , or in consequence of the advice of others , he could deserve no thanks for having extricated them . As to any authority or sanction , which the approbation of Ministers might be supposed to give to such an act , it should be remembered , that the ministers who approved of this operation were the very same ministers who had fired the Tower guns for the convention of Cintra . He would ask , and he thought it was only putting the question upon its right footing , could any one rejoice that the battle of Talavera had been fought ? Appeals had been made to their liberality ; but they ought to consider that it was not their own money they were disposing of , and however liberally they might be inclined to act , if such was the case , they ought to adopt a different policy in the present instance , when economy was their most pressing and important duty . , spoke in very flattering terms of the military character of lord Wellington ; in doing so , he said , he was certain that bespoke the sentiments of the army and even of the enemy himself There were some persons , he was sure , in the country , who would be willing , not only to refuse to support the dignity now granted to lord Wellington , but even to pull down all that was dignified and important in the country . The merits of the person in whose favour they were now applied to , did not rest on one victory ; he was not a mere adventurer in search of re- 458 putation , he had achieved great glory before ever he went to Spain : he had now received a high honour from his Sovereign , and he was certain that all would agree in the propriety of allowing him whatever was necessary to support the rank to which he was raised , unless such persons as were willing to reduce all dignity into a state of dependence upon their generosity . But not only had lord Wellington obtained repeated victories , he had obtained them all over superior numbers . Much had been said of rashness ; that the undertaking of lord Wellington was difficult he admitted ; but it was the characteristic of great minds to discern between difficulties and impossibilities , and that characteristic he had proved by the decisive success of the operation . The battle of Talavera was a great instance of military excellence , and as such should be marked with that distinguished notice with which it was the object of government to dignify it . complimented the noble lord on his eloquence , but complained of the manner in which he had treated all those who differed from him in opinion on the present question . The noble lord spoke of persons disgracing themselves by opposing this pension , and attributed gross ignorance , or wilful blindness , to those who could not view the subject in the same light as he did ; and spoke of a party who were crying down every thing that was dignified and respectable in the land . He would state for himself , that he never did generally cry down the military talents of lord Wellington as a general , but , on the contrary , had often professed great respect for them ; and upon another occasion , the battle of Vimiera , he had most cordially joined in the vote of thanks . As to the particular subject under discussion , so far from this being taken up as a party question , many of those with whom he was generally in the habit of acting warmly approved both of the vote of thanks