confidence ought to be placed in those who directed the affairs of the admiralty . It was not his own wish that these Reports should , in their present 361 state , have been presented to the House , but he had acquiesced in the desire of others whose minds were not satisfied on the subject and who had urged their production . He agreed with the statement made , that from the time when the duke of York presided in the Admiralty many irregularities and abuses had crept into the different civil departments of the navy , which in 1805 led to the appointment of the commissioners of Naval Revision . In the first instance they were appointed for a limited time only , but towards the end of that period they found it impossible to accomplish what they had been appointed to execute . Their suggestion of the difficulties they encountered led to the extension of their appointment for a few months longer . But by those who directed the government at the time even this grant of a longer period was given with a considerable degree of reluctance . In the course of a short period those who succeeded in administration , were more favourably disposed to continue the labours of their commissioners for a still longer period than the utmost limit prescribed to them by their predecessors . He was sure those labours had produced considerable benefit already , and , with the noble viscount , he entertained great regard for the Reports themselves . It had been asserted that six of these Reports , very voluminous in their bulk , had been but one day before the council board , from whence they were referred the day after to the Admiralty board , and in the course of five days were returned to his Majesty that they might forthwith be acted upon . But whatever measures had been taken with respect to them , he could assure the noble viscount , had been resorted to upon a conviction of their utility to the public service . He did not clearly understand the object to be attained by the motion before them , but he presumed the noble viscount meant to infer , either negligence , or precipitancy in the council board , and that of the admiralty . But as to any fact stated relative to the mode in which the recommendation contained in the Reports had been carried into execution , it ought to be recollected , that one of these commissioners , admiral Domett was , perhaps , of all men the most competent , from his talents and persevering industry , to carry into execution every improvement in our naval department . It was from him he ( lord Mulgrave ) gained that satisfactory information , upon which he could rely , and which induced the 362 adoption of any measure that without more detailed and deliberate consideration , might be termed hasty . The difference between the regulations of the dock yards , and those of the victualling yards , had been strongly impressed upon their lordships as calling for immediate alteration . These regulations had certainly been adopted in conformity to the Reports ; still the difference resulted from the distance of time which elapsed between revisions of the one and those of the other . He must allow with the noble viscount , that the regulations of the victualling yards were more simplified in all respects than those of the dock yards , where unnecessary accounts were kept , and many clerks and other persons employed , who were of no real benefit to their management , and the innumerable books which were kept , were no more useful than so much waste paper . But independent of all these considerations , he did not perceive the utility of the noble viscount 's interference , for he trusted some confidence ought to be placed as he said before , in those who presided over this department . With respect to those Reports , which were not then on the table , there were two of which he would never