and that he would rather read a report of his actions in his commander 's letters in the gazette than a report of his speeches in the House of Commons or elsewhere in the columns of a newspaper . The House ought at all times to respect the liberty of speech ; but the speech of the noble lord was completely an abuse of that liberty . He had got up , and in the most unqualified manner attacked the characters of individuals , declaring at the same time that he had not examined the sources which were to confirm his accusations . Much as the noble lord knew of the navy he could not believe that he appreciated the character of that gallant class of men justly , when he declared that if the fees of the Court of Admiralty were diminished the hundred sail of the line now employed might be reduced to forty , or when he intimated that they required any other stimulus to exertion than their sense of public duty . Adverting to the attack made by the noble lord upon a learned friend of his , who was judge of the Vice Court of Admiralty , at Malta , he defended the conduct of his learned friend , in the case alluded to , which Mr. S. was able from memory to explain . That judge had condemned the noble lord to pay costs , but under circumstances which justified such a sentence , and shewed the conduct of the learned judge to be as free from blame 476 as that of the other high and respectable characters who had incurred the censure of the noble lord . said , that amongst the charges promulgated in the book alluded to by the right hon . gent . on the opposite side of the House , it was positively asserted that 30 per cent . was charged for the condemnation of a prize ; and also , that an officer commanding a frigate , who had taken a prize , and who had objected to pay this exorbitant demand , was told by the proctor , if he did not pay the sum demanded , the ship would be condemned as a droit of Admiralty to the King . When such charges as these went forth , it was highly important to the interests of the public , and he should therefore ask the House if it was not necessary the subject should be looked into , the papers produced , and the calumnies ( if such they were ) refuted ? The King 's proctor , in the case of Copenhagen , was first employed by the captors , who had sent in 200 sail of merchant vessels to the ports of England , previous to the commencement of hostilities , and in order to enable him to prove that the ships belonged to the enemy , all the necessary papers were transmitted . In the course of a few days however , hostilities commenced , and the property was declared to belong to the Danes , and in the course of three days , was given by the Admiralty Court to the King as a droit . Under such complicated circumstances , the argument that only one proctor should be employed , was ridiculous , as one man would be advocating the cause of two individuals , of opposite interests , at the same time . He hoped the noble lord would persevere in moving for the papers , but confine himself as much as possible to those documents which were most easily furnished , and most likely to attain the object he had in view . had a proposition to make . Though he objected to the production of the papers relating to the whole of the ships named in the motion , if the noble lord would move for those relating to any one of them , he should have no objection to the motion , and he thought to bring forward any one case would be quite as fair , but less inconvenient , than the whole . alluding to