House were really the representatives of the people in doing which , those who wished the representation to remain as it was , were as deeply interested as those who wished for reform . They should therefore persevere in that course which they had already adopted , and which had been so highly approved by the whole nation . There were , he said , three principal points of view , in which this measure would prove beneficial , and which spoke most forcibly in favour of his bill . First , it would be advantageous on the ground of public economy , which was always highly interesting to the people , and more particularly at such a period like the present , when taxes press on them with such peculiar severity . 254 He was not willing or desirous to hold out to the people any great hopes of an immediate sensible alleviation of their burdens from this measure ; for he feared that during the continuance of this just war , they were more likely to be increased than diminished ; but if the House would shew a design and determination to make retrenchments in expences wherever they can , it would go a great way towards rendering the public more patient , and inducing them to bear their burdens with less repining.—The second point was , that if the House prevented the granting of offices in reversion , it would certainly tend to the well filling of offices . The man who gave an office would take care that the person appointed to it was capable of discharging the duties appertaining to it ; whereas , if it was given to a person out of sight , the contrary would be the case . Offices in reversion might be given , and he feared had been bestowed on persons , whose age or sex were highly unfitting to discharge their duties . They might be given to a child or an idiot ; and it was important to recollect , that these persons having become possessed of places in reversion , had a vested interest when the person who gave them was dead and gone , and no way responsible for what he had done . It looked also as if places were not objects of trust , but merely of emolument . It could not be doubted that the main object was trust ; but this mode of granting them in reversion overturned , the principle , and encouraged the dangerous idea that offices were granted for the benefit of the possessor , and not for the benefit of the public.—It had always been the custom of the House , to consider the rights of individuals with stricter attention than they paid to the rights of the public . He meant to allude only to private rights . There were offices which a committee on public economy must think ought to be abolished , and it was equally pressing on them that this abuse should be corrected . He should here beg leave to illustrate his argument by adverting to a particular case . There was one case in which the whole supply of medicines both to the navy and army was committed to one person . Supposing that should be granted in reversion , and it might be found necessary to buy it up and abolish the office , that could not be done , because the committee could not lay their hands on it on that account . It was true that this place was not at present granted in 255 reversion , but it might be so granted , and if it were , it would be obviously a great evil . He thought he might also fairly assume , that this mode of granting offices in reversion tended to increase sinecure offices ; for when they got into particular hands , it was said they became vested , when the duties of them became soon neglected , and thus offices necessary when first instituted , by this mode of granting them became mere sinecures . Many members of the House had ex-expressed