disposed to believe that his Majesty 's present government wished to remedy them . Another cause of complaint was the charge of 4 per cent . duty ad valorem on all articles of clothing , stores , & c. shipped by them on foreign service . The next complaint was the bat and forage allowance , which is the same as in the sixteenth century . Lord Wellington and sir John Moore had represented the grievance , but no relief had been afforded . Another evil was the Income tax , exacted from British officers even though serving in the Portuguese army.—The hon . general having called the attention of the Committee to these complaints , noticed some of the regulations stated by the noble lord , and first with respect to the allowance for wine . He had calculated it , and reckoning 250 battalions , at 5l . per company , the amount divided between four officers would be 25s . each officer per annum . Was this sum , he would ask , worth receiving ? It was not sufficient to buy a private hair-powder , much less to provide wine for an officer for a year . If it was intended to benefit , them 25l . or 30l . might be of use . The hon . general stated his determination to bring the complaints of the army before the House on some future day . felt disappointed at the statement he had heard . He had trusted , that the burdens of the public , as connected with the army estimates , would have been alleviated to a far greater degree . He conceived it to be the duty of that House to examine very scrupulously every item in the estimates which had been so ably stated by the noble lord . In his opinion there were many items which would not contribute to the effi- 615 ciency of the army . He deprecated the mode at present adopted or purchasing for the cavalry young horses of two years old , which cost the country 30l . or 40l . a-year in training , and when fit for actual service about 100l . With respect to the reduction of the waggon corps , the noble lord , though he had stated the discontinuance of five companies , had not given any reasons for the continuance of the other five companies . In point of fact , he had been told that they were not a useful corps , and in foreign service our commanders had been obliged to hire waggons . Another point of difference between him and the noble lord was , the continuance of the Manx Fencibles . He had moved for a return of that corps , but no return was yet made . When he held the office of Secretary at War , he had informed lord Liverpool of the inefficiency of the corps , as in point of fact some of the officers were farmers , some custom house men , some postmasters , & c. and the privates were labourers employed in their several occupations . There was another part of the military establishment which he considered useless , that was the city militia , and the Tower hamlets militia , which were kept up at a heavy expence , and yet the whole extent of their actual service was limited to the villages of Hackney and Edmonton—The next material point was the staff establishment , in which for the home district , there appeared the names of the duke of Cambridge and lord Heathfield , who received from 4 of 5,000l . a year for doing nothing . The home staff of the army he must contend required curtailment . No man was disposed more than himself to acknowledge the talents of a gallant general opposite ( Tarleton ) but he could not see the necessity of continuing that hon . general upon the staff of a district where his command was only 2,400 men . In Scotland the staff is very expensive , for over 11,000 men , there were not less than 11 staff generals