no party to what was past . thought it was not long experience , but a sort of technical knowledge which was required for the situation . He was satisfied the hon . gent . ( Lushington ) was fully qualified for it . was sorry an hon . gent . ( Mr. Hobhouse ) could not be prevailed on to return to the Chair of the Committees . As the other hon . gent . also chose to decline it , he begged of his hon . friend not to press his amendment . after vindicating himself from the charge of attempting to take the House by surprize , agreed to withdraw the amendment , when the House resolved into the Committee , and Mr. Lushington was called to the chair . before he moved the order of the day , rose to give notice , that on Monday he would move for certain papers , which he thought were necessary to render those already before the House complete . In those before them two or three objects were named as those proposed to be obtained by the Expedition ; while one part of the force was to be stationed as a garrison in Walcheren , the other was to proceed to accomplish such of the ulterior objects of the Expedition as might appear practicable . But could it be thought , that when the Expedition sailed , that no plan , no instructions , save those in the general orders , were given ? From the papers before them it appeared , that a very few days after the noble lord opposite had stated that in consequence of the seasonable fall of Flushing every obstacle to the accomplishment of the ulterior objects of the Expedition was removed , the whole of those objects were abandoned . Could it be thought that the general had received no instructions in the interval to influence his conduct ? He was of opinion that such communications must have existed , and as they were not produced , he must consider those papers before the House as defective 306 and incomplete ; he should therefore give notice , that on Monday he would move , That certain papers relating to the late Expedition to the Scheldt be laid before the House . took the earliest opportunity of promoting the inquiry . When that subject was adverted to before he was unfortunately absent , and nothing had been said till then that could justify him in coming forward with that information it might be in his power to give . He was then prepared to state , that the War office did not contain all that was necessary to give the noble lord the information he required . It was impossible for persons employed on such a service to act wholly from documents , and all the information that could be derived from documents would not proceed from the war department ; it would be his duty hereafter to state where such information might be found . The inquiry , it would appear at the outset , naturally divided itself into two branches , and he wished to know to which the House first proposed to direct their attention . With respect to the policy of the Expedition , but a comparatively small portion of information could be derived from papers that might be laid before the House . Those considerations which influenced his Majesty 's government would have some weight with them when deciding on the policy of the measure into which they were about to inquire . He would have to consider if the country was so circumstanced that such an effort might be made without too much impairing our resources . The presumable expence was also to be considered , and whether the calculations had been exceeded . The situation in which we stood with our allies was also to be remembered , though that consideration , with respect to Austria , might be too delicate a subject to be openly discussed ; but of that his Majesty 's ministers were the most competent judges . The House was probably not