He did not mean , however , to cast any blame upon the conduct of that prince , but imputed the whole of the calamities which followed , to the gross misconduct of his Majesty 's present ministers . If the object of his Majesty 's government had been to expel the French force from Portugal , it was not necessary for them to land a British army in that country for that purpose . In the situation of affairs at that time in Spain , it was the obvious policy of the French to concentrate as much as possible all their force in that country . It was , consequently , the true interest of this country not to drive the French corps out of Portugal into Spain , but to intercept it if possible , in any attempt it might have made to penetrate into that country . The absurdity , however , of the measures of his Majesty 's ministers , in sending out commander after commander , each ignorant of the existing state of affairs , and neither bound to act upon any settled system of operations , led to the disgraceful convention of Cintra , by which , in place of weakening the French force in Spain , the British army was made the instrument of strengthening it : for this force , unfortunately , liberated by that luckless conven- 516 tion , arrived before the British forces in Spain , and took a part in the pursuit of our army in that disastrous retreat which terminated in the fatal victory at Corunna ; fatal , he called it , and fatal he must ever consider it , because it was purchased by the loss of the able officer who had the command of the British army . Until that instance , there had never been known a case of three commanders having been sent out in the course of twenty-four hours , from different parts of the globe , and with different instructions to take the command of one and the same army . It was unnecessary for him to dwell more at length upon the manner , in which the unwise and impolitic measures taken in Portugal had been conducted . But , if those who had the management of public affairs , had possessed any wisdom , any capacity for enlightened policy in the regulation of a nation 's interests and constitution , any right or sound feelings with regard to the happiness of their fellow creatures , here most fortunately had been a wide field opened to them . They had got the possession of the kingdom of our ally , with its government dissolved , and no means existing within it , for the establishment of any regular authority or civil administration , but such as the British government alone should suggest . Here had been a glorious opportunity for raising the Portuguese nation from that wretched and degraded condition , to which a lengthened succession of mental ignorance , civil oppression , and political tyranny and prostitution , had reduced it . Was not that an opportunity , which any men capable of enlarged and liberal views of policy , and influenced by any just feelings for the interests of their fellow creatures , would have eagerly availed themselves of ? Would not such men have seized with avidity the favourable occasion to rescue the population of that country from that influence of ignorance and political debasement which rendered the inhabitants incapable of any public spirit or national feeling . At that period there occurred a most favourable interval for the adoption of such measures , before the French could have re-entered the Portuguese territory over the bleeding carcasses of the patriots of Spain . Here was a task worthy of the greatest statesmen ; here was an object in the accomplishment of which , there were no talents so transcendent , no capacity so enlarged , no ability so comprehensive , that might not have been well and 517 beneficially and gloriously employed . It was a work well suited , to a wise and liberal policy ;