those given under the sign manual . thought any papers that it might be necessary for them to have produced could be moved for in the Committee . was of opinion they might be referred to a Secret Committee , who could decide what papers ought to be produced . He then gave notice that on Monday he would move for the appointment of such a Committee . said , he thought those who had the sense of the House in their favour had a right to determine in what manner the inquiry should be carried on . He was for appointing a Committee that night that no time might be lost . was anxious to give the Inquiry the greatest possible effect . He had formerly suggested the propriety of referring the military evidences to other tribunals , and he gave it as his opinion that it would have been better so to have done . He would state , in a very few words , what he thought it would be most becoming the House to inquire into . There were three points to which he thought their attention should be directed . The first was the policy of the Expedition . This was the most extended question , since it comprehended the situation in which Great Britain was placed with the other powers of Europe . For this he felt himself in the highest degree responsible . The military and naval proceedings , though he viewed them with the most favourable eye , he could not think himself responsible for . He did not consider himself at all answerable for the evacuation of Walcheren at the same time , 309 while saying this , he most distinctly desired to be understood as not giving an opinion either the one way or the other . It might be that the House would be of opinion , that blame attached itself no where ; but if it should appear that blame did attach somewhere , if he were too active in eliciting discoveries to the prejudice of others , it might appear that he wished to throw the blame off himself by placing the misconduct of others in a most luminous point of view . He would therefore punctually give his attendance throughout the inquiry , and give every explanation of his own conduct ; but it was his intention to avoid as much as possible taking an active part , where he was not personally concerned . now moved the standing order for exclusion of strangers , which was of course enforced , and the Gallery cleared . * rose to bring forward his promised motion , for an instruction to the Finance Committee , to inquire and report respecting Sinecure Offices which they should think necessary to be abolished . He began by stating , that he found in the third report of the Committee on public expenditures two paragraphs , stating , that amongst other items which called loudly for economy and retrenchment , were a great number of nominal offices under the crown , to which a very large sum was annually paid in salaries , but which partook of the nature of pensions , because no duty was done in lieu of the pay annexed . Of such places it was stated , that there were no less in England than 196 , for which an aggregate sum of 142,655l . was annually paid in salaries and 38 in Ireland . There was besides a large salary annexed to the office of chief collector of customs in the port of London , which was also a sinecure . The second of those paragraphs stated , that it was impossible for the Committee to ascertain minutely the whole particulars of such cases , with out going into the examination of a long and complicated series of evidence ; but the Committee had thrown the whole together , recommending their abolition . Next followed a long list , covering several pages , containing the names of places which he supposed to be those at which the paragraphs hinted ; but he could wish the Committee had