but no result had as yet taken place , which rendered it necessary , in their opinion , to lay any statement before the House . The officer in question , to say the least of his conduct , had acted in violation of the orders established for the regulation of his department . He had since resigned his situation ; and it was found , upon the inquiry which had already been instituted , that the public were not likely to sustain any material loss . The matter was at present under minute investigation by the Board of Ordnance ; and the subject would be ultimately referred , without delay , to the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . declared himself so far satisfied with this explanation . took occasion to ask , whether , with a view to give every possible expedition to the proposed inquiry , there was 248 any objection on the other side to have it carried on de die in diem to its conclusion ? This he conceived it desirable to understand from various considerations . It would be recollected that upon a similar investigation in 1779 , the progress was so slow , in consequence of frequent interruptions , that the House was actually prorogued without any report at all being made . To guard against the possibility of such an event , or against any untoward interruptions , he thought it necessary at once to settle upon some arrangement as to the course of this inquiry , either that it should go on de die in diem , or that particular days should be fixed for it , in order that it might not interfere with other business . was of opinion , that it would be extremely imprudent to prescribe beforehand what course it might be deemed expedient to pursue in the prosecution of the inquiry alluded to . He apprehended that it was the general wish to get rid of it as soon as possible . But the idea of settling at once the precise days upon which it should be gone into , under any circumstances that might arise , seemed to him quite inexpedient . The discretion of the House , upon this head , must be regulated by the circumstances , which might arise in the course of the inquiry . wished that some understanding should be established upon this subject . All his noble friend asked was , that this important inquiry should be allowed to go on without interruption unless some very pressing business should interfere . When business of that description should occur , his noble friend could , of course , have no wish to impede it . But as things now stood , his noble friend 's request was one to which he could not conceive a reasonable objection . Indeed it appeared but fair that it ought to be acceded to , when it was considered that a good deal of viva voce evidence was to be adduced , and that some of the witnesses were to come from a considerable distance . repeated his objections to the arrangement alluded to . The House would be quite able to determine on Friday , whether the subject should be resumed on Monday , or any other convenient day , and , no doubt , the House would not lose any time upon this important subject . Upon Friday some debate might arise as to the course proper for the committee to pursue in prosecuting 249 this inquiry ; but there were three distinct points to which they would naturally direct their attention ; namely , the policy of undertaking the Expedition ; the manner in which it was executed ; and the propriety of retaining Walcheren up to the period of its evacuation . Upon each of these points the House would probably feel the propriety of establishing some specific rules for its guidance . As to the first point , for which his colleagues and himself were responsible , they would have to justify themselves , by the nature of the intelligence they received , and of the sources whence they received