that effect . seconded the motion . The question having been put from the chair , warmly denounced this proposition , as another attempt to do the same twick under a different form , seeing , as the right hon . gent . had seen , that , from the temper of the House , the previous question would have been lost . replied , that , as a proof the present motion was not of his instigation , he meant to vote against it . The gallery was then cleared for a division , when Mr. Pattison 's motion of adjournment was negatived without a division . The House then divided on the previous Question . referring to what had been said by the earl of Liverpool , on Friday night , respecting the impression made by the receipt of intelligence of the Battle of Talavera , and the General Orders issued upon that occasion ; wished to be informed , who the Military advisers of his Majesty were ; the noble earl made use of that term , in stating by whose advice those General Orders were issued . said , that the term military advisers , applied to the Commander in Chief and his Staff , but he did not mean to state , that it was solely by their 211 advice that the General Orders , referred to , were issued ; but , on the contrary , he stated that his Majesty 's ministers were responsible for that measure , it having been adopted with their concurrence . thought the statement of the noble earl not sufficiently satisfactory , as it did not explain by whose advice the General Orders were issued . If those orders were merely the act of his Majesty 's ministers , then the impression , which the noble earl talked of , was merely that which they themselves had created . contended that it was not a proper question to ask , at whose suggestion any measure was adopted . He had already stated , that his Majesty 's ministers were responsible for the Orders alluded to . His Majesty 's military advisers would not , of course , direct the adoption of any measure without the permission of his Majesty 's government , nor would the latter adopt any military measure without the concurrence of the former . observed , that he must then be satisfied with understanding that his Majesty 's military advisers and his Majesty 's ministers had both agreed in issuing the General Orders . presented a number of Papers , consisting of Military Correspondence , & c. relative to this Expedition , and observed , that the greater part of the Papers would be ready for delivery on Wednesday . referring to the notice he had given on a former day for Thursday next , for a motion of inquiry respecting the Campaign , said , that the House of Commons having since determined to institute an inquiry , and which he was bound to suppose would be a strict and effectual inquiry into the causes and consequences of the calamitous Expedition to the Scheldt , and it having been suggested to him , that as the result of that Inquiry might be to bring the authors of those calamities , whoever they were , judicially before that House , it would not be proper to adopt any proceeding which might tend to prejudge a question on which they might be afterwards called upon judicially to decide ; he therefore moved to discharge the order for the attendance of their lordships on Thursday , reserving to himself the right of again bringing forward the question at a future period , if circumstances should render it necessary . At the same 212 time , as it was requisite they should have every possible information before them , he wished to give notice of his intention to move on Monday for some further Papers in addition to those produced by ministers . rose to ask a question of the right honourable gentleman . He said that at a time when the weight of the taxes was so