was their intention to take proceedings against the parties so implicated . answered , that it had been stated by the parties , the objects of the prosecution ( Messrs. Pohlman and Keylock , ) in order to give colour to their own practices , that persons high in office were concerned in the sale of offices . Amongst others , it had been stated that the duke of Portland made 30,000l . a year by the sale of offices , and also that the lord chancellor was engaged in the practice . Upon such grounds he could not 433 harbour the slightest suspicion , still loss institute a prosecution . He had no paper of the kind mentioned by the noble lord put into his hands , and consequently he had no proceedings to institute . stated , that he neither had received any such documents nor information . said , that after the statement which an hon . member had made of existing abuses in the Barrack department , he should support his motion respecting them , but he should oppose the production of the correspondence between the first lord of the Admiralty and Mr . Butt , as no specific charge was made against lord Barham.—The first motion was then put and negatived without a division . next moved for a general return of all the clerks in the different departments in the Navy Office , Navy Pay-Office , Sick and Hurt , and Transport Board , with the dates of their entries , ages , periods of their service , salaries at which they entered , and the augmentations since made to them , & c. said , the hon . member might as well move for a committee of the House , to take into consideration the salaries allowed to every clerk in the different offices under government , and that , too , without any case made out . If the hon . gent . however , would come forward with any specific case , or with any corrupt charge , he should be ready to second his motion . repealed what he had already said , that there were in these departments senior clerks , unexceptionable in point of character and ability , of 27 years standing , with salaries of 200l . a year , and junior clerks in the same offices , without better qualifications , who had salaries of 400l . or 500l . a year . said , all considerations being equal , he should certainly wish to give the preference to seniority ; but if there could be any one thing more ruinous than another it would be to act on this as a general principle , particularly in public offices . It would go the length of saying , that a person who was the senior must be preferred even over one of the greatest capacity.—The motion was put and negatived without a division . then moved for a copy of the Memorial or Statement from Mr. W. Pearce , late clerk in the Barrack department , sent to the commissioners on barrack 434 affairs , in 1809 , with a letter to the lords of the treasury , calling their attention to that memorial.—Ordered . moved that this bill be recommitted . The House having resolved into the Committee , thought that some case should have been laid before the House by the hon . baronet , as the ground upon which he had thought it right to bring forward this measure . He did not feel it necessary to augment the list of felonies , without cause ; and he was apprehensive , that if the Bill were to pass in its present form , it would be productive of great inconvenience and embarrassment to the public service . Gentlemen of respectability would not feel desirous of engaging in the public service in places of great trust in the collection of the revenue , with the penalty of transportation hanging over them , as would be the case if this Bill were to pass ; and upon a charge so difficult to be defined ,