of that malignant influence so pathetically deplored by the hon . baronet ? The hon . baronet had said a great deal of how happy we should be could we travel back to any one epoch of our past condition for the last fifteen years . He would go a little higher than the hon . baronet went , and say , that 123 happy would it have been for this country , for Europe , and the world , had they never witnessed the calamitous event of the execrable French Revolution . The hon . baronet had , with no inconsiderable eloquence , indulged himself in vehement invective against a late illustrious statesman , Mr. Pitt , and had made a whimsical proposal for the erection of a new monument to that great man 's memory ; to which it seemed the Speaker , with his mace , and attendants , were to pay a visit for the purpose of introducing every new minister to its presence . Of the merits of the plan he should say nothing , but he denied , in the name of the people of England , and in the presence of those whom he thought their legal representatives , that they had repined at paying the debts , or reluctantly contributed to erect a monument to the memory of that great and justly lamented statesman . Mr. Fox himself , his great political antagonist , had not opposed the payment of his debts . In fact , there were many of the assertions of the hon . baronet that required only to be restated , in order to be refuted.—With respect to the city of London , the hon . baronet had first presumed the fact of insult , and then argued upon it ; but the city of London had suffered no insult . He respected that loyal corporation as highly as the hon . baronet could do , and never would forget the glorious part they acted in establishing the present family upon the throne . The city of London he knew was , as it were , the heart of the kingdom , giving blood and spirit to the rest of the country . Far be it from him to wish to circumscribe its privileges ; but there was no attempt of the kind in the case alluded to . The corporation , properly so called , had privileges , which , perhaps , did not extend to the corporation as comprehending the livery . The latter , perhaps , could not claim the audience upon the throne , to which the former was entitled , but how was the right of petition questioned or invaded ? Was it refused to be received ? Was not the question merely as to the form of presenting ? and was there to be no allowance made for the advanced years , and peculiar personal infirmities of the King , that must make retirement so desirable , and all unnecessary publicity of transacting business so irksome ? He was glad to hear the hon . baronet give the assembly , as he called it , such an instance of the dangerous state of our liberties and rights , when the King of one of the first 124 powers in the world could not 'turn aside ' a little foot-path in his own demesne . The country was said to be in great danger . He thought it was ; and that the danger was much nearer home than was generally imagined : it was in our intestine divisions , and that party animosity that made us hate one another more than the common enemy , and in the exaggerated manner in which every thing was taken against the fortunes of the country , and in favour of those of our enemies , industriously circulated as they had been by those who were enemies to our constitution , both in church and state.—With respect to the present administration , he regretted the differences that had occurred as much as any man ; but denied that they were imputable to his right hon . friend