that Mr. Hunt , had sinecure places ? These were cases , which , in his opinion , ought not to be placed without the reach of the authority of that House . It really appeared to him , according to the course in which things had proceeded lately , to be a matter of indifference , whether public officers violated , or obeyed the laws . They seemed to be equally sheltered in impunity , and could , upon detection , laugh in the faces of the members of that House . Could any man get up in that House , and assert that to lord Melville , who had lately been even a candidate for office , sinecure emoluments of various descriptions , amounting in the whole to 7,000l . per annum , independent of his allowance from the East India Company , ought to be granted ? Could any gentleman get up in his place and say , that any such office to the amount of 1,700l . per annum , should be conferred on Mr. Steele ? The House should never forget that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer and his colleagues , were at present on their trial , for having exposed our brave army to the greatest calamities that could befal a military force . What security had that House that the right hon . sent , would not , pending this trial , take to himself , or bestow upon some of his connections , some sinecure office behind their backs ? He had seen a correspondence between that right hon . gent . and lord Melville , in which that right hon . gent . had stated , that out of deference to popular prejudices he could not bring that noble lord into office , but would advise his Majesty to confer upon him a signal mark of his favour , by exalting him to a higher rank in the peerage . This was a subject upon which that House was bound to exercise its constitutional 386 controul . The hon . member then adverted to the influence derived through the East India Company ; and declared his intention , upon all the grounds he had stated , to vote for the motion . animadverted upon the manner in which the hon . gent . had spoken of lord Melville in the course of his speech . He did not conceive that that hon . gent . was qualified to judge of the public services of that individual , who fully merited all the gratitude , as he did all the rewards , his country had bestowed upon him . He could not answer as to any feelings entertained in the public mind ; but he was well convinced there was a general sense of public justice in the British nation , that would not bear any man 's character to be traduced who had been acquitted by his peers . He spoke Strongly against the motion . said it was obvious to any man who cast his eyes over the list of sinecures , that these sinecures were given to lord Melville when in the receipt of a very considerable annual income from the places he actually held . For his own part , he was glad to see there was a man in the House who had the courage and the honesty to advert to the case and the circumstances of that noble lord . He had no hostility to his lordship , but spoke as he ever should speak merely from feelings of public duty . He should he as glad to see members on his side of the House cleared of such imputations as those on the other . The right hon . gent . had alluded to the Report of the Finance Committee , and from that Report , among other reasons , thought the motion unnecessary ; but had not he himself brought a message to that House only a few days ago , in direct violation of what he had stated ? If there were services to be rewarded , let the