to the maintenance of the sea fencibles . Although moving for only 130,000 seamen , the hon . member felt it his duty to observe , that , according to the last returns , there were actually 143,000 men serving in the navy . This , no doubt , formed an excess beyond the vote of parliament , which , as soon as the admiralty were apprized of it , in December last , should have been immediately communicated to the House , if it had been then silting . Every man of common sense 251 must admit , that it was obviously impossible , from the distribution of our navy in various quarters of the world , and the means unavoidably resorted to for recruiting it , to guard against exceeding the vote of parliament , or even to secure a compliance with that vote . But the excess in this instance was so considerable , that it was intended to submit a distinct question to the consideration of the House , how that excess was to be disposed of and provided for : at present , he only moved for the usual vote , leaving the question open for future discussion , whether any , and what part of this excess should be retained ? The policy of disbanding so large a body of men , without knowing the general state of the navy , appeared to require very serious and deliberate conderation . After some further remarks upon the new arrangement which he had described , relative to the separation of the naval and military accounts , the hon . member moved , `` That the sum of 2,899,750l . be granted to his majesty , for the wages of the said 130,000 men , for thirteen lunar months , at the rate of 1l . 15s . 6d . per man per month . '' The motion was agreed to , as were also the following : `` For victualling 130,000 seamen voted for 13 lunar months at the rate of 2l . 17s . 3d . per man per month , 3,932,625l . : for wear and tear of the Navy , 3,205,500l . : for Naval Ordnance , 591,500l . The House then resumed , and the report was ordered to be received the next day . rose in consequence of his previous notice , and moved , That the bill of last session for suspending for a limited period the granting of Offices in Reversion , be read ; which being done , the hon . gent . said , when he rose the other day to give notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in a bill to make perpetual the act which had just been read , he had not the slightest idea , that there would be any thing like opposition made to it . It was with infinite surprize and concern , however , he heard his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) declare it was his intention to shorten the duration of the prevention by bringing in a bill of his own for its continuance only one year longer . What reason his right hon . friend could have for taking such a course , he could not even pretend to guess ; but whatever it might be , he hoped and trusted it would not operate on the mind 252 of the House , because he thought he could shew , beyond a possibility of contradiction , that it ought not so to operate . In order to do this , it would only be necessary for him to give a concise history of the origin and progress of this bill.—It would be in the recollection of all those who sat in the former parliament , that a Committee had been appointed to enquire into the state of the finances of the country ; and that towards the latter end of the session of that short parliament the House had , in consequence of a report of that Committee , resolved unanimously , that no place in reversion should