interruption of amity with America was not likely to embroil the two countries ; the disagreement had been that of individuals ; the nations had not been committed ; and his majesty was still willing to take all fair and honourable means of upholding the spirit of friendship which ought to prevail between this great country and her allies . He concluded by moving an Address , which was , as usual , an echo of the Speech . in seconding the motion , said , that he would not have obtruded himself upon the attention of the House , had he not been convinced that they would extend to him the candour , indulgence and patience granted on former occasions . In the course of his majesty 's Speech , wherein he had taken a review of the events by which the interests of this and of other countries had been affected , his majesty had had the painful duty to lament , that the issue of the struggle of some of his allies , for liberty and independence , had but little corresponded with the hopes he had indulged ; but it was some consolation to reflect , that the misfortunes could in no degree be attributed to the line of conduct his majesty had deemed it right to pursue . Austria , goaded by injury , and provoked by insult , had entered into a war without the advice of his majesty , where she had to fight , not merely for her national honour , but for her existence as an independent State . When she was called upon to acknowledge the right of a man to the crown of Spain , whose only title was usurpation , she found herself compelled to employ for her protection those troops that , in imminent expectation of hostility , she had collected round her throne.—No share of the disasters which occurred was to be imputed to her thirst of hostilities . It had been authoritatively intimated to her by France , that she must at once reduce her 40 forces ; and the reduction was to be brought to a standard that would have made her powerless before the first enemy that willed to attack her . This was not to be done , while a sword remained in her hands , while she still retained a remnant of her vigour , while she could appeal to her people , and call on their loyalty and their feeling to aid her in the battle for their common security and glory . A new crisis appeared to be approaching . There were evidences before her eye of the vigour which might be displayed by a people in defence of their privileges . Spain was immediately within her view . She saw that great and unfortunate country rising against the treachery of France . She saw her suffering as she was , under all the visitations of a desperate and sudden violence , nobly rise and repel its ravage , prefer a glorious and uncertain struggle to a silent and dastardly dependence , and drive the invader before her rude heroism . Was it to be imputed as a folly to Austria , that she admired so glorious an example ? Or as a crime to the British ministers , that they were anxious to give her strength and support to emulate its renown ? Buonaparté had declared , that the fate of Austria depended on a single battle . He might have , with still more truth , acknowledged that his own destinies were balanced on the same doubtful and unfixed decision . It was then the season for giving our effectual aid . Subsidy had been given : but the aid of a generous people was to be more active . It was then that the utmost exertions were made by his majesty to complete an armament , which would , as much as possible , forward the general cause , by rendering assistance to the emperor of Austria . The question arose to what point it should be directed ; some asserting that , without injury to