they were unanimous for the discovery and punishment of the author ? He was astonished to hear of a fresh army having been sent to Spain , after the disasters which had befallen the former , which had a much fairer prospect of success . But the most infallible mode of securing miscarriage had been resorted to by ministers , when they divided their strength between Spain and Walcheren . The circumstances of the transactions had been so extraordinary , both in the plan and in the execution , that in justice to themselves , ministers ought to demand the most rigid enquiry into their own conduct . Thinking as he did that such an enquiry was necessary he should vote for the Amendment . did not mean either to support the Address or the Amendment , but he wished the House to adopt some course which would produce unanimity . Not being in possession of the necessary documents , he could not know to whom the country ought to impute the dishonour and calamities which had lately attached to his Majesty 's arms . He sincerely lamented the unfortunate expedition to the Scheldt , and thought it absolutely necessary that that disgraceful enterprize should be accounted for by his majesty 's ministers , by the noble lord whose department it then was to superintend it , or by the naval and military commanders who conducted the execution of it . Our situation in this country was certainly a subject of consolation to the people , when they compared their state with that of others ; but when he saw the present abject state of our allies , whose territories had been nearly swallowed up in the French empire , he did not see that even we had much reason for exultation . He wished the House to present a dutiful Address to the throne , desiring an enquiry into the conduct of ministers , but carefully avoiding all expressions which might appear to prejudge one or all of them . He was sorry to perceive one very essential subject had been omitted in the Speech , but which he would wish to introduce into the Address ; he meant the situation of the people of Ireland , who were our most faithful as well as most useful allies . He had opportunities of being informed , and knew it to be true , that they were now suffering under very great hardships , but which he did not impute to the noble 64 duke who then represented our most gracious Sovereign in that country . Ministers ought to extend much more attention to Ireland , than they had hitherto done , to preserve it sure to our empire , and unassailable by the enemy . Portugal he also thought might be defended with 30,000 men against any invading army , at least such was the opinion of the late sir Charles Stewart , whose opinions were much respected by the officers , and he trusted ministers would take the proper measures for its defence . saw no good likely to arise to the country from an enquiry , as he was well aware of the manner in which it would most likely be carried on . He therefore liked that part of the Amendment , which at once condemned the expeditions to Walcheren and Spain , better than that which merely proposed an inquiry into them . The measures of ministers , even as mentioned by themselves deserved censure and condemnation . The tardiness with which they executed what measures they had devised , where promptitude was particularly necessary , excited the surprise and indignation of every man . For argument 's sake he would suppose their projects to be the best concerted ; still would the tardiness of their execution be sufficient to establish the criminality of ministers . Buonaparté left Spain before the end of January : it was then plain that a war with Austria would inevitably ensue ; he left Paris on the 16th of April : fought the battle of Ratisbon on the 22d , and in a few days after reached Vienna .