would insist on a thorough investigation into the old . They might all deserve punishment , but none could meritremuneration . He could not , therefore , as he had 666 before stated , consent to vote the Estimates , without knowing how the money was spent . He regretted that a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) who was always so prominent on questions relating to military affairs , was not in the House to deliver his opinion on these estimates . He considered it very extraordinary too , that he should have vacated his seat on the very day they were proposed . He recollected well that in a deoate on the same subject last session , that honourable member had felt it his duty to criticize the army estimates . He put some very pointed questions to the then secretary at war relating to the measures taken for the defence of the coast . He asked whether they were in that formidable condition that if Buonaparté by chance should sail by , he would pull off his hat , and say , `` gentlemen , your humble servants , I see I can not attack you . '' The right hon . member might have made a similar observation when he vacated his seat , and secured a snug sinecure . He might have said to the abolitionists , `` Gentlemen , your humble servant , you may now do what you please with your bill , it wo n't affect me . '' —He recollected to have heard an observation of an hon . member of that House , who had shared the fate of many administrations . `` Good God ! '' says he , `` how different a man feels in and out of office ! '' There was another hon . gent . in his eye ( Mr. Huskisson , ) whose conduct in a late debate shewed , that a man might not only feel , but speak very differently in and out office . The speech of that hon . gent . on that occasion , was directly the reverse of what he had urged in answer last session to the propositions submitted to the House by his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) behind him . For the hon . gent . confirmed in perfect sobriety a great deal of that which his hon . friend had perhaps indiscreetly declared in a convivial moment . His hon . friend had declared , that it was possible to save ten millions , or to the amount of the income tax , out of the annual expenditure of the country . Now the time he selected for making this declaration , was the worst he could choose , namely , after a taverndinner ; and , probably , at a time when the best financier in the company was not in a condition to divide the dinner-bill . And yet it was upon an inconsiderate declaration of this kind , and the applause that it excited , that his hon . friend chose to found a statement which tended to 667 render every suggestion of public economy ridiculous . Save ten millions ! why his hon . friend reflected so little on what he was pledging himself to , that one glass more might have made it seventy millions . It was natural enough that his hon . friend , who was at that time in the high tide of his well-deserved popularity , should have thrown out in the gaiety of the moment so extravagant an expectation ; but it was most extraordinary that he should come down to the House , and endeavour to establish such a statement . And how did he propose to effect this vast saving ? Why , by wholly abolishing some of the most necessary branches of the public expenditure , by reforming others , by driblets cabbaged from this office and that department . Such inconsiderate proposals might be productive of great danger and detriment to the country . They tended to bring all plans of reform and economy into