world , that when a man had any thing valuable to give , he was in a fair way of expecting something equivalent in return . Ministers sometimes required support , and merchants were sometimes members of parliament , or possessed political influence in some quarter ; and if by any chance a merchant was favoured with a licence , perhaps exclusively , to trade to any particular country for the export or import of any given commodity , no doubt he would feel himself much obliged ; he would consider the minister who gave it his friend , and would think nothing of losing a few nights rest , or sitting up now and then a few hours extraordinary , to attend a debate or division in that House . It sometimes happened , that in one week licences were given to trade to certain parts , and in the next they were stopped . In such cases , the licences themselves became , to those who had the good fortune to obtain them , lucrative commodities for traffic . He had heard of an instance where a single licence was sold for 1,000l . ; and if these instances were frequent , every man must see what enormous degree of influence it would give to ministers . explained , by saying he never had spoken of the Orders in Council , or the system of licences , as eligible measures ; on the contrary , he thought them abstractedly ineligible ; but they were forced upon the government by the existing circumstances . assured the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) that in issuing those licences the most perfect impartiality was observed , and no man 's political principles or conduct ever thought of on such occasions . attributed the comparative prosperity of our commerce of late , not to the Orders in Council , nor to the licensing system , but to the temporary suspension of the American embargo and non-intercourse , under an idea that all differences were adjusted with Mr. Erskine ; and to the occurrence of the Austrian war , which attracted all the French troops from the ports of Holland and Germany . said it had been remarked , that memory stood in an inverse ratio to wit . The wit of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) they had frequent occasion to remark ; but this night he had shewn , that he possessed the worst memory in the world . He must surely be seen to have done so , when he had stated that the Orders in Council had reduced ; 159 the trade of the country to the greatest state of distress , whereas , it must be in the recollection of the House , that they were issued in November , and that the state of stagnation had been proved to have existed in August and September . It was remarkable , however , that the two right hon . gentlemen had assigned very different reasons for the present great increase of trade . One assigned it to the effect of revulsion ; the other to the Austrian war and the Walcheren Expedition . It had been alleged or insinuated that licences were given only to the friends of administration and yet it was admitted that the trade of the country , was carried on almost exclusively under the protection of licences , was great and extensive beyond all former precedent ; he could not therefore but congratulate the gentlemen on the bench below him on the evidence which this afforded , that the whole commercial body of the people were friends to the present ministers . assured the hon . and learned gent . that he never meant to ascribe the success of oar trade to the Walcheren Expedition . was one of those who believed that the worst consequences had resulted from the Orders in Council—the trade was kept alive by relaxations and departures from them . As to the partiality which the system of licenses admitted , he had no doubt upon it ; but he was