benefit , to any set of men . This , at least , is not a bed of roses . They might escape blame , but they could not possibly acquire any reputation . They would succeed to shattered finances , to unsuccessful arms , to disgraced councils , and to a war , the close or the continuation of which it is alike impossible to contemplate without alarm ; they would succeed to difficulties that might confound the wisest , and to dangers that might appal the boldest statesman ; difficulties and dangers for which the emoluments of office , and the pride of party victory , would but poorly compensate to men who looked , as I hope they look , not only to themselves but to the country ; to future fame as well as to present power . Perhaps ft may be already too late , and we may shortly be destined , partly owing to our own follies , and partly owing to those awful events which we could not controul , and which have made our times the beginning of a new æra in the world , to share the fate of the other nations of Europe . Perhaps we are already in a situation which defies the efforts of the 62 wisest and best men among us , and which would have defied the efforts of these wiser and greater men whom we have lost . But if the country , shorn of its honours , and humbled as it must be , can still be preserved , sure I am , that its preservation can not be the work of those by whom it has been brought into its present situation , or of persons who proceed upon the same system with inferior ability . It can not be preserved by the wreck and remnant of a ministry , by something weaker than that which was already supposed to have attained the utmost possible point of debility ; persons whose defects are notorious , and whose very apology is shameful ; who offer us their intolerance and court favour , as substitutes for all the qualities that ought to belong to an English administration . If we are not willing to bear every thing , this is not to be borne . It is time to try some other remedy before the last agony comes on . If this empire is to be destroyed let it not be under the reign of these Augustuli . Let its end be worthy of a state which has achieved great actions and produced great men . If we fall let us fall with dignity . objected to the Amendment , as it condemned the conduct of ministers without evidence . said , that he could not sit down and give a silent vote upon subjects which had excited so much regret and indignation among all classes of the community . As the representatives of the people , they ought to tell their constituents that they did not overlook the conduct of ministers , and that they would not pass by their misconduct without punishment . He was really astonished at the conduct of the noble lord who moved the Address , as well as that of the gentleman who seconded it , in having expressed a hope that it would be carried with unanimity , when it was a mere echo of the speech ; composed by his Majesty 's ministers . At present they wanted information to enable the House to judge whether public affairs had been well or ill managed , and without delay they ought to pledge themselves to the country to call for such information , and demand a rigid enquiry after the supposed delinquents . If the House considered the armaments that were still going forward , it ought not to lose an instant in the investigation of those which had already terminated in disaster and disgrace . He would appeal to any gentleman opposite him , whether 63 it was not the sense of the people in all quarters that our arms had lately been disgraced , and that