nation of the globe , and thus attract a most lucrative branch of business to this country . He trusted the House would see the importance of the proposition . He would not conclude his speech upon the subject in the usual way , by moving for leave to bring in a bill , because he thought it more decorous to consult in the first instance , the deliberative wisdom of a committee of the House , who should inquire fully into the necessity and expediency of the measure , and report their opinion . The hon . member concluded by moving `` That a select committee be appointed to take into consideration the act made in the 6th of George the first , for granting exclusive privileges for marine insurances , to the Royal Exchange and London Assurance companies , and also to consider the best means of effecting marine insurances , and report their opinion to the House . '' rose , and spoke as follows : Mr. Speaker ; For the better elucidation of the motion now before the House , it will be necessary to state , more particularly than has hitherto been done , the nature and object of the petition with which it is connected , and on which it is founded . This petition is signed by a great number of very respectable individuals in this metropolis , describing themselves as merchants and others having assurances to make , who are desirous of forming themselves into a company , with a capital of five millions , for the purpose of effecting assurances ; and praying that they may be enabled so to do , either by the repeal of the exclusive privileges granted to the two existing companies , by the Act of the 6th Geo . 1 , or by being permitted to make such assurances as a company , notwithstanding the said recited Act . Thus the supporters of this petition are in a situation of some embarrassment as well as awkwardness ; for they must first persuade the House that insurance companies , possessing exclusive or particular privileges , are prejudicial to the public interests , in order to induce us to deprive those now existing of their chartered rights ; and then , requesting us to forget all they have said on this subject , they must take up the contrary side of the argument , and persuade us that such companies are advantageous to the public interests , in order to induce us to establish their intended new company on the ruins of the old companies . They endeavour , indeed , to draw a distinction between this new company and the present chartered companies , by declaring that they renounce all pretensions to a charter—that they require no monopoly ; but the explanation they give of their views and objects , by no means accords with these declarations.—Parties who apply for an incorporation can have but two objects in view ; to obtain either exclusive or particular privileges , and to obtain an exemption from responsibility beyond the amount which they engage to invest as a capital in the intended undertaking . The plan of this new company comprises both these objects ; for the petitioners pray that they may have the privilege of doing that , which the law as it now stands prohibits them from doing , effecting marine insurances as a company ; and they farther pray , that they may be exempted from responsibility beyond the amount of their intended capital . Whether these advan- 402 tages are given them by a charter , or by an act of Parliament , the mode indeed may vary , but the effect will be the same ; and therefore , there is nothing to distinguish this case , from other cases of applications made by individuals for privileges not enjoyed by the community at large . It is obvious that the grant of any such privileges or immunities to any set of men , is an injury to all those by whom they are not enjoyed ; and therefore it is an established principle that