was worth the attempt . Besides , it was the best mode that could be devised , not to withdraw French troops from the Danube , but to prevent reinforcements of 25,000 or 30,000 men from going thither . A circumstance , which , when the nice balance that existed between the contending armies was adverted to , must appear to be of great consequence ; even during the armistice this was a material consideration , and , therefore although the advantages were unquestionably lessened by the armistice , the expedition was notwithstanding , useful to Austria . The moment that Austria knew that such an expedition was in agitation , she entreated us to persevere in its completion . But the hon . gent . had accused his Majesty 's government of sending supplies to Walcheren after it was in contemplation to abandon it . Let it be recollected , however , that had the armistice 102 been broken off instead of being confirmed , the evacuation of Walcheren would not have taken place . The right hon . gent , opposite asked of what value the possession of Walcheren could be to Great Britain ? Though he ( Mr. Perceval ) consented to surrender it under the circumstances to which he had just adverted , he was ready to avow that he thought it of great value . Whether it was worth the expence of a garrison , however , was another question ; and on a comparative view of the subject , that question had been decided in the negative . But to shew still more strongly the sense which the Austrians entertained of the value of this possession to their interests , he would only observe , that within a day or two of the conclusion of the armistice , Austria requested this country not to abandon Walcheren.—The next subject to which he came , was the appointment of lord Chatham to the expedition . The gentlemen opposite had indulged in reflections on that noble lord , which , considering the situation in which he stood , might with great propriety have been omitted . Whenever it was probable that the conduct of an individual would be subjected to an inquiry , justice demanded that the public mind should not be prejudiced against him . Was it fair to any officer , because he differed from others in politics , to be treated as this noble lord had been treated by the right hon . gent. , and by the hon . general opposite ? He was sure that the latter would feel the injustice of such a proceeding in his own case , and would deprecate the dissemination of opinions condemning his conduct , when that conduct was to become the subject of any investigation . Upon this point he should only make one more observation , viz . that the result of the inquiry , if any inquiry should be thought necessary , would , in a great measure , decide the question relative to the propriety or the impropriety of the appointment of that noble lord to the command of the expedition.—He could not , also , upon this occasion , avoid expressing his regret at the manner in which another noble lord ( Wellington ) had been attacked in his absence ; if this practice were persisted in , it would damp the ardour , and check the spirit of our officers for they would go out to fight the battles of their country with the melancholy conviction , that however great their exertions might be , their political adversaries would 103 in their absence eagerly seize upon every little event that could be construed into a disaster , for the purpose of wounding their feelings , depreciating their services , and attacking their characters.—The hon . gent. , who had seconded the amendment , had also in his opinion , in a most unjustifiable manner , commented upon the conduct of several officers of a less elevated rank , who had been employed on most important services in Spain , whom he had chosen to term `` military missionaries , ''