provided a disposable force of more than 16,000 men . stated , that the full force was effective , but that the obstacle at the time alluded to arose from the state of the new equipments . on the order of the day for the second reading of this Bill being moved , said , that understanding that a petition from the City of London had been that day presented to the House , against the bill , he trusted , that the right hon . gent . would see the propriety of not pressing the second reading on that day . confessed , that he could not possibly see the necessity of any such forbearance . He should therefore move that the Bill be now read a second time.—On this question being put from the Chair , said , that he was very sorry to trespass upon the time of the House . He had already occupied too large a portion of their attention , and , perhaps , wearied out their indulgence in delivering at length , upon a former occasion , his opinions upon the merits of the late campaign in the peninsula . He should not now re-state those opinions , but content himself with referring the House to the consideration of the petition that had that day been presented to them from the city of London . The objections to the grant in question were put in so plain , clear , full , and satisfactory a manner as could not fail of making a serious impression upon the mind of every unprejudiced man . He thought , too , that even those who thought more highly of the services of lord Wellington than he did , might have very different , notions as to the lavish expenditure of the public money ; they were not merely to consider whether lord Wellington deserved that remuneration , but whether it ought to be derived to him from the 606 public purse . A near relative of the noble lord had , on a former night , favoured them with a statement of the private means of that noble lord which , though not of splendid munificence , was yet , he thought , such as proved that there was no necessity to press further , in the present instance , upon the public burthens . said , that when the merits of the case were last agitated , the fate of a much regretted friend of his ( Mr. Eden ) was involved in uncertainty . That uncertainty had since resolved itself into a melancholy certainty , and he thought that in consequence of that circumstance , it would have been well to have rewarded the services of lord Wellington with the sinecure thus left vacant , ( the Tellership of the Exchequer . ) That , however , instead of being given to one who had fought for his country abroad , had been bestowed on a person who had distinguished himself by fighting the battles of ministers at home . He thought the Petition from the City of London in-titled to great attention . Though he did justice to the prowess of lord Wellington , yet he was of opinion that while no such acknowledgment had been made of the services of gen. Moore , it did not become ministers to propose such a grant to the noble lord who had fought the battle of Talavera . spoke in favour of the splendid talents of lord Wellington , whom he thought , highly deserving this annuity . said , the right hon . bart . had not received an answer to one point , viz . that ministers had , since the bill was brought in , an opportunity afforded them of giving lord Wellington the office of teller of the Exchequer . Why was the House called on to add to the sums the people were bound to pay , such an annuity as this , when he might have been so well rewarded without adding to their burdens , if ministers had not thought fit to give this valuable office to a