then the House grant to an accused ministry that protection which concealment can afford , upon a great question of political importance , involving the honour , the interests , and the character of the county , after having refused it to the son of their sovereign , in a case where the very nature and character of the transactions inquired into would have naturally prompted to the temporary suspension of reporting daily its proceedings ? He was ready to believe that ministers did not wish to screen their conduct by such an expedient ; and even if they did , he was sure , from the independent political career of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) who had enforced the Order , that he would have disdained to be their instrument for any such purpose . It was not the wish , he was assured , of the two Secretaries of State to have any such course pursued . It had indeed been expressed as the wish of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) that the investigation should be as open and public as possible , that the scrutiny into his share of those transactions which were to be the subject of inquiry , should be both strict and rigorous . What , then , could have induced the right hon . gent . to press this Order at this most perilous crisis ? What could be the advantage in this House meeting the public hope , by an act which must lead to public disappointment ? How can that examination which the country and the House , had proclaimed to be necessary for our honour and security , prove by its publicity through the ordinary channels , to be mischievous to the public interests ? From what had fallen from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) , it might be inferred that he was apprehensive lest a partial or garbled publication of the evidence might be made by the daily prints . But he must be allowed to observe , that , in the communication of 325 the transactions of that House , the editors of the Public Journals had been uniformly guided by the strictest impartiality . There never was exerted any undue influence , never felt any improper bias in giving parliamentary reports . But if there was one point upon which they were more scrupulous than another relative to the proceedings of that House , it was in correctly and fully communicating the details of evidence when examined at the bar . Were even the editors inclined from motives of their own , or corrupt views of self interest , to excite any improper prejudice by mutilated or unjustifiable statements , he was confident that not one of the gentlemen who were in the habit of taking the reports of that House , would lend himself to such an improper service . Suppose they should not choose to make correct reports of what passed in that House , would it be endured by the country ? Would any one purchase their papers which did not give so material a feature of intelligence ? Why then preclude them from this particular subject of investigation ? Hut the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) had stated that the newspapers could take copies of the Minutes printed by the order of the House . They certainly can , but it was wholly at their option ; and will it be endured that the country should be deprived of that information which it is most alive to be possessed of , that it should be kept in complete ignorance of what parliament was doing at one of the most awful moments of its existence ; for surely it would not be contended that the papers printed by the order of that House could by any possibility circulate throughout the mass of the population of these kingdoms ? But even were these documents to circulate , they would only convey the mere questions and answers . All the interlocutory discussion would be suppressed , and perhaps questions of the