the Expedition . But if no enquiry was necessary into the conduct of these officers , to whom was entrusted the execution of the objects of the Expedition , he must contend that it was the duty of that House to institute an inquiry into the conduct of those who had concerted it . rose and expressed a wish that the duty of replying to the noble mover , and the hon . seconder of this motion , had fallen into abler hands ; but feeling at the same time , that in the course of the evening he should have to call upon the House to vote against the motion , he thought that he could at no time do it with less appearance of presumption , than when the House was on the point of going to a division . The speeches of the noble lord and hon . gent . though materially at variance in several parts , yet coincided in one particular , as both the speakers thought it would become that House to give a pledge that it would institute an inquiry into the circumstances attending the late Expedition . He had listened to the splendid oratory of the noble lord and the hon . gent . who followed him , with much attention , and with great personal pleasure . But good oratory , like good poetry , might not be the worse for fiction . Ministers had been spoken of as if they wished to elude enquiry and to shelter certain individuals from public justice . Which of his Majesty 's ministers , he would ask , could it be the object of government to screen ? Could it be the object of the present administration to screen those from inquiry who were no longer members of it ? If that were the case , if ministers were so disposed towards those individuals , what became of the taunts and sarcasms respecting that disunion which had been so loudly complained of ? —What became of those animosities , and of that hatred which had been spoken of as existing in the late cabinet ? The noble lord had asked , why was not the late Expedition sent to the north of Germany instead of Walcheren ? If ministers , said that noble lord , had money to throw away on a Dutchman , 177 why could not that money have been expended in an Expedition to the north of Germany ? To this he would reply , that there was an immense difference between sending an Expedition to a place not more than twenty-four hours sail from our coast , and dispatching one by a circuitous way to the north of Germany , a distance of many hundred miles . That , however , was a subject not then to be discussed , and he felt he trespassed on the House by replying so fully to that which be would say had been so unfairly and uncandidly brought forward . When those papers and documents were before the House , which had been promised by his Majesty , he would prove that the detail into which the noble lord had entered had been greatly exaggerated in some parts , and wholly unfounded in others . He had spoken of the circumstances under which the Expedition sailed from this country , uncandidly stating the dates of the battles in Germany , without at the same time ingenuously stating to the House the periods at which those events became known in England . The noble lord had taken the same unfair advantage of the unfavourable state of the weather , and while he spoke of the battles of Aspern and Wagram in Germany as having been known earlier than it was possible for the information to reach this country , he had spoken of the Expedition as having been delayed by a want of promptitude on the part of government a fortnight after it was ready to sail . It was true , that the actions the hon . gen. had spoken of had taken place on the days he had particularized . It was