meant . The situation of the country was obviously such as required as strong an administration as could be formed , and he did think that there existed circumstances at the time the application was made , which rendered it not improbable that that application would not have been unsuccessful . But if he was to be accused of arrogance , and of wishing to reign without a rival , as had been insinuated by the hon . gent , it was strange that he should have made this application to the two noble lords , and more especially when he informed the House that the first proposition which he should have made to them , if they had given him an opportunity of stating it , would have been that it should be left to themselves to determine who should be the First Lord of 96 the Treasury . With respect to himself he again repeated that it was a situation which he did not desire . That he had afterwards accepted the office was true , and his principal motive was , that he felt himself bound , by every consideration of duty and principle , not to suffer his sovereign to be dictated to , and not to leave his Majesty without a minister . He had already stated the proposition he meant to make with respect to the office of First Lord of the Treasury ; with regard to the other offices of government , it was natural to conceive that they were to be at the disposal of those who contributed to the formation of the administration . If there was any thing in this statement that rested solely upon his assertion , the fault did not rest with him , for he had no opportunity afforded to him of conveying to the two noble lords the nature of the proposal he meant to make . But the hon . gent , seemed to think that there was something unaccountable , almost absurd in the offer which he had made to the two noble lords , and that it was highly honourable in them to have refused it.—Upon this point he begged to repeat what he had stated before , that it appeared to him , that there were then in existence circumstances which afforded a greater chance of the success of his application than at any other time . The first was , though this might appear a trifling consideration , the period of the year . Some time had elapsed since the prorogation of Parliament , when political animosities might naturally be supposed to be irritated and augmented by the contests in which the different parties were engaged in Parliament , and the lapse of time might naturally be supposed to have abated much of party animosity . This , however , he mentioned only as a slight circumstance ; but there were others in his mind of much more importance . The hon . gent . had asked how he could expect that any union could take place among those who differed so radically ? Most certainly very considerable differences had subsisted between the noble lords to whom he made the application , and the administration of which he was a member , but he thought that there was less chance that these difference would prevent an union at that time , because the grounds of many of those differences had been removed . With respect to Austria , the war had nearly terminated ; certainly the relative situation of Austria and France appeared to be ripening to a 97 crisis which would unite all opinions ; and therefore the question respecting the propriety of taking a part in the contests on the continent , which formed one of the points of difference , was on the eve of being removed . With respect to Spain and Portugal , he thought there could exist no difference of opinion as to the propriety of giving assistance to those injured nations , as long as they felt the inclination , or possessed the means of defending themselves . That question , however , was