these consequences will not ensue ; that this New Marine Insurance Company will , on the contrary , encourage the insurance trade , by the increased facility and advantage it will afford ; and that thus more new business will be brought to Lloyd 's than will be taken away . They who so argue , if they believe what they say , must be weak indeed . The principle of this company is not competition , but combination ; it even precludes all possibility of competition ; for the proprietors tell you , that they possess nine-tenths of the commercial interest of the City of London , and that they wish to form themselves into a company , for the purpose of effecting their own insurances . Who then can wrest them out of their hands ? Besides , if this company be incorporated , on what grounds can incorporations be refused to any other set of men ? Every out-port will have its Marine Insurance Company ; and if the merchants of this metropolis , who are not interested in this establishment , have sufficient business among them to form a second company , a second company will be established here , and thus the whole business of underwriting by individuals will be altogether annihilated.—Great as I consider the evil of this intended establishment to be in itself , I consider it as greater still , when I reflect on the ruin that it will inevitably bring on a numerous class of meritorious individuals , who , I may say , have more than ordinary claims to public consideration . The subscribers to Lloyd 's , in promoting their own interests , have at the same time promoted those of their country ; they have increased her revenue , and raised her commercial character as well as her prosperity . With a liberality not always found in public bodies , they freely and gratuitously communicate that intelligent e to others , which they daily procure at a heavy expence to themselves . By a standing regulation of the house , access is given to their books in the non-subscribers ' room , to every individual whose interest , or whose anxiety for his absent friends , may bring him there . The editors of the public papers constantly resort there also , and all the information the public receive 417 respecting shipping concerns comes from Lloyd 's . The subscribers to Lloyd 's have , at all times , been ready to set an example to their countrymen of public spirit and liberality . Their hands and hearts have ever been open to relieve the distress of those who have suffered , and to reward the valour of those who have distinguished themselves in the cause of their country . More particularly at the commencement of the present war , at a period of great and general public alarm , when every man expected to be obliged to contend for British liberty on British ground , they stood nobly forward ; by a well-timed and spirited effort , they infused energy and confidence into the public mind , and gave an impulse to patriotism , which was felt , and most beneficially felt , to the very remotest comer of the British dominions . One unanswerable objection to this new company arises from the illegality of the principle on which it is founded . As the law now stands , if a merchant chooses to underwrite those policies of insurance which he is ordered by his correspondents to effect , he can only do so on the following terms : —if losses happen , he must pay those losses ; but if the vessels arrive he can not recover his premiums . So justly tenacious is the law of the great and salutary rule , that no man shall be at the same time agent and principal ; that he shall not have an interest contrary to that of the party for whom he acts . This company is founded on the direct violation of this rule . Every member is to throw his policies into the common