( Mr. Foster ) in favour of the prohibition of the import of Irish spirits into England , that argument could only rest upon the presumption , that Ireland was a foreign country instead of being an integral part of the empire . Would the proposition , he should ask , be endured , that because the manufacturer of a particular article might stop in an English county , in consequence of the local scarcity of that article , a similar manufacturer from another English county should not be admitted ? The question was going to be put , when Lord Primrose and Mr. Boyle suggested the propriety of continuing the restriction of distilling from grain in Ireland , and expressed a hope that the operation of the bill would be made to extend to Ireland . said , that in case any such proposition was made , he would endeavour to be in his place , and give it all his opposition . The question was then put and agreed to . rose to bring forward his motion , in consequence of the petition he had presented a few days since , praying for a Bill to establish a New Marine Insurance Company . He spoke at considerable length , but in so low a tone , that it was impossible to collect even the substance of his speech with any degree of accuracy . We understood , however , that he made a chronological statement of similar institutions already adopted , from time to time , in this country , and their inadequacy to meet all the objects of commercial men . With respect to the design of the merchants who had signed this petition , any man who read the list must be confident they were not men likely to be actuated by mere views of personal interest ; but that they chiefly contemplated the general interests and accommodation of the mercantile world . He then went into a comparative statement of the amount of insurances at the different offices annually , and shewed that in the two now in existence , which offices possessed exclusive privileges , namely , the Royal Exchange and London Assurance , their amount of risk on vessels was so limited , that neither would exceed 10,000l . upon any one ship ; and that ship-owners , whose vessels greatly exceeded that value , were obliged to run their own risks . 400 There was another point extremely to be desired by merchants , namely , that they should be always assured of the ability of those who subscribed to policies , fully to meet the risk ; a point not easily known by the present mode . Merchants were obliged to apply frequently to a number and variety of underwriters at Lloyd 's , upon risks of any large amount ; and the consequence often was , a considerable loss to the party so insured ; insomuch , that at the peace of Amiens , he knew one gentleman insured for 36,000l . who was forced , through the insolvency of several of the underwriters at Lloyd 's , to sit down with a loss of one-third of the whole amount insured . A regular company , composed by persons of known respectability , carrying on their business in one house , and under the management of directors , was the kind of establishment most desirable to commercial men . The subscribers to this petition had already subscribed a sum of five millions , which they could increase to any extent required ; so that instead of being confined , like the two present companies , exclusively chartered , to a risk of about three millions , or three parts out of one hundred , constituting the total of the insurances of London in each year , the proposed company might insure to any extent required . The establishment he proposed would not injure the interests of any other , for the increased commerce of this country would afford business enough for all ; and the establishment might be made to answer , not only for England , but for every