duty , would not present it to his Majesty , at least , without apprizing sir Richard Strachan of its contents , and affording him an opportunity to defend himself . What , he would ask , was the course likely to be pursued by the first lord of the admiralty upon such a consultation ? He hoped that no man on either side of the House could have a doubt that lord Mulgrave would have immediately communicated with sir Richard Strachan upon the subject of such a paper . If , then , the present case was to serve as a precedent , every man might do what lord Chatham had done , and there was an end of the responsibility of ministers . He submitted it to the wisdom of the Speaker , if any paper of this kind ought to go to the king , save through the constitutional organ ? By the constitution , the king could not see a minister on his return from a foreign court , but in the presence of his secretary for foreign affairs ; and he appealed to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) if an interview of that description had been advised , while he held the office , whether he would not have resigned ? Why , then , should the commander of an expedition on his return have the privilege of going into his Majesty 's closet secretly to asperse the character of 488 the other officers associated with him in the expedition ? Why should he communicate with his Majesty upon such a subject but through the constitutional channel , the office of the secretary of state : But it was said his Majesty had delivered the narrative to lord Liverpool . He would presume that his Majesty had read and formed an opinion on it . His cabinet might hold an opinion directly the reverse , either that the army or that the navy was to blame . What , then , would be the consequence , if the cabinet had to advise their sovereign directly against the opinion they knew he had formed ? What became of that respect to his Majesty ; that decency and attention prescribed by the constitution ? The order of the House was also urged . But it did not follow that they , when they made that order , understood that the paper was presented in any other but the ordinary constitutional way , through the Secretary of State , or the Commander in Chief . At any rate , it was not fair to bind the House down to what , on consideration , they found to be pregnant with mischief . On most important points , they rescinded their orders , when they saw that evil consequences would result from them , not at first contemplated . He had no resolution ready to submit , but humbly referred to the Speaker to say , whether this matter was conformable to the constitution and usages of parliament . did not think the matter of sufficient importance , to call on the Speaker for a decision , which only seemed to be the forlorn hope of gentlemen , who found their arguments could not bear them out in what they wished . It was impossible to ground a single constitutional argument on their view of the case ; and if statements against the navy were contained in the narrative , the navy might gainsay them by a counter statement . explained . He was prepared to declare himself responsible , that this was the paper called for by the House . suggested that there were two distinct questions involved in the present discussion : the one was , the contents of the paper now before them , with which he apprehended they had for the present nothing to do , though the time he trusted was not far distant , when they would form the subject of their most serious consideration ; the other , with which alone he conceived they had to do at present , was the 489 mode and form in