could not vote for the motion till information had been laid before the House . He did not , however , like to vote for the previous question ; for though the previous , question was very well understood in that House , he believed it was not out of it ; and he would not wish it to be supposed that by voting against the motion , he was against an enquiry . He could wish that an adjournment of the debate might take place till Monday se'nnight . said he felt , from the general anxiety spread throughout the country , that an enquiry was expedient ; but he thought it was only fair to wait till they had some information on the subject ; and so short a delay as that required , certainly could not make much difference . He should therefore vote for the previous question . , it was the mere trick of the minister to get rid of the question , by moving the previous one ; and what confidence could there be in a man who would resort to such means to keep himself in place for a few days ? It was like a tree which was withered , and a particle of vegetation remained in the roots and throughout a sucker , but the moment it came in contact with the wholesome air , it decayed , expired , never to rise again ; so would be the machinations of the right hon . gent , that night ; for they would not be allowed to bud , but would be cut off by the , wholesome determination and vote of that House on the division . If they were to get rid of it that night , what pledge did they give , that they would bring it to an ultimatum on Monday ? rose to mark the essential difference between the motion itself and the mode proposed for getting rid of it . Every mail in the House , and he believed nineteen-twentieths of the people out of doors , who thought inquiry necessary , did not want those papers to form their opinion on the subject Which , he asked , would be the most important pledge , that of coming to an immediate resolution in favour of an enquiry at the bar of the House , or agreeing to the previous ques- 204 tion which was only moved for the purpose of putting it off indefinitely . He hoped therefore , that every gentleman who said he thought inquiry necessary , would evince his sincerity that night , by joining him in voting for the motion of the noble lord . observed with great severity and point upon the manner in which the right hon . gent . had treated the two propositions that had come from that side of the House . The right hon . gent . had said a great deal of their confidence in their own strength , and , of their disappointment on the first night , but he believed that the surprise was with the right hon . gent . at finding himself not in a minority , and the effects of that surprise appeared in the altered manner of the right hon . gent . since . He was now upon his stilts , self-assured , and quite changed from that humble and subdued tone , in which he had on the first night thrown ; himself upon the House , and told them that he must stand by his sovereign , where as now he called upon the House to , stand by him . One gentleman under the gallery , in dealing out his compliments on the present administration , had forgot that he was applying to what is , the encomiums he had intended for what had been . The noble lord alluded to was no longer at the head of the war department ; and notwithstanding that versatile , variety of powers that had enabled lord Liverpool to take the circuit of all the different offices of the state , yet it remained to be