, had been the conduct of the noble lord ? On the contrary , instead of making a direct charge , he had merely contented himself with referring the admiralty board to the log-book of his own ship for information . The board of admiralty therefore in acceding to the wish of the noble lord , for an enquiry into his conduct with respect to the attack on Basque Roads , had done 233 him no more than an act of justice.—No man was more disposed than he was to respect the noble lord ( Cochrane ) for his private virtues and public conduct , but he could not think that the House was bound to throw a slur upon the sentence of the court-martial , by calling for their Minutes in compliment to the opinion of the noble lord who had called for them . Was the House aware of the merits and services of many of the members of the court martial ? Was not sir R. Curtis an old and meritorious officer , who had served his country before the noble lord was born ? Was not sir John Duckworth another gallant officer ? Was not admiral Young an officer of high and distinguished character ? Were not admiral Campbell ( a member of that House ) and all the other admirals and captains of the court-martial , men of high and deserved professional repute ? The opinions of these officers , with all his partiality to his noble friend , he felt himself bound to prefer to those of his noble friend . Yet the noble lord wished the united opinions of so large a body of the officers of the navy to pass for nothing , and that the House of Commons should receive his as the only just opinion . He was sorry to be obliged to say that the noble lord had constrained him to declare , that , having put his character against the majority of his profession , he was bound to adhere to the majority in preference to the noble lord , however highly he estimated his talents , and to vote against his motion . thought the noble lord did wrong in returning any answer to the application of the Admiralty . He ought to have told them that , as a member of the House of Commons , he had no answer whatever to make : and if they had thought the logs inconclusive , why did they not manfully come down and try the question in that House . The hon . gentleman talked of the injustice of trying an officer in that House . Must not the merits of every officer be inquired into when it is proposed to confer on him a Vote of Thanks ? Was he not then on his trial ? Was not this a species of trial to which every officer , before he could receive the high honour of the thanks of parliament necessarily must by exposed ? But , after a court-martial , which ought never to have taken place , had declared lord Gambier to be honourably acquitted , did it follow , as a matter of necessity that they must grant him the thanks of 234 that House ? He presumed that by no means followed . Then what was the situation to which the House was reduced ? The noble lord had committed himself more than he had ever heard man do in that House to prove his statements respecting the conduct of lord Gambier . And now another member had come forward , and said that the noble lord himself ( Cochrane ) had not properly executed the duty entrusted to him , and that if he had done so , he might have done far more injury to the enemy 's ships.ߞThe hon . bart . ( Hamilton ) had said , that , at the time when he ( lord Cochrane ) was in the command , and made signals to the vessels employed under him , some of them obeyed and others disobeyed the instructions they received , and that those who