against which he had directed his victorious arms , and trampled upon the rights and independence of the prostrate nations of Europe ? All this he could attribute to the effect of the liberty of the press alone , and most particularly and emphatically to the unrestrained publication of the debates and proceedings of parliament , It had been asked by his right honourable friend , how such publication could produce any public benefit , or conduce to the well-being or happiness of the nation ? To this he would answer , by shewing to the people the grounds upon which public measures were resorted to , and particularly by convincing them of their necessity ; thus inducing the public to submit with patience to the heaviest burthens that had ever been imposed upon a nation . His right hon . friend had adverted to the state of the country in former times , when the press was bound in fetters , and the terrors of the Court of Star Chamber blighted every germ of freedom.—But he would tell that right honourable gentleman that the publicity given to all public measures , and especially to great measures of finance , in modern times , had been the principal , if not the sole means of reconciling the nation to a weight of taxes , which in these boasted periods of former excellence would neither have been thought of , nor supposed likely to be borne or endured by the country . He was sorry to hear his right hon . friend resorting to a topic , which he must be allowed to denominate the old bugbear , when he found him gravely asserting , that the practice of reporting the proceedings of that House , which had grown up of late , was likely to encourage revolutionary doctrines , or lead to a revolution . Could it for a moment be supposed that the people of this country , possessing the blessings of freedom , and in the enjoyment of all the benefits of their constitution , could , by reading the debates in that House , be induced to get rid of these blessings and that constitution ? Yet , his right hon . friend had thought proper to state , that the freedom of the press , as acted upon in latter times , would , in all probability , reduce this country to the 343 same dreadful state of convulsion and disorder , in which France was involved during the period of her late sanguinary revolution . Was it , he would ask , the liberty of the press that had brought France into that dreadful state of anarchy and ruin , which characterised the revolution ? Was it not , on the contrary , the suppression of all liberty of discussion—the prohibition of all publications not sanctioned by the permission of authority—the prevention of that rational and temperate consideration of public interests and measures , which alone could excite and nourish patriotic feelings and public spirit , that had caused all the mischiefs which had attended that revolution ? What was it that had caused the downfall of all the nations of Europe ? Was it the liberty of the press ? No : It was the want of that salutary controul upon their governments , that animating source of public spirit and national exertion . If the liberty of the press had existed in France before or since the revolution—if it had existed in Austria—if in Prussia—if in Spain , Buonaparté would not now find himself in the situation to dictate to Europe , and filling the throne of nearly an universal monarch.—He did not mean to dwell longer on the speech of his right hon . friend , which he must say he had heard with more regret than any thing that had ever fallen from him , and which even the right hon . gentlemen opposite did not think fit to support . He had now but a few words to add on the speech of the right hon . gent . who had first moved the standing order . The principal argument