for active service until June or July following ? I recollect that according to the reports laid before this House , sir John Moore 's army was represented to have lost in this retreat and the action of Corunna , only about one-sixth of his original force . At least , such was the statement of ministers , and it was also affirmed , that this army brought away all its artillery , all its cavalry , with the exception of the loss of a few horses and some stores . Yet after such a report to parliament , it is now said , that the army whose condition had been so represented could not for six months afterwards be put in a state fit for action.—Is this to be taken as a specimen of the capacity of ministers to recruit an army ; of their ability after reverses to repair the casualties and calamities of war ? I am sorry to draw comparisons between them and the enemy , because those comparisons must be painful , where the result is so unfavourable to one 's own country . But , we can hardly help consisting on this occasion the fate of the army of Soult with that of the army of sir John Moore.—According to the published dispatches , Soult was completely routed in Portugal at the close of May—not a gun was left to him ; no , nor even any baggage to cheer his melancholy retreat ; and whither was he obliged to retreat—into Gallicia , a hostile country , where , so far from looking for aid , he had to calculate upon resistance and embarrassment . Yet this discomfited general did not require six months to recruit his troops and prepare them for action . No , for on the 2d of August , after a circuitous and harrassing march , we find him fully qualified and able to conquer his conqueror , and compel him to a precipitate and sudden retreat . But to recruit an army after defeat , to repair the consequences of military reverses , has uniformly been the characteristic of great commanders , from Frederic the Great down to Buonaparte.—With regard to the next want of the minister , respecting transports , we are told , that it was necessary to wait for the arrival of the transports , from Lisbon , before the troops could he sent to Holland . But why were these transports at Libson ? Was it thought necessary to detain them there for sir Arthur Welles- 168 ley 's army in case it should be defeated and obliged finally to retreat.—In that case , we could not have had any transports to send to Holland , so that our ministers combined their plan with such peculiar judgment and felicity of arrangement that a defeat in Portugal would have prevented the Expedition to Holland . But I would ask why the minister had not a sufficiency of transports ready for any operation that might be deemed necessary ? —Will the House accept the answer or excuse which ministers have made upon this subject ? Would Buonaparté , do you suppose , listen to such an answer from any of his ministers ? —or would any of his ministers attempt to offer such an excuse to him ? Certainly not , because such an excuse is but an aggravation of the misconduct which our ministers intend it to extenuate . It was the duty of ministers to be provided with an ample supply of transports for the public service , and if they did not attend to that duty , it was not admissible in them to plead their neglect as a reason for not sending out an Expedition which , if proper to have been sent out at all , ought to have been sent in due time . I am speaking of what means they had provided , in order to act upon their own plan , and pointed out the inefficacy of these means to their own ends . My remarks apply to their arrangements for the execution of a plan , which plan