course of discussion , which no gentleman , who had a particle of public principle , or any attachment to the liberty of the press , could listen to without protesting against them . He begged of gentlemen not to mistake his motion , which was not by any means to rescind the Order to which it applied , but to have it referred to the committee of privileges , in order to have it ascertained whether any , or what modification of it was necessary . was sorry that he had not had an opportunity of stating the grounds of his vote before the right hon . gent . had proceeded to his reply . The right hon . gent . had asked , whether it was the intention of his Majesty 's ministers to pass this question over in silence , and shelter themselves under the opinions delivered by the right hon . gent . ( Mr . Windham . ) He was ready to admit , that in most of what had fallen from that right hon . gent . he entirely concurred , though he was not prepared to carry his concurrence to the full extent of that right hon . gent . 's opinion , if , as he understood him , it went to the exclusion of strangers altogether from the House . But he thought it necessary , for the dignity of that House , to maintain the privilege , that any member could call for a vote without argument for the exclusion of strangers , whenever such a measure should appear to him to be necessary ; and this was the ground of the vote he should give on this question . , agreeably to the statements contained in his Majesty 's Speech on the first day of the session , presented certain Papers relative to the commercial prosperity of the country , consisting of Accounts of the amount of its Exports and Imports for the last two or three years . The noble earl , in laying these papers upon the table , took the opportunity of giving a general statement of the trade of the country for the three quarters ending the 10th October , 1809 , compared with 346 the corresponding period of preceding years . The accounts of the fourth quarter , ending the 5th of January , he had not yet been able to obtain with sufficient accuracy . With respect to the three quarters ending the 10th October , 1809 , our exports during that period amounted to 39 million . During the corresponding period in 1807 , they were 29 million , and in 1808 , 25 million . In 1806 , which was reckoned a year of the greatest commercial prosperity , they amounted to 36 million . Our imports during the similar period in 1809 were , 22 million ; in 1808 , 17 million ; 1807 , 19 million . After dwelling upon the superior prosperity of our commerce during the last year , his lordship adverted to the arguments which had formerly been used by some noble lords as to the injury which would result to our commerce from our disputes with America , and observed , that the result had shown the fallacy of those arguments ; for though some decrease had taken place in our trade with the United States , our commerce with the other parts of America had greatly increased . Thus instead of our exports to America , amounting to 20 million , including 12 million to the United States , they now amounted to 25 million , including 7 million to the United States . On the subject of cotton wool also , the fears entertained had proved groundless . A considerable supply of that article had been obtained from other parts of America , and might also be procured from the East Indies , two ships having arrived from thence with cotton wool , the produce of which rendered it a profitable speculation to those who imported it . After recapitulating the prosperous state of our American commerce , his lordship defended the firm