national disgrace arising from their misconduct ; an absurd and lamentable waste of the public treasure entrusted to them ; and an useless and most melancholy sacrifice of the lives of our gallant countrymen ? —Even admitting to them , contrary to all experience , and in defiance of all the presages for the future , which could be drawn from the experience of the past , that the system of sending out expeditions under the present circumstances of the country and in the actual state of the war , was right , still will their misconduct only appear the more glaring , in so grossly misapplying the resources of the country , and wasting its efforts in fruitless attempts , where success was either impossible , or if attained could not have altered the fate of 13 the campaign . We were told , my lords , last session , of the vast successes which were to flow from our efforts ; of the impression we were to make upon the continent ; nay , my lords , one noble lord went so far as to talk with an air of confidence of the deliverance of Europe . And how has Europe been delivered ? By a series of unparalleled disasters , by expeditions which , in their conduct and results have exhausted our means without making any impression upon the enemy , and which have rendered us the derision of the whole continent . And yet , my lords , in the speech of the king 's commissioners , ministers have the confidence , the unblushing confidence , to tell us of a victory gained to the country . Are we then arrived at that melancholy situation of our affairs , in which guilded disasters are to be called splendid victories , and the cypress that droops over the tombs of our gallant defenders , whose lives have been uselessly sacrificed , to be denominated blooming laurels ? The noble lord who seconded the Address spoke of a system of policy , in opposition to which the Address gives a pledge of the continuance of the war , upon the system of continental assistance adopted by the present ministers . My Lords , I have often repeated , and must now repeat again , that the true policy of this country , under its present circumstances , is the principle of husbanding our resources , and acting upon a system of home defence . In the early period of the last war , the system of policy which then appeared to be the best , was essentially different . It was undoubtedly then of importance , to endeavour to raise up a determined spirit in Europe capable of meeting and counteracting the power of France . After , however , France had defeated and broken the confederacy against her , the scene of continental co-operation closed , and our force became no longer available to any useful purpose upon the continent . The same causes operated in the present war ; and the late ministers , acting upon the system of policy which they thought the most adviseable , determined to concentrate all the means and resources of the country for the purpose of placing her in a position , in which we might say to France , `` our situation is such , that we are completely defended against any domestic insult , whilst our naval superiority will effectually defeat the execution of your designs against our external interests . '' For this purpose apian was devised , adapted to our 14 financial system , under the operation of which we might have gone on to the end of time , still preserving our commanding attitude , and ever and invariably maintaining our ample means of defence . His Majesty 's present ministers came into office , and then , my Lords , the sysetm was immediately changed . We were then told , in high sounding periods , in the true spirit of an imbecile confidence , of the disgrace sustained in the character of the country by not assisting our allies , and that the