pain , that sentiments should be put into his mouth , and should go down to his constituents , one syllabic of which he had never uttered . Indeed , the difficulty of being accurate was now greatly increased . He did not blame the reporters , it was impossible they could be accurate , when they attempted to give the speeches at such an inordinate and extravagant length as they now were in the habit of doing . He acquitted them of intentionally misrepresenting what they reported , because it was their interest to do it as accurately as they could . He believed , therefore , that for this reason they would not be guilty of wilful misrepresentation , because those newspapers which gave the most accurate reports will have the most purchasers—as to himself , in the little intercourse he had had with the persons having the conduct of newspapers , he had asked but one favour of them , and that was , that they would do him the kindness to let him alone altogether ; but with regard to the public , he thought they had—not a right , for that would be a wrong term to make use of—but something very like a right to know the nature of their proceedings in that House , on great public questions . He believed that it was true , that the state of things had been getting worse and worse for the last 30 years , and all that the public had gained was , the satisfaction of seeing from day to day what were the causes of this constant falling off . When it was considered that now a tenth part was demanded of every man 's income , it must be allowed that this was a thing not thought of 30 years ago ; and it would be too much to say , the public should not be permitted to know why it is , that this constant increase of taxation is pressing upon them ? When large standing armies were maintained in the country , was it too much that the public should know on what grounds they were maintained ? Yet from this little luxury the general enforcement of the Standing Order for the exclusion of strangers must inevitably shut them out . If in a Committee of Privileges therefore any modification of the Order could be hit upon in order to prevent its capricious enforcement , would not such an emenda- 337 tion be highly advantageous ? And this without the least abandonment of the power which every member possessed of clearing strangers from the gallery at any moment whatever , without any reason assigned . The present inquiry was most important to the public . Never had there been more complicated disasters than those which during the last year had be fallen three of the finest armies which Great Britain had ever produced . Was it not fitting that the public should know in what way the House of Commons were carrying on the inquiry into these events ? If , in the noble lord 's allusion to blame that he had incurred for not belonging to a party he had pointed to any former expression of his , the noble lord had entirely misconceived him . For himself , he was a party man ; he thought no good could be done without party ; he was satisfied , that for a member of the House of Commons to come down and to act upon his own principles without reference to concert with others , however theoretically right , was practically erroneous . He did not however asperse those who thought differently ; although he could not help remarking , that the noble lord did not seem to act entirely upon the principle which he professed , but to belong to what might perhaps be termed a third party in the House . supported the motion , and conceived that the Committee of Privileges might easily find out a way of having correct reports published by authority , of whatever passed in that House , without excluding strangers .