address him , he was compelled to add that he could find no just grounds upon which the hon . gent . founded the proposition that he had submitted to the House . declared , that , if the right hon . gent . had not informed the House that he rose to oppose the motion of his hon . friend , and if he had listened to the right hon . gent . 's speech divested of that information , he should have supposed that it was his intention warmly to support it , for there was not a single argument in the whole of the right hon . gent . 's speech , which did not tend to the establishment of his hon . friend 's proposition . The right hon . gent . had told the House , that he did not dispute the right of the House of Commons to address the King upon the subject , but to that confession he subjoined the declaration , that if the House were now to exercise that right , he did not know how his Majesty 's ministers could comply with the terms of the motion unless by searching the King 's private escrutoir . Was this language—was this doctrine for a Secretary of State to his Majesty to hold to a British House of Commons ? Did the right hon . gent . a cabinet minister , not know where to find a paper delivered by the commander in chief of an expedition to his Majesty without searching the King 's private escrutoir ? Did the right hon . gent . think that such a paper was of the nature of a private and confidential communication ? If that were the case , every other general who happened to be a favourite , may at any time go up to the King , and privately put into his hand statements tending to prejudice and poison his royal mind against the most brave and meritorious officers , who by this secret proceeding might have their characters most foully calumniated without the least notice or suspicion , and therefore without a possibility of defending themselves . How galling must it be to the feelings of any distinguished officer , to suppose that charges and imputations against him might be poured in secret into the ear of his Sovereign , and the royal mind be thus prejudiced against him ? It would be subversive of every principle of justice , or of the constitution , that such papers , placed in the hands of the Sovereign by a minister , should be 566 conceived private and confidential papers , which the House could not call for . The right hon . Secretary had been most bountiful in allowing that the House had a right to present such an Address as that proposed , if they thought proper ; but he said , that in the exercise of this right the House must be governed by its discretion . Now , he would wish to ask that right hon . Secretary whether , according to his ideas of discretion , he thought it was discreet to allow every commander in chief the power of putting what reports he pleased into the hands of his Majesty , without leaving the House of Commons the power of exercising their right ( which the right hon . Secretary allowed they possessed ) of praying his Majesty to grant them copies of such Reports ? Of all the mischiefs which could flow from the access which lord Chatham 's situation as a peer and privy counsellor would give him to his Majesty , the greatest evil would be , that of his being allowed to pour into the royal ear whatever charges he thought proper , against meritorious officers ; whilst the House of Commons , when solemnly engaged in inquiry upon this Expedition , should be told that they must not be informed what those reports or documents contained , which the right hon . Secretary was pleased to describe as private and confidential papers , merely because they had not been sent (