bounden duty to have brought forward , myself , charges against lord Gambier , if I thought his conduct censurable.—I must tell that hon . gent. , that I adopted the mode that , under such circumstances it was my duty to adopt . I did not presume to frame charges founded on my own opinion , of the transactions that had passed in Basque roads.—I did not deliver charges : but when I found that a vote of thanks was to be pressed on this House , 236 I felt myself called upon to refer their lordships to the log books and minutes of signals , where they would find reasons , why a vote of thanks should not be granted to the commander in chief , and their lordships found them , in these official documents , which are received , as evidence , in all courts of law . These , Sir , I had no power to falsify , and to these I referred , not with a wish maliciously to criminate , but to save this House , and my country , from what I felt would be a disgrace . As this book has been used ( Guerney 's Minutes ) I shall , if permitted , read the opinion of the lords commissioners of the Admiralty , founded , I suppose , on mature deliberation . `` And whereas by the log books and minutes of signals of the Caledonia , Imperieuse , and other ships employed on that service , it appears to us , that the said admiral lord Gambier , on the 12th day of the said month of April , the enemy 's ships being then on shore , and the signal having been made that they could be destroyed , did , for a considerable time , neglect or delay taking effectual measures for destroying them : We therefore in compliance with his lordship 's request , and in consequence of what appears in the said log books and minutes of signals , think fit that a Court Martial shall be assembled for the purpose of examining into his lordship 's conduct , and trying him for the same . '' Such was the charge brought against his lordship by the board of admiralty , after investigating the log books of the Caledonia and of the fleet . No individual had the power to mislead their lordships ; and this I submit to the House was the fair and honourable mode to proceed . It was regular , and not liable to be affected by prejudice or my opinions.—I had another reason for this line of conduct ; I did not chase to oppress my mind with responsibility : I believe admiral Byng was called to an account not by an individual but by his country . I trust , Sir , this explanation will be satisfactory to the House , and to the hon . gent . who chose to reprobate my conduct . I have now a word or two to say to the naval member opposite , who has spoken of forming logs for the purpose of evidence . When he throws out insinuations , or rather accusations such as these , it would be but honourable in him , and justice demands that he should state the difference , which was detected in these logs . Lord Gambier , who was pretty much alive to detect errors , did point out 237 `` that in one , the signal made , was that half the fleet could destroy '' the enemy , and in the other , that it stood , `` part of the fleet can destroy the enemy . '' What Sir , is the mighty difference between part and the half , a part may be either more or less , or exactly the half of the fleet . Is this the error which the hon . gent . has spoken of , or is it the circumstance of my hailing the Indefatigable which is not noticed in one , but inserted in the other . That , Sir , was