take his seat with the proudest peer in the other House , or whether they would send him there with the avowed intention that it was only to the crown he was to look for support . It was their duty to take care if the crown made a peer , that it should not make a generation of peers wholly dependent on its favours for their support . If the war was to be prosecuted , we had a proud assurance in the talents and services of lord Wellington , and the bravery of our armies , that we were competent to contend with the enemy on his own element ; if peace were to be established , we should come out of the war with the consciousness of having obtained not a partial triumph , as it was said , bat complete and unqualified glory . then rose to make his promised motion on the state of the prisons and on the prison laws of Ireland . He observed that the report of the commissioners who had been appointed to investigate this subject , sufficiently shewed the lamentable state of the prisons in Dublin . It was shocking to humanity , that the evils detailed in that report had so long been permitted to exist without any steps having been taken to remove them . A considerable part of those evils originated in the crouded state of the prisons ; a circumstance which arose from the accumulation in them of persons sentenced to transportation , but whom it had been found impossible to send to Botany Bay . By the correspondence just laid upon the table , it would however appear , that since the report to which he alluded had been made , the condition of the prisoners had been considerably ameliorated . The prison laws of Ireland were contained in 14 acts of parliament . It had been thought advisable to compress these into one . The subject had been referred to the consideration of the great law officers , and particularly to the Chief Justice of the Kings Bench , in Dublin , who was at present engaged in digesting a system of prison law , for the purpose of its being introduced into the bill , which he hoped the House would allow him to bring in . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the laws respecting prisons in Ireland , for the purpose of reenacting several of them , with amendments . seconded the motion . had intended to take up the subject , but he was glad that it would now be done more effectually : particularly as the chief justice had made the digest , that eminent individual being no less distinguished for his humanity than his legal knowledge . A penitentiary for prisoners merely he approved ; but , he hoped , it was not intended as a prelude to the establishment there of the poor laws of England , than which nothing could be more injurious to all ranks of people in 469 Ireland . Leave was then given to bring in the bill . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for several papers , with a view to expose abuses prevalent in the Admiralty Court . The proposition he was about to submit would be found worthy of the most serious attention of the House . Had the navy alone been concerned , he believed he should not have obtruded himself upon the House , as he might be considered as a person interested . The habits of his life would have prevented him from coming forward , except in cases where , he thought , the interests of his country were deeply involved ; as there were many others more acquainted with the mode of conducting business in that House , to whom ordinary subjects might be left . But there were cases in which it was the duly of every man to come forward , and such a case he conceived the present to be . The interests , the dearest interests of his country , he