right hon . gent . had opened would be an enquiry only of jealousy ; but they would not attempt , he trusted , to bestow censure , or attach disgrace beyond the transactions of last year . It was not his intention to make any invidious comparisons , but in the military and naval strength of the country much improvement , it would be allowed , had lately taken place . The Baltic was at this moment in our possession . The Brest fleet had been nearly annihilated , and the fleet of the Tagus had been brought into our ports ; and he would ask if Spain would have discovered that spirit of resistance and enthusiasm against the common enemy , had she not been conscious of acting in conjunction with this country ? Amid the great political misfortunes , which presented themselves around us , was not this country in a state not only of safety , but of unexampled prosperity ? With all our power and prosperity , however , this was not , comparatively speaking , a military country . We could not go to the continent as we did to sea . Our military efforts being directed towards the continent , must depend in a great measure on the results of the efforts and engagements of 77 other powers , to whom we could only be auxiliary ; but whatever might be the result of the campaign in Spain , or whatever might have been the issue of the struggle maintained by Austria , the military glory of this country , it must be admitted , had been much promoted . The principles on which the campaign in Spain , as the right hon . gent . called it , but which should more properly be called the campaign of Portugal , had been conducted , were far different from those on which the antecedent Spanish campaign had been undertaken . The operations of the late campaign were particularly connected with the security of Portugal . Lord Wellington had certainly intrusted to him a discretionary power , and that power he contended his lordship had most judiciously exercised . Had he not advanced to Talavera he must have inevitably disgraced himself and the British arms . Lord Wellington , it had been said , had 38,000 men , but the truth was that he had not more than 24,000 . In tact in the battle at Talavera lord Wellington had but 20,000 British troops . He regretted that the military character of the country should be thus sacrificed to party politics , and pointed out the pernicious tendency of such mistaken statements . He contended that never had a greater victory been achieved than that at Talavera , though the army was afterwards obliged to retire before a greatly superior force.—The delay in fitting out the expedition to Walcheren had been complained of , but the means were , wanting to move it sooner , the transports not having arrived from Portugal till the 5th of July . It was said the expedition had not been directed to the most favourable object ; but great as the resources of this country were , there was a limit abroad beyond which we could not go . It was impossible to send it to the North of Spain without having the means of maintaining it there . Gentlemen had asked , why the army of sir John Moore was not employed immediately on its return on that service ? It had been said , too , that the different regiments were ready , and could have been embarked immediately ; but by the time the regiments had been recruited and were reported fit for service , the Expedition to Portugal had reached its destination , as it was not till the 10th of June that they were reported to be fit for service . The delay complained of in transporting the cavalry it was impossible 78 to avoid , as , though the transports were ordered from Portugal in May , they did not arrive till the 12th of July , after the infantry were embarked