expenditure of the year that was past ? The gallery was then cleared for a division . The numbers were , for the Amendment 54 ; against it 95 ; Majority 41. , adverting to the circumstance of the reception into British pay of a number of Foreigh Troops that had arrived in this country under the command of the duke of Brunswick Oels , wished to know if it was the intention of ministers to advise his Majesty to make any communication to the House on the subject ? replied in the negative ; unless , indeed , he might receive his Majesty 's commands to make some communication relative to the gallant leader of these troops . Such a communication as that alluded to by the noble Lord was unnecessary ; for it was perfectly consistent with the existing laws that a certain number of Foreign Troops should be in British pay , and that number had not been exceeded by the accession of the Troops under the duke of Brunswick . If , however , it had been exceeded , under the peculiar circumstances in which those brave soldiers arrived , such a step would , in his opinion , have been completely justifiable ; although in that case he should certainly have thought it his duty to advise a communication to Parliament on the subject . rose , and addressed the House , to the following purport : —My Lords ; In pursuance of the notice I gave , I now rise for the purpose of moving , That the Thanks of this House be given to lord viscount Wellington , the officers and the army under his command , for the skill and ability , the valour and bravery by which they obtained a victory over the enemy at Talavera . When , my lords , I first proposed to bring this question under your consideration , I fully expected that it would have met with unanimous approbation ; but since I have been led to believe , from what has fallen from noble lords opposite , that this motion of thanks will encounter some degree of opposition , I never , in the whole course of my life , felt more interested in any question both on private and on public grounds . I have in framing my motion on this occasion pursued the usual course , and with a view to conciliation , have separated the conduct of the army , and the officer commanding , from every other subject connected with the general management of the campaign . It has been my care to propose the vote of your lordships thanks in that shape which , if possible , could have no disputable point of objection , and therefore it is that it is confined simply to the battle of Talavera . Whatever opinion may be entertained respecting the measures which led to the battle itself , or the consequences that ensued , there can be , lam persuaded , but one sentiment as to the skill of the general and the valour of the army that fought and defeated the French at Talavera . I believe that on any former occasions , it was never deemed necessary to blend the other circumstances of any campaign with the consideration of the valour of the troops displayed in a particular action.—The instance alluded to last night by my noble friend ( Harrowby ) when your lordships were called upon to confer a vote of thanks upon sir John Stuart and the army under his command , for the glorious victory gained at Maida , must be well remembered . It must be in your lordships ' recollection , that when a noble baron , in this house , and another of his Majesty 's ministers , in another place , moved a similar tribute of approbation of their conduct , whatever difference of sentiment might exist , as to the measures which led to that event , such was the brilliancy of the act itself , such was the glory gained by British intrepidity and valour on the occasion , that without investigating