considered as most materially involved in the event of the proposition he was about to bring forward . If the papers he intended to move for should be granted he would expose a system of abuse unparalleled in this country , beyond any thing that existed in Spain , under the administration of the Prince of Peace . Whether the subject was considered with a view to the saving of the sums of which the public was pilfered ; or with a view to the better performance of the duty : whether with a view to the destruction of the commerce carried on to so large an extent on the enemy 's coast ; or with a view to the encouragement and security of our own trade : whether with a view to the termination of the war by distressing the enemy ; or to the terms on which we should be enabled to conclude a peace . In all these points of view this was a matter of primary importance ; for in all these repects were the abuses of the Admiralty of the most injurious description . His lordship complained heavily of the monopoly of practice , which was in itself a principal abuse , and the cause of others , and maintained , that an immense saving might be produced by the correction of this and other abuses in the Admiralty Court . There were other minor abuses , which called for the attention of the House , by which the seamen of Greenwich Hospital were defrauded of their just claims . The droits of the Admiralty had been sometimes compromised for comparatively 470 small sums ; and he mentioned an instance in which 32,000l . was given up in this way to a person at Liverpool , for 1,053l . This must have been by open injustice , or by favouritism ; for he did not know of any law which authorised the Admiralty to compromise in this manner , where the interests of Greenwich Hospital and the captors were concerned . There was another abuse , which called loudly for a remedy . The captors were absolutely compelled to pay sums for the condemnation of vessels . This was the way in which they were often rewarded for their vigilance and valour . These things might be denied by the gentlemen on the other side , but they could not be disproved . He promised to prove them true , if the documents should be granted . It was not by denials of this kind , that these things were to be got over . Every man in that House was bound to decide upon his own judgment , and not on that of another ; and he saw no reason to believe that there would be any more difficulty in counting the ayes and noes , if every one were to decide for himself , than there would be if gentlemen were to follow a leader . Could it be considered as at all consistent with common justice , that the whole navy of England should be obliged to employ a single individual to carry on its business before the Admiralty Court ? A person , perhaps , in whose competency they might have no confidence ; but allowing ability and integrity to be unquestionable , still the thing was preposterous . How would the gentleman on one side like to be obliged to employ an attorney , who , at the same time did business for the other side ? Was this consistent with equity or common sense ? The personal liberty of the officers of the navy were answerable for some seizures , the produce of which went , notwithstanding , to the crown , and the most abominable compromises sometimes took place . Whether the profits of these compromises found their way into the pockets of any particular individual , he was not absolutely sure , but he thought he had evidence to shew this to be the fact . He could not conceive what could be the design of confining the captors to one proctor , except that the secrecy