it shall be my study to maintain its consequence in the public estimation , as well as my anxious ambition to do my duty with fidelity . When I exhort you to comply , with the wishes of the country in this instance , I am certain I consult the best means of supporting your consequence . I say again , that the expectations of the public look to us , and let me hope that they do not look in vain . If by your conduct on this occasion you should disappoint their expectations , you ought not to be surprised if those who wish to degrade you should find their wishes completely gratified . If you desire to be the champions of your King and country—if you desire to be the champions of your own character , it behoves you to consider the nature of the present , occasion , and the consequences of disregarding the universal wish of that country which at present hopes , which won Id be willing to confide in you . But if you disappoint your constituents you may cease to be respected ; you may be as little depended upon as the ministers you support by your votes . You can not , believe me , impart strength to their weakness , but you may become sharers in their disgrace , involving your country and yourselves in their downfall . Let me hope that you will not only revolt at such a course of proceeding , but that consulting your own character and interest you will contribute by your vote this night to maintain the security and honour of England , and to revive the expiring spark which may yet serve to animate the hopes of a distressed people.—As I am among those who think that our country , if wisely governed , is in possession of ample means still to repel and overcome all the difficulty and danger by which it is menaced , I look for your vote with peculiar eagerness , as a means of contributing to the introduction of that wise system of government.—With respect to my motion for the appointment of a Committee to inquire into the policy and conduct of the late Expedition to Walcheren , I shall not mention a time for the sitting of that Committee , until I learn from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , when he thinks he will be able to lay before this House the promised documents upon this sub- 174 ject . I shall now conclude with moving `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the policy and conduct of the late Expedition to the Scheldt . '' in seconding the motion of his noble friend , wished to take that opportunity of making a few observations upon the conduct of the Expedition , which appeared to him remarkable only for ignorance , imbecility and mismanagement . The first instance of neglect that struck him , on perusing the papers on the table , was the deficiency of means to carry into effect the attack upon Cadsand , there having been provided no more boats than would be sufficient to land 600 troops , and that at a time when 2,000 men were drawn up on the beach ; so that it appeared , that there had been transports provided by the wise planners of the Expedition without boats , and soldiers sent without provisions . The consequence was , that though the batteries had commenced on the 5th , the enemy had been able , without molestation to throw a body of 3 or 4,000 men into Flushing across the Scheldt , before the communication with Cadsand was cut off . Upon the 15th of August , Flushing capitulated , but between the 15th and 24th , when the head quarters were established at Bathz , he lost sight of the commander in chief . There was no evidence of any active exertion , or indeed , of any adequate preparation for the accomplishment of the ulterior objects of the Expedition during that most important and critical period . He begged