to an enlarged and generous spirit ; to every just feeling , and sound principle of national interests , to impart the blessings of the free institutions of a free government to the inhabitants of a country so long oppressed and disgraced by the greatest tyranny , that had ever existed in any nation of Europe . In adverting to this state of the Portuguese nation , he did not mean to undervalue the services or the character of the Portuguese soldiery , whom he considered as possessing qualities capable of being made useful , though he could never admit that they would form a force competent to the defence of that kingdom . In the comments , which he felt it his duty to make upon the measures and conduct of his Majesty 's ministers respecting Portugal , it was by no means his intention to speak against any particular individual who , not being present , could not have an opportunity of answering for himself . He should , therefore , not mention the name , not make any remark upon the conduct of the person who had been sent out on that occasion , and who still continued his Majesty 's minister in Portugal . He had known that individual , and though he entertained a sincere respect for him , he did not think that he was the most proper person to have been selected and sent out on such a mission , He considered it wrong in his Majesty 's ministers to have employed that gentleman upon that occasion . But if he disapproved of that appointment in the first instance , he was much more disposed to disapprove of the manner in which the affairs of Portugal had been conducted or influenced since he had gone upon this mission , instead of giving to Portugal the advantage of a free government , instead of employing the British army in giving countenance and protection to such a system of civil liberty and national amelioration , that force had been employed in obliging the Portuguese people to submit to that odious and detestable form of government that was peculiarly and habitually obnoxious to them . Could their lordships , then be surprised that Portugal was at present in a state little better than when it was occupied by the French troops ? Was it not the only object of astonishment and indignation , that nothing had been done to improve its condition ; that no means had been taken to bestow upon that nation the blessings of a free constitution ; 518 that no efficient measures had been devised to promote the object so much desired and so strongly recommended by his noble friend , that of providing adequately for he immediate defence and ultimate security of Portugal ? But , upon this head , he must refer to the papers upon the table : papers , which many of their lordships might possibly not have read , nor consequently be acquainted with , but which it would be necessary to consult , before they could come to any just decision upon the question under consideration . Those papers , he must observe , were few in number . The first was a dispatch from Mr. Secretary Canning to Mr. Villiers , dated November 22 , 1808 . In this dispatch , that right hon . gent . called the attention of Mr. Villiers to the means of organizing a Portuguese force to co-operate with the British army in the defence of Portugal . He should not occupy their lordships ' time by reading the particular words . Their lordships would however recollect , that it was some time in the spring of that year , that the spirit of resistance to the French usurpation had broken out in Spain ; they would also recollect the time when the British army landed in Portugal ; and they would then , bear in mind that it was not till the 22d of November that the secretary of state called the attention of Mr. Villiers to the means of organizing a native force in Portugal . But after