nation , and the interests of all those connected with it , by placing the whole foreign trade in the hands of men , possessed of large capital , enjoying an unblemished reputation , and distinguished for high mercantile knowledge , might be urged as unanswerable reasons in favour of this new system . If any poor individual who was not taken under the shadow of the wing of one of these great companies , presumed to complain , he might be told , as the insurance brokers and individual underwriters are now told , that more commerce than ever would be brought to this country by this wonderful improvement , and that it was impossible his interests could suffer by a measure so fraught with public good . Unfortunately for such reasoning , but , happily for us , if we are wise enough to profit by experience , this experiment has already been tried , and the result stands recorded in history : for Mr. Hume tells us , that , during the reign of James I. in consequence of similar incorporations , `` the trade of this kingdom was brought into great decay , being put into the hands of a few rapacious engrossers . '' Let us then guard against the beginning of these evils by discountenancing the present project . It is by the competition of individual exertions , that Great Britain has risen to her present unexampled height of commercial prosperity ; and in proportion as that system is exchanged for a system of monopolizing combination , that prosperity will again decline.—Not merely the interest , but , the moral character of the nation , is at stake upon the issue of this measure . The great æra of these incorporated companies was the year 1720 , when the spirit of adventure in speculations of this sort inflamed the minds of the people to such a degree , that all sober industry and patient application were despised , and every man was intent upon making his fortune in a moment , by encaging in some of these undertakings . Not merchants alone , but many of the most ancient and noble families in this kingdom , as we read in the history of those times , were totally ruined by this 420 epidemical madness . I shall not repeat the history of the South Sea Company , and twenty other companies , which rose like bubbles and like bubbles burst , to the great emolument of the first projectors , and the ruin of the infatuated public , who purchased shares in them at a most enormous advance . More to my purpose is the history of the marine insurance companies , which were established at that very period . I find , in reading the records of those days , that in July , 1720 , a very few months after the Loudon Assurance Company received its charter , and before any considerable profits could possibly have been realized , the stock , on which only ten per cent . was paid , rose to 120 , and even to 160—sixteen times the capital . That in the month of October in the same year , a hurricane , which destroyed part of the home-ward-bound Jamaica fleet , reduced their stock to sixty per cent . ; and that other losses happening soon afterwards , it fell before the end of the year to 15 , and even 12 per cent . The historian adds , that for years afterwards nothing more was heard of this Company except in the perpetual complaints of the proprietors , that they were cheated by the directors ; and yet , Sir , this Company , like the intended New Marine Insurance Company , was first set on foot , by honourable men , lords and members of parliament . Even our prudent neighbours , the Dutch , were infected by the same mania ; and with precisely the same result . A marine insurance company was established in 1720 , at Rotterdam , and their actions or shares soon rose to 1,000 percent . The shares