was the first time for four years that the subject had been before the House , he thought that some notice should be given to printers , that they may not err in the same way again . was not shaken by what he had heard as to his original opinion . On the contrary , what had fallen from his right hon . friend rather confirmed him in that opinion . If the practice had been going on for a length of time , it was necessary to take measures to put a check upon it . He was inclined to be as little severe as possible , but some punishment must be inflicted . He was sure it was not the intention of his hon . friend , to give countenance to such a practice , though it would obviously have that effect . If the persons who committed such offences should find that there were gentlemen in that House to protect them , they would be encouraged to proceed . To keep the man in custody for the advantage of his evidence , was no more than was done uniformly in case of 499 a witness who was particeps criminis . He should therefore concur in the vote for committing the party to custody . congratulated the right hon . gentleman on the recovery of his animation in argument and debate . He had risen from that languor and chastened tone , which he had hitherto employed in discussing the most important political questions ; but perhaps he had now found a subject more to his mind . The only question now to be considered was , what was the extent of the offence , and what should be the measure of punishment ? He was of opinion that the more lenient the punishment , the more suitable it would be to the dignity of the house . said , the question simply was , whether the punishment should be severe or lenient . He thought this printer had shewn every mark of contrition : and he begged the House to recollect , that printers had of late years been obliged to sign their own accusation in the first instance , by giving their name and address at the end of every thing they print . It had therefore been held , in the courts of law , that where a printer willingly gave up his employer , the author , the most lenient punishment should be inflicted . On this ground , as well as from the printer 's whole behaviour while before the House , he should vote for his being now reprimanded and discharged . proposed , that he should be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms for an hour . The question on the amendment was then put and negatived : and afterwards the original motion , `` that the said John Dean be committed to the custody of the serjeant at arms , '' was agreed to , and Mr. John Gale Jones was ordered to attend to-morrow . moved the order of the day for the second reading of this bill . opposed it , on the ground that the same reasons did not exist now as did when the bill was first brought in . The situation of the West India merchants was much changed ; and as the ground was altered , they should shew new reasons for the bill . The average prices of corn , except wheat , were lower now than in 1808. said , that if the importation of corn had not taken place , the quartern loaf would now have been at 2s . ; and that not only bread , but beer would have been raised very considerably . was for continuing the prohibition , as he considered the average price of all manner of corn , taken together , as greater than what it was in 1808 . As his property was entirely in land , it could not be supposed his wish to sacrifice his interest to those of the West India merchants . He thought , however