, if not an oracle , to the profession to which he had belonged , had , he knew , highly disapproved of reversions , as had lord Coke . But still , their authority was not to be decisive of the question . He acknowledged that he wished to be cautious how he meddled with a system , which had been the practice of the constitution for three centuries . Still he did not go the length of saying , that no good could be done by a judicious regulation—by curtailing the profits of some offices liable to be granted in reversion—and , perhaps , by abolishing others . But such regulation could only take place upon a due and deliberate inquiry ; and it would not become their lordships to legislate upon the subject without the opportunity of making such inquiry and having the whole matter before them . But he believed it impossible that the result of any inquiry ought to induce them to go the length of this bill . Whatever might be said about his being averse to innovation , he could not consent to legislate in the dark . The argument as to the fitness or unfitness of persons for the performance of the duties of such places , would operate against offices in possession ; and he maintained that the mischief of giving an office in possession improperly , was a much greater mischief than giving one in reversion , because there were many chances against its ever coming into possession . His lordship said , that whatever might be thought , he was not averse to reform in every thing , though he was always averse to a reform which he did not understand . He did not exactly see the length to which this measure might be carried . He must have the whole subject before him , and could not agree to advance step by step till he found that he had acceded to an innovation , to 9-10ths-of which he would have been averse , if he had had the whole subject before him at first . He himself had procured three or four reversions for his family , without the smallest conception that he was doing any 599 thing wrong . He wished that the public should know this ; but , however , the whole of these offices were not of sufficient value to make the reversionists very uneasy . Former chancellors had , done the same thing , without thinking that they had done any thing improper . His lordship concluded by observing , that it was impossible for him to assent to a bill of this sweeping nature . Any measure of general regulation , he would , however , examine with the utmost care and impartiality , and give it his support , as far as he could consistently with his public duty and his conscience . He did not think it necessary to say any thing upon the question , as to the influence of the Crown observed , that he did not think that the antiquity of any abuse was a reason for supporting it . If the practice of granting reversions had continued for 300 years , it ought to be recollected , that it had in the course of that time been severely censured by many eminent men . His lordship then adverted to a pamphlet which had lately appeared on the subject of economy , and the influence of the crown , and remarked , that the perusal had an effect upon him exactly the reverse of what was intended to ; be produced . Considering the ample means of information possessed by its author ( Mr. Rose ) , he was only surprised that it proved so little . He objected to reversions as having a tendency to generate sinecures , and the augmentation of sinecures produced new reversions in an endless circle . This measure was a real and proper reform , which he most cordially approved . As to the question of parliamentary reform , he certainly could not by any means go the length that