were competent judges , that there was not living a more perfect soldier than lord Wellington . That gallant officer , he was assured , was as forward to share the fatigues as he was the dangers of the troops under his command . His comprehensive mind embraced every department of the army under his command . He was truly the soldiers , friend . He attended to their comforts ; he provided for their necessities , and he gained their confidence without forfeiting the esteem of the officers . , in explanation , declared , that he would never accept of a subordinate office , ( A loud laugh ! ) A subordinate office , he would repeat , or any office under any administration , the principles and conduct of which he could not fully approve ; a prospect which he thought very remote indeed . had as high an opinion of the valour of lord Wellington , as any 465 other gentleman in that House ; but he could not perceive how the battle of Talavera could be brought in competition with the great and glorious achievements obtained by lord Nelson and sir Ralph Abercromby . If the House did agree to the present question , he trusted they would bear in their consideration the death of gen. M'Kenzie , who fell in the battle of Talavera . He had hoped that the name of this great and meritorious officer would have been mentioned by some of the hon . gentlemen who had spoken before him . He had not brothers in the cabinet , and was forgotten ; he was a soldier , without fortune , who had raised himself to the rank he held by merit . If the House were so lavish of their money , why not take into consideration the services of this brave and esteemed officer ? He would take another opportunity of bringing the merits and claims of the relatives of this deceased meritorious officer before the House . He concluded by saying , that the proposition before the Committee should have his negative . said , that this was a question that was not identified with that which they had before under discussion , that of the thanks of the House to lord Wellington . It did not follow that those who approved of honours being paid to lord Wellington , should agree with the present proposition . He was not one of those who thought they should . He was convinced of the merit of the noble general , and those that wished to detract from it , had nothing to oppose against it , but uncertain demerit . The early part of his campaign was marked with great merit . It was an able and excellent arrangement to attack Soult , and from which that general could not have escaped , if it had not been by accident , and that of a nature lord Wellington could not have foreseen . Marshal Beresford was dispatched , with an efficient force , by a circuitous route , to attack Soult in the rear , which would have effectually cut off his whole army ; if it was not also for an accident that could not be foreseen , by the standing of a bridge , which lord Wellington had reason to believe was destroyed . Capt . Ward , an officer distinguished for his services , and who had a perfect knowledge of the Portuguese language , having relatives and friends natives of that country , was sent forward for the purpose ; but , when he reached there , the magistrates and populace would not allow him to 466 carry his orders into execution , and this officer , placed in a wood , had the mortification to see Marshal Soult retreating across the bridge he intended to destroy ; lord Wellington , surely , could not be answerable for the conduct of the Portuguese magistrates , or the populace . Was it not a victory to oblige a separate corps to retreat , and prevent them from joining and combining with the main army of Spain