repaired in a month.—As to the glorious victory of Talavera , as it had been called , there was a glory of the soldier , and a glory of the general . The glory of the soldier was patience under privation and fatigue—discipline and courage . This glory had , indeed , been displayed in all its lustre at Talavera ; but although he admired the talents of lord Wellington , he did not think that he had acted , in the advance into Spain , the part of a wise general . Before 126 he advanced he ought to have ascertained what was the strength of his ally and what the position of the enemy . He beat the French ; but then he was compelled to retreat , as if he had been beaten . Barren laurels indeed ! Why , this was the essence of laurel—laurel water , which was a poison—The hon . baronet then adverted to the disgraceful manner in which the high offices of the state had been bandied about . He likewise pointedly adverted to the abuse of the term loyalty . He allowed the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) loyalty , and he considered loyalty as a very high virtue ; but he could not allow the right hon . gent . to be the sole possessor of loyalty . He contended that nothing could be more injurious to his Majesty , than the manner in which the word loyalty had on many occasions been prostituted . No one had a right to identify himself and his party with the King . It was equally injurious to the King , and inconsistent with the constitution . The hon . baronet then strongly pressed the necessity of removing the present ministry , which he declared he did without the smallest interested motive ; for every one knew that he was of no party , and would willingly have supported the ministers if they had been such as the present times required . He then recommended a rigid attention to economy ; which , though it might give but little relief from the pressure of taxation , would at least induce the people to bear their unavoidable burdens with more patience . He also expressed his regret , that the hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) had disturbed the ashes of a late great minister . He firmly believed it was to him that he owed his being there , and that he had an acre of ground of his own on which he could set his foot . He concluded by again urging the necessity of removal and inquiry ; and said , that these were the sentiments , if not of an able , at least of an honest man . , adverting to the Walcheren Expedition , observed , that there was not a sufficient number of craft to bring the necessary number of troops at once against the enemy . This demanded inquiry . The damage done to Flushing , he said , might be repaired in a short time . He explained , that the reasons why he had on a former night , made some observations on the conduct of the officer commanding our army in Spain , were these—First , because ministers had declared that the advance to Spain was 127 purely his own act , done in the exercise of his discretion ; Secondly , because , in these cases , he perceived in ministers a disposition uniformly to refuse inquiry . He appealed to the House , whether , when the merit of an officer had passed the ordeal of examination , there ever was a more generous public than that of this country , or more disposed to do its officers full justice ? As a proof of this , he desired gentlemen to look at the cases of Marlborough , & c. & c. The merit of lord Wellington was still equivocal . He asked why , in cases of failure , the merits of the officer should not be inquired into as a matter of course