opinion , that the names of the Committee should be the same as last session , unless some reason could be assigned for removing any of them . But his hon . friend appeared to wish to have the Committee all his own way . This was not a political or a party question . As persons on the same side may differ as to the means of carrying a common object into effect , he could see no inconvenience that would arise from appointing persons of different opinions upon the Committee . , in explanation , staled , that he had never arrogated to himself the right of dictating to the committee ; nor thought of nominating those only who would agree with him , upon it . It was impossible for any gentleman to look at the list he proposed , and assert , that the gentlemen upon it were persons who would submit to receive his dictation . was of opinion that the Committee had not hitherto done its duty , in not bringing forward a measure for the abolition of the three sinecure places which they had already brought forward . He hoped they would yet do their duly , and that every honest man of every party would support him in the general motion on this subject , which he should , have to bring forward in a few days . He thought the best mode of adjusting the list would be , for the honourable mover and the Chancellor of the Exchequer to take man and man each . freed the hon . gent . from any idea of wishing to controul the Committee while he was chairman of it . He did not expect much from the Committee as it was last constituted ; and he thought that after three years had elapsed from its first appointment , it was time some of the recommendations of the Committee should at last be carried into effect . contended for the right of naming the Committee still being in his right hon . friend , out of whose hands the hon . gent . had attempted to lake it . To pass by the gentlemen of the last Committee , would be condemning 265 them without any other proof than the hare assertion of the hon . gentleman . expressed his readiness to defend himself and the other members of the last Committee from any charge that might be made against them . explained that no charge was made , except the impossibility of his hon . friend 's supposing that they could act cordially together after several of them had shewn a disposition to withdraw themselves . The question was then put , when the names of Mr. Bankes , Mr. H. Thornton , and Mr. Biddulph were agreed to without opposition . Mr. Bankes then proposed the name of Mr. S. Bourne . said , fortunately there was no man for whom he had a more sincere friendship than for the gentleman now named . It could not be supposed , therefore , that he opposed his name standing on the list for any other reason than because he was not one of the last committee.—He proposed that instead of the name of Mr. S. Bourne , there be inserted the name of Mr. Hawkins Brown . The House divided on the question , that Mr. Sturges Bourne be one of the Committee . Ayes 107 ; Noes 98 ; Majority 9 . Strangers were not again admitted into the gallery , but two further divisions took place which were understood to have been as follows : Mr. Bankes proposed Mr. Cavendish . The Chancellor of the Exchequer moved as an amendment , that the name of Mr. Leycester be substituted instead of that or Mr. Cavendish . The House divided on the question , that Mr. Cavendish be one of the Committee . Ayes 108 ; Noes 103 ; Majority 5 . Mr. Bankes then proposed Alderman Combe , upon which the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved an amendment , that Mr. Dermis Brown be substituted . The House divided on the