smallest aid , but which still forms a convenient excuse for all the blunders of the year . Now , Sir , considering the Expedition with a view to its primary object , the whole argument appears to me to lie within a very narrow compass . It failed with every possible circumstance of disgrace , and therefore the question for us to consider is , whether the failure was owing to the plan or the execution . Now , in the first place , we may assume that no blame is to be imputed to the individual upon whom the execution of it principally depended , that is , to Lord Chatham . At any rate , whatever opinion may be entertained by others , the ministers can only argue the case upon the supposition of his being quite blameless . For if he is not , why is he allowed to continue a member of the cabinet , and in a situation which entitles him to be considered as the King 's principal military adviser ; in which he may advise him to send out more such Expeditions , and to give him the command of them . We have also pretty good reason to think , that no misconduct can be imputed to any of the other officers , who were entrusted with the conduct of the Expedition . If they were to blame , why has not a court of enquiry been instituted , or why have they not been brought to a court martial , according to the usual practice upon such occasions , and as common sense and common justice required . It is not to be supposed that if government had seen a chance of shifting the blame upon the army or navy , they would have been restrained by delicacy towards either branch of the ser- 52 vice , from freeing themselves of a charge which must prove so fatal to their character . There is no way in which their conduct can be accounted for , except by a consciousness that the failure of the enterprize was a necessary consequence of its intrinsic absurdity , and that an enquiry could only serve to fix the whole blame more clearly upon themselves , and to deprive them of the benefit of that ambiguity which still hangs over the transaction . No man can be credulous enough to believe that , if , in their opinion , the result of an enquiry would have been to shew the reasonableness and practicability of the original plan at the expence of Lord Chatham or Sir Richard Strachan or any other individual , they would have rejected that mode of proceeding , and preferred presenting themselves before parliament in the situation in which they now stand . This circumstance alone forms a strong presumption in favour of the Army and Navy , and against the plan , a presumption which becomes infinitely stronger when we come to consider the history of the transaction . I take for granted that the Expedition could have been undertaken only upon the supposition that the French were not prepared for an attack . Now , Sir , one has only to look at Lord Chatham 's own dispatches , to be convinced that our government proceeded either upon no information at all , or upon the very worst information that ever imposed upon reasonable men . Lord Chatham had hardly set foot on shore before accounts came , pouring in upon him from all quarters , that the French were not unprepared , but that they had a vast force within a few days march ; and he tells you that though he was unwilling to lend an ear to such intelligence , yet it was soon confirmed to him by such unquestionable authority that he was compelled to give up all thoughts of proceeding further with the Expedition . The only question therefore is , whether his Majesty 's ministers ought to have foreseen the resistance or not . Now , Sir , I would ask , whether any body seriously believes , that , if they had used