ever appear , whose prominent feature was apathy to offence ? The next assault was made upon party . He could not allow the justice of the accusation . No ; he had been a party man all his life ; and of course following that which he conceived right , he was ready to defend it : but how was it proved , that those who styled themselves `` No party men . '' were more adequate and less impartial ? They voted neither for one side or other ; but now on this , and then on that ; and thus with the steadiness of no side , they were yet partial to both sides ! It had been said also , the prosecutor had no right to name the jury ; and why not ? Who ever named the jury but the prosecutor , giving of course to the accused the privilege of challenge , though net of nomination ? But here the accused were doubly indulged ; they not only had their own selection of documents to present on trial , but even some of their own friends were liberally named on the committee . So far from ministers having any just ground of complaint , they had rather an incentive to gratitude . supported the committee as amended . thought the question before the House a very narrow one ; it was simply , in the first instance , whether there should be any committee appointed 320 at all . The question of names was a subsequent one . In the appointment even of the committee itself , he was of opinion it would have been wisest to have waited until it was certain whether any necessity for its institution would arise . He thought the term of jury had been improperly applied to the committee , as they were more properly intended to select materials for information than to adjudicate or decide . He thought it equally wrong to call them a committee for the prosecution , since strict impartiality should be their distinguishing feature . He did not know what was meant by gentlemen on one side and the other calling in question the impartiality of the members . He felt himself row in his own estimation as a member of parliament at such language , and was sure that an indiscriminate committee was selected from both sides of the House , every member of it would do his duty . `` What , Sir , are we not all impartial ? `` — ( A laugh . ) Notwithstanding the laugh , he was sure they all were ; and for his part , when the question of names was put , he would vote for each member , not viewing his impartiality , but his talents . Lord Porchester then nominated for the committee , himself , —agreed to . Mr. Bathurst , Mr. F. Robinson , admiral Markham , general Ferguson . Agreed to . Mr. Wilberforce . On the proposal of this last name , the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed that of Mr. Sturges Bourne as an amendment . declared it his intention , in case Mr. Wilberforce was suffered to remain on the committee , to nominate Mr. S. Bourne next ; but Mr. Perceval persisting in his intention to divide the House , strangers were ordered to withdraw . The only division that took place was , on the names of sir John Sebright and Mr. Yorke . For Mr. Yorke , 196 , sir J. Sebright , 128 . All the rest were agreed to without any division . presented a Petition from the Roman Catholics of the county of Tipperary , setting forth , `` That the petitioners did , in the month of May 1808 , humbly petition the House , praying the total abolition of those penal laws which aggrieve the Roman Catholics of these realms ; and that they 321 now feel themselves obliged , in justice to themselves , their families and their country , once more to solicit the attention of the House to the subject of their said