and the whole advanced to such a state of discipline as to be fit to act in line with the British army ? He would not deny that the Portuguese peasantry were well suited to assume the character and habits of soldiers ; but as no one , even of the 16,000 already embodied , had ever seen an enemy , or was acquainted with the operations of war , he must be excused for thinking a force of that description not to be depended upon in the regular operations and progress of a campaign . They might be , as they had been , useful in desultory warfare ; but must be wholly unfit for co-operation with a regular army . He was not afraid , therefore , of any responsibility that might be incurred , by his stating , that if the safety of the British army was to be committed on the expectation of such co-operation , it would be exposed to most imminent and perhaps inevitable hazard . But if these 30,000 men were not composed of undisciplined peasants and raw recruits , but consisted of British troops , in addition to the British army already in Portugal , he should consider it nothing but infatuation to think of defending Portugal , even with such a force . He was aware it might be said , that Portugal , considered with respect to its geographical advantages , was capable of being effectually defended . He was not afraid , however , to assert , that against a power possessing the whole means of Spain , as he must suppose the French to do at this moment , Portugal , so far from being the most defensible , was the least defensible of any country in Europe . It had the longest line of frontier , compared with its actual extent , of any other nation ; besides , from its narrowness , its line of defence would be more likely to be turned ; and an invading enemy would derive great advantages from its local circumstances . As to the means of practical defence afforded by its mountains , he should only ask , whether the experience of the last seventeen years had taught the world nothing—whether its instructive lessons were wholly thrown away ? Could it be supposed that a country so circumstanced : with a population without spirit , and a foreign general exercising little short of arbitrary power within it , was capable of any effectual defence ? He should desire their lordships not to look at the experience of the last 17 years , but to the melancholy 524 events of the last month , and would then ask them , whether the defence of a mountainous barrier could afford any security against a powerful enemy ? —Whether the barrier which had not protected Seville , would be effectual for the security of Portugal ? The value of such defences no longer existed , and he was inclined to attribute that alteration to an actual change in the art and practice of war . The Alps , the Pyrenees , the mountains of Germany , and the Sierra Morena in Spain , of which they had heard so much , had all been successfully carried without presenting much difficulty , by the improved operations of modem warfare . It was not to such defences , therefore , nor , indeed , to any defence , that they should look for the security of Portugal , unless the great mass of its population felt an interest in its preservation , and were resolutely determined to perish or defend it . He was ready however to allow that there might be occasions when it would be proper to make large pecuniary sacrifices , not alone for the support of an ally , but to prove to Europe , that we were ready to afford aid to any nation that was disposed to assert its independence . He would allow , that pressed as this nation was on all sides , it would be desirable to afford Portugal , if the question were only as