with whom he acted . His hon . friend had only said , that if they were inclined to get rid of the greatest imbecility of counsels , of the wildest plans , and feeblest execution of them , which had ever disgraced any ministers , they should get rid of the gentlemen opposite . He agreed , however , with the right hon . gent . that it would have been better if the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , had waited till the Finance Committee had made its 384 report upon the subject ; but still he should vole for the motion . It was his impression , that much detriment would result to the public interests , if there existed no means of conferring rewards for distinguished public services . He was not disposed invidiously to go through the list of sinecure placemen , but must observe , that there were many names amongst them of persons , who either in person , or whose immediate ancestors , had rendered important services to the state . The right hon . gent . however , had said , that a majority of such offices were in possession of persons connected with the side of the House from which he spoke . He could not deny , that the list of those holding sinecure places presented the spectacle of some persons possessing great and opulent private fortunes , and deriving considerable emoluments from the public through such offices . He must , however , contend that the increase of private wealth would not have the effect of diminishing the influence of the crown , and that such a measure as that under consideration , was necessary for that purpose ; because that would favour the impression that no such thing was to be expected as gratuitous service from any description of public men . The great objection which he had to Sinecure Offices was , that they had a tendency to introduce into that House a set of men , who could not be expected to give an unbiassed suffrage upon any discussion , and who would at all times be ready to sell their votes for their offices . He objected to these offices , as not only affording means of support to a venal administration , but also as giving birth and strength to a factious opposition to government ; when those who vote and are numbered in the day of battle , think they have reason to complain if they happen to be overlooked in the distribution of the spoil . Upon all these grounds he should vote for the motion . had wished to address the House , immediately after the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . In opposition to the statement of that right hon . gent . that the influence of the crown had not increased , he was prepared to contend , that it had increased to an alarming extent . Had not colony been added to colony , and influence risen with augmented patronage in a progressive proportion , since the memorable proposition of Mr. Dunning ? Had not the crown , since that period , divided the enormous patronage 385 of India with the East India Company ? Had Dot the Droits of Admiralty , within a short period , amounted to 8 million , of which no more than 2 million had been applied to the public service , with the exception of 26,000l . which had been given to sir Home Popham , a member of that House ? Had not the bank of England been placed at the mercy of the crown , and its payments in cash been restricted , so much to its profit , and to the public detriment ? And was the House , then , to be told , that the influence of the crown had not greatly increased ? Could they forget the case of Mr. Steele ? Could they be insensible to the fact that the present Treasurer of the Navy ( Mr. Rose ) ; that the hon . Mr. Villiers ;