occurred at that period . Those hon . members , who were present last night , would recollect , that lord Chatham had been questioned relative to the Narrative which he had thought proper to present to his Majesty , and which had subsequently been produced in the House of Commons . They would recollect that the noble lord had also been asked , whether he had on any prior occasion presented to his Majesty any other narrative , paper , memorandum , or memorial , relative to the Expedition to the Scheldt . They would recollect , too , that after the noble lord had been repeatedly questioned on this subject , he at length declined to give any answer to the inquiry . This certainly was a circumstance which induced a strong suspicion that the noble lord had presented to his Majesty some document upon the subject before the delivery of that which had been placed on the table of the House . Lord Chatham however , standing at the bar as a peer of the realm , the Committee could not press upon him a question which he did not choose to answer ; but it was in the power of the House to address his Majesty for the production of such a paper , if it existed . He did not think it necessary to trouble the House at any great length on the subject of the motion he meant to submit , the merits of which appeared to him to lie in a small compass , and to which he could not conceive the possibility of objection . On the 27th of January , the House resolved to institute an Inquiry into the policy and conduct of the Expedition to the Scheldt . On the 16th of February , a gallant officer , whom he did not then see in his place , a private friend of lord Chatham , ( General Loft ) , proposed to the House to address his Majesty for the production of a Narrative given in to his Majesty by lord Chatham , which that gallant officer stated he knew to be in existence . On the first day of the session , in the speech from the throne , his Majesty deolared that he would direct all the papers that would be necessary for the satisfaction of the House on the subject of the Walcheren Expedition to be laid on their table . In the papers , however , which were in consequence laid on the table , lord Chatham 's Narrative was not included . In point of fact , it did not then exist , and in point of fact his Majesty 's 560 ministers did not know the contents of that Narrative until after it had been presented by lord Chatham to the King . The motion which had been made by the gallant officer for the production of this Narrative saved him ( Mr. W. ) a great deal of trouble on the present occasion ; for , whatever had been his opinion of the propriety of calling for papers which were given to his Majesty personally , the House had voted that the thing might be done , and upon this impression they called for and obtained the Narrative . Nothing according to his view of the case , could be more objectionable than the general principle , upon which a person placed in the situation of lord Chatham , having been in the command of an Expedition , and having access to the King as a privy counsellor , used that privilege for the purpose of putting into the King 's hand a paper reflecting on the conduct of the officers associated with him in that enterprise . He called upon the House to consider the circumstances in which lord Chatham stood . The noble lord having acted in conjunction with sir R. Strachan in the command of the Expedition , arrived in England before the termination of the Expedition , and on such his arrival his distinct military command , of course , ceased . In all the public dispatches from the