entitled to any thing but praise . There were some circumstances , however , in the conduct of lord Wellington which he could not approve . Although in his account of the battle of Talavera , he seemed to make no account of the Spaniards , yet in that same dispatch , mention was made no less than five times of Spanish troops charging with the British . He believed it was also a fact , that the Spaniards lost 1,200 men in the battle , which shewed , that they were not entirely idle.—It did , also , appear to detract a little from his greatness of mind to characterize sir Robert Wilson as merely a partizan . That officer had undoubtedly been extremely active , and had rendered most important service . He could have wished that he had never turned author , but he believed him to be an excellent 462 soldier . As to the military renown which our army had obtained at Talavera , he must say , that even military renown might be bought at too high a rate . We might even purchase gold too dear , and it was a pretty dear purchase to buy mere military renown with the loss of 5 or 6,000 men . The military character of this country was not so low as to require such sacrifices merely to shew that we can oppose the French . It appeared to him that lord Wellington had got his army into a prodigious scrape , and that they had brought him out of it most wonderfully . Lord Wellington was falsly described by many , as a persecuted man ; he was , on the contrary , loaded with honours , esteemed and beloved by his army . In many respects he thought highly of the military character and talents of the noble lord , but he did not approve of his bringing his army into a situation when they were compelled to fight the battle of Talavera ; and therefore he did not approve of the extravagant honours bestowed upon him on account of that battle , and he had already stated to the House the grounds upon which he felt it his duty to dissent from the pension . said , that he had not intended to have taken any part in the discussion , but he felt it necessary for him to give some explanation on points which the hon . gent . had very properly inquired into . He must allow , that the hon . gent . had taken up the subject very fairly and manfully , and that , while he discharged his public duty , he had not spoken of the noble lord in any manner which could hurt the feelings of those who thought most highly of him . The hon . gent . had , however , given a military opinion of the military merits of his noble relation . Now , upon this subject he would only say , that he was content to rest the military fame of lord Willington , on the opinion of the army in general , and on the opinion delivered in that House by a distinguished general , and the opinion formerly delivered in that House by a very gallant officer ( gen. Ferguson ) , who had served under him . Resting then the military character of his noble relation on these grounds , he would say that he entirely agreed in the principle laid down by the hon . member , that , it did not follow that the House should grant a pension , although his Majesty had been advised to grant a peerage . He thought the hon . gent . was right in inquiring into 463 the circumstances of lord Wellington ; and he would agree with him that it would be a shameful waste of the public money to grant a pension , if lord W. were in possession of means to support the dignity of the peerage without it . In the first place , he must state that lord W. never did expect , or