and it will again be pleaded , that the Irish spirits must be prohibited from being exported to Britain , which measure , the hon . member said he would always oppose as a violation of the Act of Union , and which would for ever be taker for a precedent , whenever English and Irish interests clashed together . For these reasons it was incumbent on the Irish members , if they wished to protect the interests of Ireland , to oppose the prohibition , even if only proposed to be adopted for Great Britain , and not to suffer the motion of the right hon . gent . to pass . If the right hon . gent . intended the prohibition as a relief for any distresses experi- 393 enced In the colonies , he would have as little grounds for pressing it as he had on a plea of scarcity ; for sugar , which in 1808 was 32s . per cwt . was now 56s . Besides , it was most impolitic to look for relief by a measure which was to interfere so injuriously with the agricultural interests of the country . If distress existed , let the cause of it be ascertained and removed . The case made out was , that there was not a sufficient demand to take off the produce of the colonies , and the cause of this the Committee shewed to be the colonial monopoly , and various acts of Parliament restricting the colonial trade . Common sense then would point out the abolishing of this monopoly , or the repeal of those laws , as not only a remedy , but a lasting one ; whereas , the distilling of sugar can at best afford a very limited and temporary degree of relief . For these several reasons , and having the example of the right hon . gent . to go by , he should move , That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the expediency of continuing the prohibition of distilling from grain . thought going into a Committee of the whole House , the most expedient way for considering the question . Had that motion been carried , he would not have found it necessary to go any great length into the principle of the measure , which he considered as fully established the last session . The same causes existed now . The price of grain was higher than when the Act was passed , which was proved by the returns before the House . The rise of the price of bullion could by no means balance this increase of price , to which it bore no proportion . He could see no occasion for a Committee to inquire into the scarcity of provisions ; the best proof of the abundance of the article , was the price of it . With respect to the hon . gent . 's assertion of the abundant crops in Scotland , he would only say , that an hon . member from that country , now beside him , complained very much of the great damage that had been done to it before it was got in . As to Ireland , it certainly was not his intention to extend the prohibition to that country , for there were many reasons which the hon . gent . had not contemplated . From the superabundance of the crop , the prohibition was unnecessary , and would be injurious . Another reason was , that the revenue was not easily collected in that country . The hon . gent . had exclaimed against the prohibition of spirit 394 intercourse , as contrary to the Union , and not beneficial to Ireland . To this he would say , that it was absolutely necessary while they were allowed to distil from corn , which the other country was not , and that the same prohibition already existed , and was found to benefit and protect Ireland . thought , that they need go no farther than the Report of the Committee upon the bad consequences of prohibitions ,