side , and opposed to it the solitary opinion of the noble lord . Had the noble lord stood uncontradicted , he might have called on the House to interfere ; but this was not a case of that kind . The blame here seemed to be in the admiralty ever directing the court martial . They ought to have known that there was no charge ; for when they applied to the noble lord for his charge , if he had any , he referred them to the Log books which it was their duty already to have perused , and which , therefore , they must by that time have been prepared to say , instead of inferring blame , warranted them in bestowing thanks . He was sorry to see the thanks of that House bestowed with too little consideration , so as greatly to lower the value of that distinguished honour . He should hardly have thought this a case in which they ought to have been granted , were it not that their now withholding them might seem to countenance the present charge . thought if the House wanted any additional inducement to vote their thanks to the noble lord , they had them in the words of the sentence of the court martial . The present motion was peculiarly important , as it went to throw a gross stigma on the characters of the whole of the members of the court martial , as if they were totally ignorant of their professsion , and forgetful of their own reputation and of the cause of truth and justice . All the evidence , however , was one way . If the sentence had been conceived in dry or doubtful terms , then the House might have called for the Mi- 232 nutes . That , however , was not the case ; and all that remained for the House to suppose was , that the noble lord ( Cochrane ) thought differently from every person else at the time of the court martial , and that he did so still . Lord Gambier had formerly shewn that he could dare when he ought to dare , having been the first to break the line on the glorious first of June ; and now he had shewn that he was no less capable of performing important service without exposing to unnecessary risk the ships or subjects of his Majesty . saw no just ground for the present motion . It carried with it a serious matter of charge against the members of the court martial , and almost every witness who had been examined , and that , too , on a subject in which the noble lord would not find one man in the profession to agree with him . said , if his information was correct , the fault that more damage had not been done to the enemy 's fleet , lay with the noble lord ( Cochrane ) himself ; and if the Minutes of the court martial were produced , he should engage to bring evidence to that effect before the House . If the noble lord had followed the advice of a senior officer , in reserving some of his fire ships , he would have been able to destroy all the ships of the enemy . When with the explosion ship the noble lord gave the signal , those who observed his orders did not succeed : and those who did not observe the signal , but were more deliberate in their proceedings , were successful . Those officers who disobeyed the order to fire the ships had been promoted , and those who obeyed the order had not been promoted . said , that he had endeavourde to follow the noble lord in his speech , but could not bring him to any one point . The noble lord would have done no more than his duty , if he had been in possession of those circumstances which he had detailed this night , in making them the subject of proceedings against Lord Gambier . What , however