unbecoming course , then , indeed , it is idle to hope , that what the country so loudly demands from one end of it to the other , will ever be effectually carried into practice . Who can hope it ? Upon what foundation can rest your confidence ? The minister of England , who is himself to be put upon his trial , whose conduct and whose policy are to become the serious objects of that investigation—he it is , who rises up in this House and desires us to suspend our course of proceeding , until he shall have furnished us with the stinted information which he may think proper to impart . Do not inquire , says he , as I myself will lay before you , will tell you all that , in my opinion , you ought to know upon this subject . What , I ask , would be thought of the application , if you , Sir , or any other man in the country , having a violater of the laws to punish for his transgressions , were about to appeal to the courts of justice for redress , but were suddenly called upon to desist from your legitimate course , under the promise , that the man whose guilt constituted the subject of your appeal , had declared his rea- 193 diness to tell his own story ? Would credulity itself be imposed upon by such a puny contrivance ? And shall this House , upon the assertion of an accused minister , desist from discharging that great obligation which public justice requires ? But , forsooth , the right hon . gent . would this night appear not only not the enemy , but almost the advocate for inquiry . How long since has he become a convert to this doctrine ? Was this the determination with which he advised his sovereign to give the well known answer to the petition of the corporation of London ? Did he not in that answer declare , that he did not intend to institute any such proceeding ; leaving it to parliament to take that course which in its wisdom it should think fit ? Parliament has met , and is called upon by that very man who resigned to it the choice of its own conduct , to suspend its duties at his pleasure and caprice . He would wish us , whose duty it is , to probe these calamitous transactions throughout all their branches , to surrender our understanding to his direction , and rest satisfied with documents which he pleases to produce—documents no doubt calculated not to afford information to parliament , but to operate as a defence of the ministry . He has charged myself and my friends with having submitted to the consideration of this House an amendment incompatible with the principles of common justice , and which went to prejudge this question , I deny that the imputation is in any degree warranted by any part of our conduct . Was it prejudging to say , that Expeditions of mighty promise and most prodigal expenditure had terminated in failure and calamity ? Did we want to wait for the production of his promised documents to ascertain that a brave and gallant army had been ingloriously sacrificed and wantonly slaughtered ? If the grounds upon which we acted justified our opinion , I challenge him and his colleagues to prove that we went one step further . We limited ourselves to what was undeniable , and in calling for promised inquiry , we did not even insinuate who the persons were that were guilty and ought to be punished . This night the right hon . gent . unable to oppose the propriety of the course we have pursued , ventures to attribute certain motives to gentlemen on this side of the House . He tells us that inquiry is not our aim , but that we are endavouring to procure a vote of this House against ministers : —in order to procure 194 their removal from office , and pave the way for our