did they then hear of the probable consequences , resulting from that ill-omened step ? but how insignificant were those predictions , compared with the more terrible events that had since occurred ? 120 Not even the prophetic despondency of that inauspicious period could have dared but imagine all the evils that have since afflicted and humbled us . Nor could he without pain and astonishment observe the too prevalent disposition even then , to cite and to bow down to the authority of a departed statesman , whom as a minister he looked upon as the greatest curse that ever visited this country . He , for his part , could not so soon , nor so easily unlearn the lessons , the terrible lessons , impressed upon his mind by the uniform tenor of Mr. Pitt 's administration , and so strongly inculcated at one period by the severe but deserved animadversions of those gentlemen who had since learned to think of that minister with greater charity ; but he could not yet endure to hear such a man panegyrized ; for if he was fit to be panegyrized , he was fit to be imitated . He could not yet think it other than an insult , the burthening with his debts the people he had so reduced . He thought it a still greater insult to make that people pay for the erection of a monument to his memory . It was , indeed , unnecessary . He had left his monument behind him—'Exegit monumentum aere perennius . ' A monument that would be as lasting as those ruins in Europe of which he was the founder ; or , if there must be a monument in this his injured country , he ( Sir Francis ) would propose that a pillar should be reared in the adjoining square ; that on the one side Magna Charta should appear in large and imposing characters , and on the other should appear , equally conspicuous , all the host of Mr. Pitt 's acts in direct violation of the provisions , and in utter subversion of the principles of that great bulwark of our liberties . He should propose , also , that the Speaker should , on the initiation of every new minister , lead him up to the foot of that pillar , and thus make the name that ought not to be an example , what it ought—a warning to all who took upon them the charge of the future government of this country.—The hon . baronet next proceeded to observe upon the rigorous mode of collecting the taxes , which he alledged to be oppressive in the extreme , vexatious and harrassing ; that there was no mode of redress , but by means that involved the injured parties in greater expence than the fraudulent exaction amounted to . He instanced cases where poor farmers were surcharged for dogs ; the tax itself was 20s . ten of which went into 121 the informer 's pocket , and in general the fraudulent surcharges went only to enrich the exactor without contributing a mite to the treasury . He next adverted to the Jubilee , which he denounced as a clumsy trick , to thrust joy down the throats of the people , and repeated his opinion , that all such evils were to be traced to a radical error in the system , and that no matter what changes took place while that remained unchanged . How happy would they be if they could place the country in the position in which it stood at any former period for the last fifteen years . How happy if it stood even in the same situation as after the much abused treaty of Amiens ; in short , there was no preceding year for that space of time in which it did not stand better than in the succeeding . With respect to their military operations , he would put this simple question ; if neither the generals nor the soldiers were to blame , why was their failure so great and general ? Changes