and wise policy by which that prosperity had been secured , a policy which suggested to his Majesty 's ministers , that it was not their duty to be impeded or biassed by the influence of either threats or intrigues , by the hostility of France , whether openly declared and exercised in Europe , or insidiously at work against us in America . rose , for the purpose of submitting to their lordships consideration some remarks upon the observations made by his noble friend , and also upon the papers , which had just been laid upon their lordships ' table . It was not only surprising but it was a species of conduct of which no example was any where to be found but amongst his Majesty 's pre- 347 sent ministers , that papers of such importance , should be laid upon their table , and a commercial question of such magnitude and detail should be brought into discussion without any previous notice . However , if it was not the noble earl 's intention to move that the papers mentioned be printed ; he should think it a duty incumbent upon him to make that motion himself . Did the noble earl , under all the calamity and disgrace brought upon the country by the ignorant and absurd measures of the administration , think it necessary to encourage the country to resist the power of France ? Why there was not a man in whose breast the heart of an Englishman could be found to beat , who could ever entertain a doubt on the subject . God forbid that England should ever entertain the question , whether she should resolutely maintain her power , or sink beneath the power of France . As to the trade of the country , he was as much convinced as any man could be , that it was , in regard to our internal situation , increasing in prosperity . We had no occasion to be told that such prosperity was owing to our happy laws and constitution , and the industry of our people : the reason was an obvious one , and not more true than it was universally felt and acknowledged . But this prosperous increase of trade , so much , and so triumphantly spoken of by the noble earl this evening , was not to he taken as resulting from the measures of that blind policy adopted by noble lords opposite . It was a prosperity arising from the extended commercial genius of the country , from the benignant influence of our happy constitution , and the unexampled industry of our population ; and happy for us it was so , because we thereby saw that our commerce could flourish in spite of the barriers opposed to it by the frail , imbecile , and mad proceedings of those who framed the Orders in Council . It would be useless at this time to enter into the detailed accounts given by the noble earl , for it was impossible for him to carry in his head all the numbers , sums , and figures mentioned , and as much so for those who heard him . But what did all this superficial and unsatisfactory statement of accounts amount to ? Did it shew that our commerce had increased , because of its restrictions ? The whole amounted to this and to this only , that , in consequence of the political situation of Spain , the Spanish colonies of America had been laid open 348 to our merchants ; and , although we had lost our trade with the United States , this new intercourse , arising from an independent and distinct cause , had given it considerable increase . But , perhaps , were we rightly to estimate the consequence of these colonies being suddenly opened , upon the decrease of our trade to the United States , when there was a general effort to supply the market to an overflow , it might be a most damning proof of the injury which our commerce had sustained by means of the conduct of