and the country . He could not , however , avoid making some observations on the conduct of the admiralty , which , he thought , a due regard to the discipline of the navy made necessary . He thought the admiralty was wrong in ordering a court-martial to be held on lord Gambier . When the letter of that noble lord was first published , there was no other feeling throughout the country but exultation and applause . It did not , at that time , occur to anyone that he deserved to be brought to a court-martial . It appeared to him , that when the first lord of the admiralty first conceived it to be his duty to move the thanks of the House to lord Gambier , he ought not to have allowed himself to be stopped in what he felt was due to that noble lord , by any expressions which fell from a junior officer . Although the noble lord had been most honourably acquitted , yet , he must contend , that there was no sufficient cause for putting him on his trial , and subjecting him to such an ordeal . He must also say , that he conceived the admiralty to have acted extremely wrong in giving to a noble lord ( lord Cochrane ) a command , which was so contrary to the usual rules of the service , and which must have been so galling and disgusting to the feelings of the other officers in lord Gambier 's fleet . He respected as much as any man the zeal , intrepidity , and enterprize of the noble lord ( Cochrane ) , but it was wrong to presume that these qualities were wanting in the many brave captains of that fleet , who were in standing superior to his lordship . The making such a selection naturally put that noble lord upon attempting enterprizes by which great glory might be obtained by him personally , whereas the other noble lord ( Gambier ) was principally to attend to the safety of the whole fleet committed to his charge . Lord Gambier had sufficiently distinguish- 352 ed himself in the battle under lord Howe , and afterwards at Copenhagen , to make it unnecessary for him to deviate from the most prudent course , to add any thing to his professional character . defended the conduct of the admiralty . did not think the services of lord Gambier of such a nature as to require the particular thanks of the House . He thought that they should only be given on very signal and important victories . Nobody could doubt that they were due to lord Howe for his victory on the 1st of June ; to lord Duncan , for his victory at Camperdown ; to lord St. Vincent , for his glorious achievements near that cape from which he took his title ; or , to the immortal Nelson , for the splendid exploits with which he has adorned our naval history . These were things which spoke for themselves , and nobody could doubt the propriety of voting thanks , as it were , by acclamation . He thought , however , the services of lord Gambier were of a very inferior description , and called for no such reward . observed , that so much had been urged , and so little answered on the subject of the motion , that he should not have occasion to trouble their lordships at great length . If ever the thanks of that House should happen to be voted on principles of party feeling , their value would diminish , and they would no longer be the object of the valour and enterprize of our soldiers and seamen . Their lordships should reserve their thanks for great occasions ; he would not say that this was not one ; but as far as the admiralty could do , they had rendered it a matter of doubt . They had brought the noble admiral to a court-martial , not on the accusation , not on charges preferred by an inferior