fate of the war would even thus ultimately have been changed , although the event of the campaign very probably might . This , my lords , is what they might have done , and now comes `` like a lean and blasted ear '' what they have done.—Of the disposable force which they had of 100,000 men , about 15 or 16,000 were stationed in Sicily ; for what purpose they were kept there may be the subject of a future enquiry , but is foreign to the present discussion . The remainder were divided into two armies , I will say for the sake of round numbers of 40,000 each , though I believe neither the troops sent to Portugal , nor those sent to Walcheren amounted to that number , yet they did not fall far short of it . With respect to the force sent to Spain , ministers seemed resolutely determined not to profit by expe- 16 rience ; precisely the same errors and the same faults were committed as in the expedition sent there under sir John Moore . The want of concert with the Spanish government , which was so decidedly proved in the expedition under sir John Moore , was equally apparent in that under lord Wellington . We find in the latter precisely the same want of co-operation and concert which so decidedly marked every stage of the former . Another instance of similitude of error is still more glaring . One would scarcely believe it possible , that any set of men would send out an expedition without money to pay the troops , and yet we find by the public dispatches of sir David Baird , that this was the case with respect to the expedition under sir John Moore . So great and manifest an inconvenience would not , one would suppose , have been repeated , but , as if determined to persevere in every species of error , both the expedition to the Peninsula under lord Wellington , and the expediton to Walcheren under lord Chatham , were deficient in this most essential article of military supply . We find , my lords , precisely the same errors with respect to the expectation of an effectual co-operation from the armed peasantry of Spain . The dispatches of sir John Moore point out how cruelly he was disappointed in the expectation held out to him , of receiving an active and efficient assistance from the Spanish forces . Precisely the same errors formed a part of the plan of the expedition under lord Wellington , whose dispatches inform us that this Spanish officer had abandoned a post which he was expected to defend , and that another Spanish officer , instead of remaining in a position where he was expected to make an effectual stand , had suddenly abandoned it , and was precipitately following our army . Nothing can more clearly shew the perseverance in error of his Majesty 's ministers , expecting in the first instance a co-operation from an armed peasantry , which it was idle and absurd to expect from men who had not yet learnt the necessary habits of discipline and subordination , and after the fallacy of this expectation had been proved , persevering in the same error , and persisting in expecting an effective assistance , and making that a part of the plan of a second expedition to the Peninsula , although the absurdity of it was manifest even before its fallacy was proved , and although all idea of that species of co-operation had been dis- 17 tinctly shewn by experience to be nugatory and absurd . This was the miserable delusion to which sir John Moore was sacrificed . These were the hopes which were held out to him ; but which , to the moment of his expiring in the arms of victory , never were realised . Yet the lesson taught by that fatal catastrophe was lost upon ministers . Ministers ought to have known that history is pregnant with proof , that an armed population can not be considered as a disciplined army :