's liberality had brought him into difficulty , or debt , who was it they called upon to free him from the incumbrance ? The people—who already owed debts enough , and owed them , not in consequence of any prodigality of their own , but by , and in consequence of , the impositions of their representatives . Surely , when such was the case , they ought to be cautious , that not a sixpence should be demanded , with- 456 out establishing the claim of a strong necessity . With respect to the military part of the question , he had no opinion ; he could only say , that the result was failure , —failure as complete as failure could be.—The advance to attack was made upon the part of our general ; the object was to drive back the French ; instead of which , after , certainly , a splendid display of courage and bravery on the part of the British troops , our army retired itself . Might he not say with justice of this , that it was not one of those decisive victories which called for the honours and rewards in the gift of that House , and of the nation at large . But even if he was inclined to agree in the propriety of granting a reward to lord Wellington , he should object to making any appeal for that purpose to the people 's purse . He wanted to know what was become of the patronage of the government ? Whenever gentlemen talked of doing away sinecures and pensions altogether , the defence always was , that services must be rewarded , that the system of sinecures and pensions afforded a fund for that purpose , and who would take away a system so favourable to that reward ? But as soon as services were performed , the application was made to the people , and not to that fund , which one would imagine , from the arguments of the gentlemen opposite , they were preserving for the reward of merit alone—There was a place now or lately vacant , to which ministers might have appointed lord Wellington , that of governor of Portsmouth ; there was , perhaps , another place at their disposal at that moment which he should then abstain from naming , but to which they might , perhaps , have appointed him . It was , indeed , wonderful , that , with greater means of rewarding merit , than all the combined merit and deserts of Europe could possibly exhaust , they were perpetually throwing the burden upon the people . For all these reasons , but principally for the last one , he should oppose the motion . said , that the hon . baronet had given a strange reason for opposing the motion , that he knew nothing about military matters . He could not bear to hear , that one who had won fourteen battles , should be refused such a paltry consideration.—What would this country say—what would the common soldiers say—when they found that we made all this talk about conferring upon him the distinctions to which be was so eminently 457 entitled . Why should they talk about such things ? Why should they oppose him , because his brother was a Secretary of State ? He was sorry that any British subject should oppose a man , who was perhaps as great a hero as Belleisle , or any other that could be mentioned . An hon . gent . had said , that he sought no place ; but if that hon . gent 's abilities were observed , and considered to be useful , he would probably have no objection to be offered one . He would beg leave to give him a piece of advice , and that was , that if he spoke one way , and voted another , by G—d neither would employ him . ( Loud laughing , and cries of order ! order ! ) did not mean to deny merit to lord Wellington , but he