as they ought to have been ) to his Majesty through the regular office of the government . The first and greatest benefit which arose to the public from the exercise of a right such as that possessed by the House , was , that all secret machinations for poisoning the mind of the Sovereign against his best servants , were by it rendered impossible , because whoever presented to his Majesty any private memorial , such as that alluded to , was responsible to the public for its contents ; and because the ministers who suffered such a memorial to be presented , or who , after the presentation of it , attempted to shield the individual by whom it had been presented , were responsible to Parliament and the public for their conduct . If this were not the case , in what would the monarchy of England differ from the most absolute monarchy that ever existed ? If this were not the case , a system of favouritism would be introduced into this country as pure , as palpable , and as perfect as ever prevailed in France or in Spain . The right hon . gent . had declared , thathe did not know where to 567 look for such a paper as that which it was the object of his hon . friend 's motion to procure . He would ask the right hon . gent . where he looked for the last ? Certainly the right hon . gent . would not revive much information on the subject Prom lord Chatham , for the noble lord had last night informed the Committee , that he had told his colleagues of his intention to present to his Majesty a narrative of the Expedition , only a few minutes before he actually did present it . In fact , it was in the levee room itself that the noble lord had first intimated to his colleagues the step which he was about to take . From the noble lord , therefore , the right hon . gent . judging by experience , unquestionably could not expect much information . The right hon . gent . said that the House had a right to address the King upon this subject , but that he could not understand what answer his Majesty 's ministers could advise his Majesty to return to such an Address . Did the right hon . gent . suppose that , if the House of Commons had addressed the King on the subject , his Majesty would hesitate to deliver any papers which he might have in his possession of the nature required to one of his confidential servants for the purpose of submitting them to the House ? On this point , the right hon . gent . had advanced a doctrine of the most reprehensible description . He had produced in debate , the name , personal character and honour of his Sovereign , for the purpose of protecting an administration . Would the right hon . gent say , that his Majesty was disposed to wink at the calumniation of a brave officer like sir R. Strachan , or that he would allow lord Chatham , by insidious representations , to deprive an officer of such long and approved service of the well-merited estimation of his King ? Such a supposition was as opposite to the character , to the integrity , to the virtue , to the honour of his Majesty , as it was conformable to the dark spirit of low intrigue , which influenced the councils of his present ministers . To cover their own imbecility , to hide their own dissentions , his Majesty 's personal character had been dragged by them into that discussion . He hoped the House would mark its reprobation of a practice so unconstitutional , and agree to the Address , which so many important reasons called upon them to adopt . avowed himself perfectly ready to expose himself 568 to his share of all the reprobation which the right hon . gent . had so abundantly cast on his right hon