was I contend in itself highly exceptionable . For if it was really meant to assist Austria by making a diversion in her favour , could any thing be more preposterous , than to choose a place for an Expedition , where there was no possible point of contact or communication with the power we professed a desire to support . The barriers between us in that situation and Austria were immense . We had it not in our power to advance a step without meeting a fortress , which , when captured , we must reduce our force to garrison , before we advanced farther . But lord Chatham found it impossible to advance at all . Antwerp , which according to the original plan , was first , to be taken by a coup de main , stopped his career . But there was in the whole plan such a manifest proof of folly—such a disregard of all the precepts derivable from experience and established usage , that the result was such as might reasonably be looked for . If gentlemen will examine the history of military transactions—If they will only reflect upon the experience of their own times , 169 they must see that there are two principles which uniformly regulate all wise military arrangement : —the first is , to direct your main force to your main object , which , once attained , all minor objects will naturally follow ; —the second , to divide and distract the enemy as much as possible . It is by attending closely to these two principles that France has been aggrandized , and her enemies destroyed—it is through our neglect of these principles that we have been uniformly defeated and disgraced . Does not the marked disregard of these principles strike the commonest observer in the conduct of the Expedition to which my motion refers ? What was the main object of this Expedition ? —the French fleet and Antwerp . Do they go at once to Antwerp ? —No . The Expedition sailed for Walcheren on the 28th of July . It was accompanied by heavy cavalry , which , in fact , never landed , and other descriptions of force which was appropriate to service different to that entered upon . Upon the 28th of August , it was decided by our commander , that Antwerp was not assailable , and that our troops must retreat . Now , how was the long interval employed from the arrival of our force at Walcheren , until it was deemed advisable to come to this decision ? Why , instead of proceeding at once to Antwerp , and leaving some of our shipping to blockade Flushing , such blockade would have rendered the force in that garrison , and all Walcheren , quite useless , Flushing was regularly besieged . Thus the force which might have been kept as it were in a cage , and not available to the enemy , was , by our laying down before Flushing , with double the number , rendered completely effective against us . But this was not all ; before Flushing was reduced , a formidable force was collected at Antwerp ; we had then to advance against a population armed and adverse , and this advance was to be made according to the admirable plan in order to take these people by surprise , to capture a fortress by a coup de main , after a month 's preliminary notice . These , however , are not the only egregious blunders and faults belonging to this extraordinary transaction . It was obviously incumbent upon ministers to collect some information as to the nature and defensive state of the points of attack , before our army was sent out . Surely they ought to have known , whether Antwerp was a fortress or a town , whether it possessed the means of vigor- 170 ous resistance , or was assailable by a coup de main ? These things ought to have been previously ascertained by ministers , without sending out their general , lord Chatham , with 40,000 men