the court . Now , Sir , as to the place in which the vessel exploded ; and Mr. Fairfax , one of the fabricators of the chart , is the only person examined to this point ; he , Sir , notwithstanding that he has sworn that she blew up within two cables length of the Lyra , has a remark a little unfortunate , on a chart or in a 240 letter , I do not remember which , in the Naval Chronicle ( I think of July : ) `` the French frigate ( F. ) cut or slipped before the fire ships got to where they were set fire to ; '' the fact is , Sir , the explosion vessel blew up close to her.— I submit to this House—many of the members are military men , and all are capable to judge of the fact , whether one hundred barrels of powder , covered with shells , and at least a thousand grenades , would not have destroyed the Lyra , if exploded , within two cables length . The court , indeed , asked Mr. Fairfax `` where he was when she blew up , '' and he answered , `` In the Lyra . `` —In the Lyra , Sir , was his answer ; the court did not put a question on the Minutes , Was you on deck in the Lyra ? If I could make use of notes which I had taken , I might submit also to this House , whether a man who was below , at the explosion of the first part of 100 barrels of powder , could get on deck to see the second part exploded . Lord Gambier 's defence was full of accusations against me . Evidences were examined to prove these , though they did not relate in any way to the charge , and I was not suffered to ask one single question to refute them , or to be present when the defence was read . Sir , I was even sent out of Court , and denied the privilege of hearing it , although when an evidence on the late trial of a member of this House , I was sent for.—If , Sir , there were no other reasons for the production of the Minutes which I have called for , but that I am now put upon my defence : that accusations are made , which , in justice to my feelings , and my character , I must refute , I humbly submit to this House , that injustice to me they ought now to be produced , and I trust , Sir that for reasons more important to the country they will not be refused ; that this House will not shut their eyes and go blindfold to the vote . If so , the country must—will not follow their example . Sir , I shall not detain the House longer than to re-assert all that I have pledged myself to prove , and stake every thing that is valuable to man on the issue . If the Minutes are granted , I shall expose such a scene , as will , perhaps , make my country tremble for its safety . I intreat the House well to consider , that there is a tribunal to which it is answerable , that of posterity , which will try all our actions , and judge impartially . thought it would be wrong for that House to disturb the past acts of 241 justice . He could not persuade himself to suspect any degree of partiality in the tribunal which tried lord Gambier . But the question was not as to the noble lord 's innocence , but as to his claim to a most distinguishing reward . The honours of the House were high things—dear and valuable ; but dear only because they implied merit—valuable only because even that merit must be rare . Honours , too frequently bestowed , lost their value , and became signs of nothing but the weakness which lavished them