to retire ; they would meet with very little opposition from our allies , and that we should virtually have to contend with them single-handed . In fact the very nature of the two descriptions of force rendered it impossible that 47 * they should act in conjunction . Their troops newly raised and quite undisciplined , but acquainted with the country , inured to the climate , and patient of fatigue , were best calculated to act in small detachments , which might be frequently defeated without affecting materially the fortune of the war . Our troops , steady and intrepid , but unused to scarcity , privation , excessive hardships , and the viciscitudes of the climate , could only act with effect in large masses , where a great event might be decided at once by superior valour and skill . The object of the Spaniards was delay , both in order to discipline their own troops , and to give the French time to feel the effects of the climate ; our object was to bring on an immediate and decisive action , before we felt the effects of it ourselves . If the Spaniards could do any thing , it was in a war of detail , that is to say a war in which regular troops , acting in a foreign country , can do absolutely nothing . In a general engagement it was utterly impossible to depend upon our allies . And indeed it is but just to remark , that we had no reason to be surprised that the Spaniards had no troops fit to co-operate with ours , and to meet the French in the open field . The execrable government which had so long prevailed , had ruined and degraded the whole military establishment , just as it had ruined and degraded every thing else that was necessary for the honour and security of the country . Now we all know that a regular army is not a thing to be created upon the spur of the occasion . Time , labour , practice , system , and above all a long-continued vigorous executive government , are necessary in order to bring this vast and complicated machine to any tolerable degree of perfection . And though the Junta was no doubt highly culpable in not adopting vigorous measures with a view of that object , yet the fact is , that even if they had been adopted , they would have been too recent to produce much effect ; and the folly of the Spanish government in neglecting to improve their means of defence , is hardly greater than that of the English ministry , who acted as if a regular army was existing at a time , and under circumstances , in which reason and experience might have told them no regular army could exist . The House will observe that the few remarks I have taken the liberty to address to them have been directed exclusively 48 * to the plan of sending another army into Spain , that is to say , to that part of the question with which his Majesty 's ministers are more immediately concerned . I shall say nothing as to the conduct of the campaign , though I am aware it is liable to many and serious objections , but I wish to leave the discussion of a military question in fitter bauds than my own . I shall only beg the House to recollect , that up to the battle of Talavera the ministers have made themselves sharers in the responsibility for every thing , by the honours they advised his Majesty to confer on sir Arthur Wellesley . By this they expressed in the strongest possible manner their approbation of his advance into Spain , and by the merits or demerits of that step they must be content to stand or fall along with their general . I can not however quit this part of the subject without also observing , that the events of the campaign have been in a remarkable manner calculated to shew the erroneous views upon