spoken out plainly and directly , what the places were at which they meant to point . A new Committee was appointed by the House a few nights since ; and the motion he intended now to propose was , that it be an instruction to them to inquire forthwith respecting all such sinecure places , and report candidly to the House those which they should 312 think ought to be abolished . He sincerely hoped they would do so , and thus lay the ground of some specific measure , for terminating such a misuse of the public money . He had no wish himself to be forward in introducing bills : he had no vain desire for seeking popularity in such cases . If the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , would undertake to bring forward a bill for that purpose , he would cheerfully resign to him all the credit of the measure , and wash his own hands from all concern in it . He concluded by moving his proposed instruction to the Committee . hoped the House would not adopt the motion . The House had heretofore appointed a Committee of inquiry , who had done their duty by proceeding on the investigation referred to them , and reporting the result to the House , leaving it for the House itself to adopt any measures thereon that might appear eligible to its wisdom ; but without giving any opinion of their own , as to what places ought or ought not to be abolished . He trusted that the House would not now send back the subject to the present Committee , or delegate any power of giving any opinion on it ; but that the House would act by its own discretion . The hon . member ( Mr. Bankes ) had signified his purpose of proposing some resolutions on the subject . He himself had others to propose ; but he was decidedly against delegating any such duty to a Committee as that now proposed . The former Committee had done its duty . Its report was before the House , and it was for the House to adopt any procedure thereupon it should deem most filing . expressed his hope , that if the House had confidence in the Committee it would not fetter them by any such instruction as that proposed ; because such an inquiry must occupy their whole time during the session , and postpone every other object of their pursuit . Each office would make of itself a separate case for inquiry , and the Committee could not be called on to recommend the abolition of any particular case , without accompanying such recommendation with the documents upon which it was founded . In fact , it was quite impossible for the committee to proceed with any effect in such a purpose , without coming , in the first instance , to some declaratory principle as a foundation for their subsequent proceedings such , for instance as 313 a resolution , that all sinecure places ought to be abolished . After this , all that would remain for the Committee would be , to ascertain what offices could be ranged under that class . Without this , discussions on the subject would be endless ; for every member would be of a different opinion as to what places ought or ought not to be abolished . This was the principle laid down by Mr. Burke in his system of reform ; and the want of such a principle gave rise to all the difference and delay in the proceedings of the Committee last session . said , it was an opinion very generally maintained by the former Committee , that if sinecure places were to be abolished , some other means must be devised for remunerating public services ; as in numerous cases which would occur , the mere salary annexed to a place would be inadequate , and therefore it was suggested , that although some might be abolished , others ought to be retained . replied , that since he could not carry