the Narrative having been presented to the king till the night of Wednesday , had lost no time in communicating the transaction to the gallant admiral ; at the same time informing him . that if he should deem it expedient , in like manner , to make a statement of the naval proceedings of the expedition , it would be his duty to become the channel for transmitting it to his Majesty . He could assure the House , that it was not the desire of the Executive Department of the navy to call for such a statement ; but if sir R. Strachan should think that his own character , and the feelings of the country , required such a statement , he would , of course , prepare it , when furnished with an official copy of the noble earl 's Narrative . He had but one word more to add upon the fallacious foundation of the arguments of the hon . gentlemen opposite , when they assumed that to exist , of the existence of which they had no proof , and called upon those on his side of the House to prove a negative , when they were them selves bound to prove the affirmative . If they could shew the official existence of the paper , he was ready to go along with them . would feel it necessary to say but a few words upon the subject before the House , and trusted , that what be should say , would procure him the vote 576 of his hon . friend opposite— ( Mr . Ward . ) His hon . friend had stated , that if the paper were proved to be in existence , he should vote for the motion . His hon . friend must recollect , that if a witness were asked in a court of justice , whether he wrote a certain paper , and declined to answer , the judge would direct the jury to consider that paper as in existence . But supposing the paper in question were not in existence , that was a still stronger reason for agreeing to the motion . If suspicions existed in the minds of gallant officers ; if jealousies were felt , as if the earl of Chatham had availed himself of his access to the king to present to him papers reflecting upon the character of brother officers ; if that were the case , he would ask , whether it would not be much better , by agreeing to the motion , to prove in the most satisfactory manner , that no other paper existed referring to the subject , but that which had been laid before the House . But this was a question of a higher nature , as materially involving the privileges of that House . In the course of the important Inquiry then pending , the earl of Chatham had been called to the bar to give evidence . As a peer of the realm , he was not obliged to answer ; and consequently , standing upon his privilege as a peer , he had refused to answer , when asked whether he had given in any other paper to his Majesty than the Narrative on the table . To compel an answer from a peer , that House had not the right . If a commoner had refused to answer under such circumstances , he might have been compelled by the exercise of these coercive powers which that House possessed , but which were inapplicable to the case of a peer . Yet , if they could not oblige a peer to answer , they fortunately had the means to obtain all they wanted—the possession of the paper , if it existed . If such a paper had been put into his Majesty 's hands , and that House should vote the Address , he had no doubt , that his Majesty would cheerfully order that it should be laid before them . The House would recollect I he means it had resorted to in a former Inquiry , to come