to oppose this motion , would , he trusted , well weigh the reasons of their opposition , before they suffered themselves to be led into it . He intreated of them to examine their own minds , and see if they were not actuated , more or less , by party considerations , and not by feelings which should induce them to withhold their approbation from such distinguished merits of the soldier and the commander . He earnestly begged of gentlemen seriously to consider this ; and so extremely anxious was he to remove out of the way every disputable matter and question which could occur , that he should carefully abstain from every thing that in his view of the subject , could , by possibility , lead to any difference of opinion . With this view he should abstain from all mention of the general plan and conduct of the campaign , as well as from every thing else connected with it likely to give rise to difference , and should bring nothing within the view of the House , but the battle of Talavera itself . He should look at it with a view solely to the consideration of the ability of the general , matched only by the gallantry of the soldier , and of the gallantry of the soldier to be equalled only by the skill , ability , and enterprize of the general . He begged it , however , to be understood , that he did not give up the vindication of the whole campaign . He should be ready to assert the merits of it , whenever called on to do so ; and to maintain not only the policy of its plan and execution , but its actual utility to the general interests of the Spanish people . At present , therefore , he should only generally state the grounds on which he conceived our brave army entitled to the thanks of the House , and he would perhaps have to beg the indulgence of the House to reply to such objections as should be made . The splendid service done at Talavera was so great and so fresh in the recollection of the House , that it was unnecessary for him to go into particulars ; and he should consequently confine himself to a very few facts . Lord Wellington , after his return from the north of Portugal whence he had so gallantly expelled the French under Soult , proceeded to and arrived on the Tagus on the 12th of June . Here he halted till the 27th of the same month , and then broke up from Abrantes to Plasencia . On 279 his march , he was joined by Cuesta , with whom he settled a combined plan of operations in order to attack Victor , drive him beyond the Alberche , and defend the south of Spain . Connected , with this , a simultaneous movement on Madrid was to be made by Venegas and the army under his command . This movement , however , was not made . On the 27th , the French began the attack on the division under gen. Hill , posted upon a height . They were partially successful at first , but the manner in which they were immediately repulsed , and the position regained at the point of the bayonet , was fresh in the memory of everyone , and required no eulogy from him.— On the 28th , the attack was renewed on the whole British line , and was met with equal steadiness and gallantry . Never was there a more glorious display of valour and skill than that by which an army of double their numbers was repulsed by our brave troops , and a splendid victory was obtained ; a victory so decisive , so glorious , that there could not , by possibility , be a difference of opinion upon it in this country , in Spain , in Portugal , or even in France . He called , then , on the House to reward with its highest honours , this