only 9s . per coat , a reduction of be- 628 tween 50 and 60 per cent . This was a fact , beyond the power of dispute , and sorry he was that , in staling that reduction , he could not there stop—but there was yet remaining what , although he would not directly term it a job , something so very extraordinary , that he could not pass it over in silence . For those very coats which could now be afforded at the sum of 9s , there was charged for the process by which they are supposed to be rendered water-proof—how much ? —why no less than half a crown , almost one third of the original cost , when it is notorious that the process can be as completely effected for sixpence ! He had said that the coats thus supplied at 9s . were superior to those for which 16s . 6d . had been formerly paid , in proof of which he need only state , that the coats at 16s . 6d . had neither linings nor pockets , while those at 9s . have both , and are four inches longer ! It might be thought by some gentlemen that he had dwelt with too much minuteness on this subject—ho had been minute—he had , at the same time , been minutely accurate , and his object was to impress on the minds of the Committee the imperious necessity of military retrenchment in general—for he could assure them that when they come to examine other articles of military expenditure , with equal minuteness , they would find the contract for great coats an example , and that not an exaggerated one , of our general military expenditure . The same principle of expenditure obtained throughout the system , and the same system of retrenchment would be found correctly to apply to that important branch of national expenditure . In the estimate of the expenditure in the office of the secretary at war , he observed an excess of 10,872l . The noble lord had told them that there had been no change in the war office , but that different persons had been selected to accelerate the completion and passing of the complicated accounts of that office . Now those very persons had been at work for years , and , notwithstanding that , the accounts were yet in the utmost confusion—nothing had been done towards reducing them to order ; and yet , in 1808 , there were 113 efficient clerks in the war office ! Mismanagement there certainly must be somewhere , and he verily believed that not one-fifth of the regimental accounts were got through in any one year . He was extremely sorry to see also from the estimates , that the numbers of the foreign corps in our ser- 629 vice had increased , this was a principle and a practice which he should ever oppose . No less a sum than 30,000l . appeared on the face of the estimates , for recruiting the foreign corps . That such a sum should be required for such a purpose , excited alike his sorrow and his indiguation ! —but we could not now go into Spain and recruit from Dupont 's army . No fewer than 800 of Dupont 's army , who had been made prisoners , were taken out of Spanish jails , and incorporated into foreign corps in our service—these were some of the recruits with which our foreign corps were supplied . He had a very strong desire to know whether the duke of Brunswick 's corps , that has so recently been taken into our pay , had received any thing like bounty or recruiting money—such was the rumour , which , if true , was truly extraordinary—and he begged leave to put it to the noble lord whether such was the fact . If it were so , he should think it a very sufficient reason for putting an end at once to this species of recruiting . There was another item in the estimate , which to him