were imperceptibly taking place that were of an alarming nature ; the country was set thick with barracks , and foreign mercenaries were introduced daily , without exciting comment or curiosity . The regiment of the Duke of Brunswick Oels , who , immediately before , were stigmatised in the general orders of the Archduke Charles , as unfit to be employed , or serve with soldiers , were brought here to defend Englishmen—Englishmen wanted no such defence . He had to reprobate another monstrous innovation , hateful to the constitution , and destructive of our liberties , the practice of secret and solitary imprisonment . No power of despotism could invent what was more subduing to the mind of man , or odious to his feelings . Three warnings that he could state , would evince that there could be no apathy on such points ; at present he would forbear going into the subject . The insult to the city of London did afford a rallying point to every county in the empire , to support the right of petitioning and stand up together against despotism . If the king was not to be made acquainted with any thing , but through the polluted medium of his ministers , then were they on the brink of destruction , and all that remained of their freedom , and of their constitution , was lost . He was not one of those who could attribute all the misfortune and calamities of this reign to the influence of a malignant star—no star was necessary ; there was something wrong in themselves , 122 from which all these evils sprang . He could see in that room the root of all the evil . Here was the root ; and the branches spread over , and extended to every extremity of the country . Under their shade flourished no useful plants , nothing but noxious weeds . The fruits upon the boughs were tempting to the eye , but to the taste they betrayed the bitterness of ashes . They knew the passage to which he alluded , and also knew what it was said ought to be done to the tree which was not good . Our corruption interfered with every branch of the state—it injured our navy , our army , our commerce—and ministers , at any price , must have a majority in parliament.— ( Hear ! hear ! ) He had read of a Roman , whose unremitting advice to the senate was `` Carthage must be destroyed ; '' so would he return ever to the same point , `` This House must be reformed . '' called upon the House to observe the remarkable words made use of by the hon . baronet ; whenever he spoke of the House of Commons , the hon . baronet never condescended to call them the House of Commons , but in speaking of them , called them `` this assembly '' or `` this room , '' or `` this meeting : '' If by this , the hon . baronet meant to insinuate that they were not the legal and constitutional representatives of the people , he altogether dissented from any such monstrous doctrine , and gave it as his opinion , that the Reform recommended by the hon . baronet would only increase the danger it was designed to remedy . With respect to the Jubilee , he strongly reprobated the very improper terms made use of by the hon . baronet in his description of that memorable festival , where he spoke of it as forcing joy down the throats of the people ; never , he contended for it , was the popular affection of joy so spontaneous , so sincere , and so universal : coupling this with the `` malignant star , '' of which the hon . baronet spoke so eloquently , he wished to know if the reign of our beloved monarch , commencing in such an æra of national glory ; and with the gift to his people of a noble and honourable peace , partook of any portion