a favourite , might do what others could not , and ministers might try to persuade that House of their responsibility , when they knew that the very way in which they got into power was by means of their irresponsibility . Did ministers know of this paper or not ? —Did they know of this underhand accusation of Sir R. Strachan , who was called as a witness before them , without knowing that a paper containing insinuations against him , was lying in the king 's closet ? He was most ready to defer to the decision of the Speaker , but a question like this ought to be decided by the House itself . The right hon . gent . spoke lightly of impeachment ; but if the House did not impeach him and his colleagues , then all their rights and privileges were , indeed , gone . The right hon . gent . accused them of envying him the possession of his place . `` For all the gold , that human sinews , bought and sold , could ever earn , '' he would not be in his situation . They did , indeed , wish to turn him out , for the salvation of the country ; but even out of office , he trusted punishment would follow him . The way in which the paper came before the king , was unconstitutional , and ministers were not responsible , as they ought to be . in explanation , said , that when he was in office , he understood a narrative was to be delivered to his Majesty , but that it was to comprehend both the military and navy ; he assured the House it was not his suggestion . could not help considering the contents of this paper as a direct reflection upon the Commander in Chief of the naval part of the Expedition , who , would , he was satisfied , be found fully able to vindicate his conduct . As to the change which had taken place in the original plan of attack upon Walcheren , he was enabled to state , that that change was determined upon at Deal , in consequence of information there obtained ; and the determination , with the causes which recommended it , was communicated to lord Chatham , who fully approved of it . Therefore , if there was any blame imputable to the change , the noble lord must take his full share of it . The honourable officer dwelt upon the zeal , energy , and judgment displayed by Sir Richard Strachan , throughout the whole of the Expedition—upon his eagerness to consult , and his wishes to forward every suggestion of the noble earl from whom this statement proceeded . After such experience , he was surprised and sorry now to see the apple of discord thrown down . But neither the gallant admiral nor any member of the profession to which he had the honour to belong , could possibly allow such charges as this paper contained to pass unanswered or without the most scrupulous and comprehensive inquiry . disclaimed any intention , on the part of his noble friend ( lord Chatham , ) to reflect upon the navy , whose exertions he always applauded . But the Address referred to , his noble friend was impelled to present in consequence of the unfortunate letter from sir R. Strachan , dated the 27th August . observed , that it could not be unconstitutional for a minister to deliver a paper to his Majesty , or for a peer of the kingdom to go into the Royal closet . Lord Chatham was the only person responsible , and he could not shrink from that , as the House would make him so . could not agree in the principle laid down by the right hon . gent . who last spoke , as to the responsibility of lord Chatham . If the House thought proper to impeach the noble lord , what evidence of the narrative could they pro- 492 duce to the House of Lords