own conduct was attributable all the difficulty , distress , and odium , which attached to their condition and character . But he pitied that country which had the misfortune to be placed under the government of such men ; and if they retained that government long , he had no hesitation in saying , that England must be the victim of their discordance between each other , and their general mismanagement . Was it possible , he would ask , to reflect upon any part of their recent conduct without a disposition to censure—without a feeling of indignation ? How was their answer to the City of London to be accounted for ? Were they in the habits at all of consulting with each other ? Had they any conversation with lord Chatham , with the writer of the Narrative on the table , before they returned that answer . Did they not even meet at cabinet dinners ? They might have had their cabinet dinners , but if they went to cabinet suppers , let them go to one after this night 's debate , with what appetite they could . moved the order of the day for the second reading of the bill for preventing the granting of places in reversion . Such was his anxiety that no delay should occur in the discussion of this important question , that , although he now laboured under a severe indisposition , he could not bring himself to propose the postponing of the discussion to a future day . He trusted his indisposition would also plead his excuse for not entering at large into the arguments which might so obviously be 588 urged in its support . It was with pain he observed a disposition in some quarters to thwart , or by some stratagem to get rid of , the question . On its very first introduction into the House , an attempt was made by a noble lord ( Arden ) to strangle it in its very birth , by holding out that it was an infringement of the prerogative of the crown , and that as such it could not be entertained by the House before the assent of the crown had by some means been signified to it . The noble lord on the woolsack gave his countenance at the time to this opinion ; but he afterwards thought proper to retract it , and the opposition to the bill on that ground was withdrawn . So far it has weathered the formidable rock of the prerogative , and he trusted that it might now get safe into the desired port ; though he still had his fears that a storm from some other quarter would again arise to frustrate his expectations.—He hoped however that no attempt would be made to defeat the object of the bill by any compromise . Such an attempt would tend much to discredit the character of their lordship 's house in the eyes of the country . The country felt an uncommon degree of solicitude respecting the fate of the measure . It expected , and justly expected , while every description of his Majesty 's subjects were cheerfully submitting to the pressure of heavy burthens , and of severe privations of every sort , that some proof should be given that the crown and parliament feel for all they suffer , to maintain the arduous struggle in which we were engaged ; and above all , it expected that parliament should at last redeem the solemn pledge they had given of seeing some measure like the present carried into effect . He really was at a loss to see what serious objection could be raised to the adoption of it . The present was a time that particularly called upon their lordships for the adoption of such a salutary measure of Reform , and to prove that they were not inclined to slight the sentiments of the people . The noble earl here entered into an enumeration of the various steps that had been taken with respect to the bill , which had been sent up twice to