House , the merchants meant to be understood as impressed with a conviction , that , as the reserve had been made in the act , for putting an end to the charters granted by it , the period had arrived for acting upon that reserve . This they wished to have an opportunity to prove by evidence before a Committee They also desired to shew that they wanted some sufficient security in the course of their business in respect to insurances . If the underwriters wanted capital , they were driver to dispute the claims fop fair losses ; and this furnished an interior description of lawyers with opportunities of hunting out materials for vexatious litigation . All they wanted was to be allowed to prove 424 their case , and upon these grounds he should vote for the appointment of a Select Committee to examine into the matter . said , that the question before the House was whether the Petition in consideration should be referred to an open committee or to a select one . He was of opinion , that the most judicious mode of proceeding would be to refer it in the first instance to a Select Committee . He was fortified in that opinion by the analogous proceeding in the case of private bills , which were generally referred to the consideration of Select Committees . He thought , too , that a Select Committee was better calculated to consult the interests of the parties concerned , whether the gentlemen at Lloyd 's , the two insurance companies , or the public at large . Besides , he reminded gentlemen , that the adoption of the Select Committee , in the first instance , did not necessarily preclude them from subsequent proceedings in the open Committee , and that they might afterwards enter into the most enlarged and public discussion upon the merits of the question . Under these circumstances he expressed a hope that there would be no opposition to going into the Committee.—The gallery was then cleared for a division , when there appeared on the question for going into a Select Committee—Ayes 20—Noes 7 . The above numbers not being sufficient to constitute a House , it of course adjourned . rose to call the attention of the House to a very interesting subject which he thought demanded their most serious consideration . He had no other authority relative to the fact which he wished to bring under the observation of the House , than the statement he had seen in the public newspapers , that a sea captain , in the British service , had been lately brought to trial by a court-martial , for a most inhuman act of wanton and deliberate barbarity towards a British seaman on board his own vessel . It was stated that he had put this seaman ashore upon a barren rock in the Western Islands without provisions , and exposed him to perish by famine ; a circumstance which accidentally reached the knowledge of government through the 425 American newspapers . This officer was brought to trial by a court-martial , and on being proved guilty of the fact , he was merely sentenced to be dismissed the service . What the hon . baronet wished to know was , whether the government of the country meant to stop here with such a fact in proof before them , or , whether they meant to take any further steps upon a subject so disgraceful to the service , so materially interesting to the life and security of every seaman in his Majesty 's fleet ; a circumstance which , if so slightly passed over , might have the most serious effects in the naval service . As no farther , steps were taken , nor seemed to be intended by government , he felt it his duty , in his place as a member of parliament , to call the attention of the House to the subject . He hoped , however , that government would not allow it to pass over without taking some further steps ; for if such wanton and