a victory , where a retreat immediately followed , and the wounded and the prisoners fell into the hands of the enemy . The noble earl had dwelt , with much stress , upon the artillery taken on the spot—but the capture of artillery was not to be considered at all times as a signal of victory . It might have been convenient for the enemy to leave them on the field . As to the reinforcement of 30,000 men , which was advancing to support the French , why did not lord Wellington know of their situation , and the probability of their approach ? It was the duty of every general to have such information . He thought , when considering the amount of the British force in the Peninsula , and that only so small a portion of it was brought into action at Talavera , there was ground for reprehension ; and this conduct appeared perfectly conformable to the manner whereby the same general brought only half of his forces to act against the enemy at the battle of Vimeira . He had listened with attention to the observations of the noble earl , respecting the situation of the country , and he would only ask , how came it that we were so si- 137 tuated ? Why , the chief cause was the same with that which produced the disastrous consequences of our expeditions to Spain . It might be recollected that he had given his opinion , in a former session , that the most judicious disposal of our military force , in aid of Spain , would be to send them by ten or twenty thousand together , on board our fleets , for the purpose of being landed at any point where they might best conduce to the assistance of Spain and our Allies . It was his decided opinion that by such a mode of warfare , we might have relieved Gerona , which had withstood so long and glorious a siege . In addressing these observations to their lordships , he had explained his reasons for not acquiescing in the motion as to the noble general ; but , as to the army , it should meet with his entire approbation . was induced from considerations of duty , to rise on this occasion , and with whatever regret to state those reasons which led him to oppose this motion of thanks to lord Wellington . In the first , place , he was apprehensive that if the House were to be called upon to vote thanks for every instance of the display of valour , the proceeding would draw after it injurious results . The consequence would be , that if a single division exhibited proofs of determined bravery , their lordships would be called upon to vote away thanks , which was the highest honour they could bestow . Nay , the principle might be extended , and then the bravery of a single detachment , or an individual act of valour , would expect this high tribute of commendation . Whenever consequences no way beneficial , still more injurious , resulted to the country , from any operation of an army , whatever admiration might attach itself to the conduct of that army during such operation , he did not perceive the propriety of their being publicly thanked by the Parliament . The battle of Corunna , and the vote of thanks on that occasion , had been quoted as justifying a similar proceeding respecting Talavera : but , in his opinion , the former was not , on account of its consequences , entitled to that distinction , though certainly preferable to one under consideration . He wished to know from ministers whether or not , supposing the lamented sir John Moore had returned to this country after the battle of Corunna , they would have proposed a similar vote of thanks , passing over the , on his part , unblamable failure of success that occasioned that battle to be fought 138 there ? He had in a general view an objection to the