and disdain , for he certainly should contend , that not only was the paper introduced into the royal presence 486 unconstitutionally , but , as the House must have gathered from its contents , the character of the navy had been clandestinely undermined . He wished to know how it came into the possession of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ? ( From lord Liverpool 's office , was the answer across the table . ) Was , then , lord Liverpool the carrier of the paper ? If so , degraded indeed was the situation to which the noble lord was reduced , and no terms could express sufficiently strong the humiliation of ministers . Had the paper in question been presented in the ordinary and constitutional mode , through the Secretary of State for the war department , with whom alone the noble earl was directed , by his instructions , to correspond , it would , no doubt , have been communicated , by ministers , to the first lord of the Admiralty , who would have felt it equally his duty to have communicated its contents to sir Richard Strachan , and have apprized him that he was to be inculpated by the commander in chief of the land part of the armament for the failure of the Expedition , and the gallant admiral would thus be enabled to justify his character and conduct to his Sovereign and his country . But this secret practice of poisoning the royal breast with doubts and suspicions of his most approved and zealous servants , while it deprived them of the knowledge , and , of course , the means of repelling them , merited , in his opinion , impeachment . He trusted that the paper , though objectionable , and , therefore , inadmissible for its present object , would be forthcoming on a future day for that purpose . For his part he had no proposition to offer upon the present occasion , but he trusted , the House would come to some resolution , conveying , in the strongest terms of censure , their disapprobation of the conduct of ministers . contended , that there was no one circumstance connected with this paper for which there was not an adequate responsibility . If there was any thing culpable in the character or construction of the paper , was not lord Chatham responsible for it , and was not he himself responsible for the production of the copy to that House ? Why then , what could be pointed out that was in any degree unconstitutional in the whole proceedings ? Had not lord Chatham or any other individual a right to lay a paper before his Majesty ? Nay , had not any peer or privy counsellor a right to 487 demand an audience of his Majesty ? Then where was the unconstitutionallity complained of in this transaction ? As to the allusion which the last speaker had thought proper to make to impeachment , that he regarded merely as a bye word . He could assure the right hon . gent . and others , that neither in that House , nor out , would such allusions tend in any degree to promote the object which they had in view , in prosecuting this inquiry . was decidedly of opinion , that the proceeding under discussion was extremely unconstitutional . ( A laugh on the ministerial benches . ) This laugh was perfectly natural from those who were every day in the habit of treating the constitution with contempt . But what could be conceived more unconstitutional or unfair , than that of a military commander going into the king 's closet , without the knowledge of any minister , and presenting his majesty a paper justificatory of his own conduct , and criminatory of the conduct of his naval colleague ? If such a paper had been in the regular way presented through a responsible minister , it would be by him , as was his duty , submitted to the consideration of his colleagues , who , if they did their