and he has directed an arrangement to be made with the Portuguese government for extending his assistance to the maintenance of a body of troops , not exceeding 30,000 men . His Majesty trusts that his faithful Commons will enable him to carry this arrangement into effect . G. R. '' rose , and said , that in consequence of his Majesty 's most gracious Message , recommending to that House , the grant of a pension to lord Wellington , it would not be necessary for 441 him to trespass long upon the time of the Committee , in order to impress them with the propriety of adopting the motion he had to propose . He could certainly not anticipate any objection to that motion , which would have the effect of inducing the House to withhold its concurrence ; but in order to render the grounds upon which his motion was founded more clear , he should , in the first place , state to the Committee the circumstances under which it was brought forward ; and unless that House should be prepared to depart from its uniform and established practice in all similar cases , he was persuaded it would not dissent from the proposition with which he should conclude . The facts were these : his Majesty , as soon as the intelligence had been received of the brilliant , glorious , and decisive victory of Talavera , had conferred upon the gallant officer who commanded in that memorable action , the honour of a title—an honour to which all those who devoted their talents and lives to military pursuits , looked up with the most ardent and laudable anxiety—an honour , the proudest distinction that can be conferred on a brave soldier , the highest object of his generous ambition ; and at the same time the best reward of eminent services . In conferring this mark of his royal approbation and favour , his Majesty had thought it right to recommend by his Message to parliament , that it should be accompanied by a grant of some pecuniary pension , in the same manner as was usual in all such cases . In considering the propriety , and estimating the justice of the advice which had been given to his Majesty in both instances , it might perhaps be proper to confine the House to the simple consideration of the distinguished and exalted merit of the noble viscount upon the particular occasion . But it would neither be just to his Majesty nor to lord Wellington , that this should be looked upon in the same light as the case of an officer for the first time presenting himself , by his services , to the notice of his sovereign and the admiration of his countrymen . In estimating the claims of lord Wellington to the distinction conferred upon him , and the provision proposed to accompany it , they should look to what he had been—consider his past conduct , and derive , from his former distinguished services , strong accessary grounds of claims for his present honours and rewards . But tried even by the test of his late services , how did that gallant officer 442 present himself to his sovereign and his country ? He had , by the glorious operations he had conducted , and the victories he had achieved , he could not say raised , but certainly most eminently sustained the military renown of the army , and the unfading lustre of the British name and character . He presented himself to his Majesty , as the distinguished commander , who had already extended the glory of the British arms over the peninsula of India : he presented himself as the conqueror of Soult—and the general , who by the signal victories he gained in Portugal , expelled the French from that country , and rescued a kingdom , the rightful inheritance of our ally , from the grasp of the enemy . In short , he presented himself to his Majesty with such an accumulation of merits—such an aggregate of eminent services—such an unvaried career of