very kind ; and this too , for no other purpose than to shew that ministers had influence enough upon a new division , to set aside an order of the House . could not consent to give a silent vote on the present occasion . His noble friend ( lord G. L. Cower ) , he was satisfied , could not have been present at the beginning of the discussion , else he could not have thought the proposition of the noble lord opposite so very fair and reasonable . It might so turn out that the examination of lord Chatham might not be finished within the time appointed , and would it be consistent with justice to any of the parties , that the evidence should be interrupted the moment it was eight o'clock , probably in the midst of some important explanation ? saw no cause whatever , nor any change of circumstances since last night , that could make it necessary to forego the order agreed on . The House then divided upon the motion of lord Porchester.—For the motion 136 Against it 180 . Majority 44. then stated that the circumstances of England and Ireland were widely different . In Ireland there was a superabundant supply of grain ; in England and Scotland it was quite the reverse . It was not therefore his intention to move that the bill do extend to Ireland ; but in lieu thereof to move for the continuance of the act prohibiting the importation of spirits from Ireland . opposed the motion , as contrary to the letter and spirit of the act of Union , and to the vital interests of Ireland . When by the Union Ireland was merged into the united kingdom , and contributed but about a sixth to the representation of the whole in the imperial parliament , he thought it would be grossly unfair that the great mass of the representatives returned for England should take upon themselves to construe the act of Union according to what they conceived the spirit of it , and which construction was always to the disadvantage of Ireland . The imperial parliament had never yet interfered to construe * the act of Union favourably to Ireland , and in two markable occasions had construed it against the interest of Ireland . He had been represented as wishing to propose a war of prohibitions ; he had only said , that it would be just as fair that Ireland should prohibit the importation of those manufactures in which England happened to have the advantage , as that England should prohibit the importation of every thing in which Ireland happened to have any advantage . claimed precedence for the Resolution of which he had given prior notice , for extending the Bill for prohibiting the distillation from grain to Ireland.—After some conversation Mr. Rose acceded , and withdrew his motion for the present . The noble lord then moved a Resolution that the Bill do extend to Ireland . If there was such a superabundance of grain in Ireland his lordship asked , how it happened that special licences were granted to import grain into this country from France ? The plan was in itself bad , and almost afforded an answer to the allegation . He wished 542 to know what ill effects had resulted from the two years prohibition in Ireland ; and why there should be a different system in two countries united together ? He could not reconcile to himself how two measures so contradictory should be adopted at the same moment in two countries so contigions to each other , that the only difference in the expence of the article must consist in the cost of carriage ; his lordship understood that even in Ireland the people were fur from being unanimous against the restriction ; and of this he was certain , that the populous manufacturing districts of the north of England and Scotland would be greatly injured if the prohibition did not extend to Ireland . assured his noble friend , that he was misinformed as to the opinion of the people