the weight which any objections must have in such a case , when coming from an hon . general , who must be supposed to carry all those professional partialities about him , which would disincline him from obstructing , without strong grounds indeed , the honours of a distinguished brother officer . It was impossible not to hesitate , when the gallant general in the discharge of a public duty felt himself called upon , not only to refuse the thanks of that House to lord Wellington , but even to lend his countenance to the attempt to convert a vote of thanks into the heaviest censure that could be passed upon a most meritorious officer . He must protest in the outset against the practice of referring to the operations of a whole campaign on a question confined to the merits of a single but glorious and memorable action . But whilst he thus protested against such a principle , he felt that he should be doing great injustice to lord Wellington , if he omitted to enter upon the consideration of the whole campaign , the merits of which were such as to reflect the highest honour upon that noble officer . In April , lord Wellington found himself at the head of 25,000 men in Portugal . His instructions 289 directed him to rescue and defend Portugal , but . he was at liberty to combine , and co-operate in the execution of a plan of operations with any of the Spanish general in command of the armies in the adjoining provinces , always however looking to the defence of Portugal as the grand object of the Expedition and the most important duty he had to perform . Soult at that period occupied the North , whilst Victor , after hiving beaten Cuesta at Medellin , menaced the South of that kingdom . The wish to drive the enemy out of Portugal attracted his attention to the North : the entreaties of Cuesta invited him to act against Victor ; and his own anxiety to carry into speedy and full effect the instructions under which he was to act , rendered the option difficult . He , however , decided for the North , leaving 12,000 men , under general M'Kenzie , on the Tagus to watch the motions of the enemy in that quarter . He should not dwell upon the merits of the brilliant manner in which that service was performed ; because , though there might be persons in this country who might dispute the question , the enemy had done ample justice to the merits of that decisive operation by comparing it to the most brilliant achievements of their own emperor . After this signal service lord Wellington returned towards the South with the same celerity , which had marked his victorious progress against Soult . If he had then remained inactive at Abrantes , what would have been the feeling of his country ? What , indeed , had actually been that feeling ? Did not gentlemen remember how lord Wellington had been run down for his inactivity during the short time he remained at Abrantes to recruit and refresh his army ? They all saw from the statement in the public papers , from the very voice of the country at large , the impatience with which that short interval of repose was regarded ; the universal cry was , `` why did he stay at Abrantes ? '' He mentioned this circumstance , not to shew that the public cry should have any effect upon an officer , charged with the execution of an important trust , but merely to exemplify what difficulties an officer , so circumstanced , had to contend with , when the public voice might be urging him to an act which might afterwards be questioned , and imputed to him as an error . But if lord Wellington had advanced from Abrantes before the harvest had been collected in , neither his own troops , nor 290 those of Spain , with which he was to co-operate , could possibly have found subsistence .