express the deepest regret on his part for the outrage of which he had been guilty , and to request , in Mr. Fuller 's name that be might be discharged . As Mr. Fuller had thus expressed his regret for his conduct , and had thus apologized , he trusted the House would therefore think , considering all the circumstances of the disagreeable 645 occurrence , that it had expressed its sense of the impropriety of such conduct , in a manner sufficiently strong , and that enough had been done to support their dignity and authority . He concluded by moving , `` That Mr. Fuller be now discharged out of custody . '' was sure that the House must be aware how unpleasant it was to rise to speak in opposition to the most lenient proposal upon a personal question . But there were times and circumstances which required that those feelings should be surmounted , and which demanded that gentlemen should not shrink from a strict discharge of their duty , however unpleasant . It was hardly necessary for him , he trusted , to disclaim any personal hostility to the gentleman to whom this motion related ; but after the extraordinary , outrageous and highly aggravated insult which had been experienced by the House : an outrage the more serious as it had been committed within their walls ; and the more aggravated as it had been directed , not to the members alone , but to the person of the Speaker : after all these circumstances , he could not make up his mind to pass the matter over with so slight a punishment ; no more indeed than what might be suffered by any of the members if a quarter of an hour behind his time on a call of the House . The House would , no doubt , recollect that a committal to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms often took place upon being a few minutes behind their time at election ballots . It was impossible for him , therefore , consistently with his sense of what was due to the House and the Speaker , to suffer such outrageous conduct to pass with so slight a mark of the resentment of the House . did not at all feel upon the subject as the noble lord appeared to do . He agreed with him that the outrage was of the most extravagant nature : but even the very extravagance of it evinced that the gentleman who had committed it was in a state , which ought to prevent the House from inflicting any severe punishment . The noble lord mentioned , that what Mr. Fuller had already suffered was nothing more than what was often inflicted upon members who happened to be five minutes behind their proper time on a call of the House . But did the noble lord really think that there was any thing analogous in the two cases ? The time of confinement was indeed the same ; but here the 646 House had expressed the strongest sense of the misconduct of Mr. Fuller , and in this the great punishment consisted . If they should continue the confinement farther , the only satisfaction they could have , after all , would be an apology for the offence , and that had now been given . He could not help also adding , that to whatever extent the outrage had been carried , yet almost instantly , on that very night , the gentleman had repented , and had authorised a friend to make his apology . It could hardly have been expected , that the House would then have been satisfied with it . Now , however , the regret expressed , and the apology made , ought he thought , to induce the House to consent to his discharge . As to the alledged offence against the Chair , he really could not see that there was any personal offence to the Speaker , separate from the outrage which had been committed against the House . There was no offence against the