. All these branches of the establishment required to be carefully looked into and adequately corrected . could easily conceive the disappointment which any gentleman must experience when his hopes were not realized with respect to the comparative effect . It was easy for those who had not the execution of the plans , and , consequently , not the necessary connection with the offices , to think that their plans might be without difficulty 616 carried into effect . With respect to one of the objections , as to the purchase of cavalry horses at two years old , it must be evident to the Committee that if these horses were to be purchased at four , five , or six years old , when fit for service , a sum must be given greater than what they originally cost , and perhaps when wanted they could not be obtained . It therefore was a mistaken notion of economy to suppose that the public would be benefitted by the purchase of horses at a more advanced age . As to doing away the waggon train altogether , the noble lord in command of the army in Portugal considered them of material service in that country ; the Committee would not think therefore that government had done wrong in retaining five companies in that kingdom , and two at home to recruit . With respect to the Manx Fencibles , it was only at the express desire of the commander in chief that the whole had not been disbanded , for he had stated that if they were , regular troops must be found to do their duty . It was the duty of government to pay attention to his representation . It would be found , that lord Liverpool had directed the return to be made ; but upon inquiry it was discovered that the Manx fencibles were not under the management of the Secretary of State , and consequently he had no information to give the noble lord . At the same time he regretted that the information had not been sought out in some other quarter . As to the staff of the army , in two or three instances the increase of staff to rank , had increased the pay . If the hon . general opposite ( Tarleton ) had been improperly left on the staff , he assured the noble lord that he had no disposition to let him remain on account of any assistance he could or would give him in the House . He had no expectation of reaping benefit from his services in this quarter . With respect to the complaint of the hon . general ( Gascoyne ) of the arrears of military pay , he had to assure the hon . general , that arrangements were forming which would obviate that difficulty , and he thought he had before sufficiently explained on the subject of bat and forage money . On the complaint of the pay of the British officers being subject , when out of the country to the income tax , as the law at present stood , there was some doubt on it , but he should think it necessary to recommend to parliament to make some provision for reme- 617 dying that complaint . As to the wine allowances , that would attach only to those places where the wine duty was payable , consequently would not interfile with foreign nations . But , as to the general principle upon which these estimates had been framed , he could assure the Committee that every care had been taken to retrench all unnecessary expenditure , and that there was every disposition on the part of the government to confine themselves within the strictest rules of economy . defended himself from the imputation , which he conceived had been cast upon him by a noble lord relative to the district over which he held a command . Since he had entered upon that command he had made a considerable redaction in the number of officers under him . He had been called from an active and honourable