The principle upon which lord Wellington had acted and was expressly instructed to act , was in the first instance to provide for the defence of Portugal , by the expulsion of the French corps from that country . Having accomplished that object , he was bound to co-operate with Cuesta , so far as that was practicable without losing sight of the defence of Portugal . In proceeding to Talavera . Lord Wellington expected to give such a shock to Victor 's corps , that it would not easily recover from , before he should be re-summoned to the defence of the north of Portugal . This advance to co-operate with Cuesta , for the purpose of securing for the Spaniards the line of defence on the Lower Tagus , was connected with the main object of relieving Portugal from the pressure of Victor 's army . The victory he gained gave to Spain the line of the Tagus , had the effect of producing the evacuation of the Northern provinces , and enabled our allies to rescue from the grasp of their invaders , the fleet stationed at Ferrol , which was now safely moored at Cadiz . If lord Wellington had not been prevented by the infatuation of the Spanish general , from attacking Victor on the 23d , there was every reason to suppose that he would have obtained a glorious and decisive victory , in which case the junction which had afterwards been effected of French corps would have been prevented , and the allied army in a condition to make head against the enemy in any direction . But though lord Wellington had advanced into Spain under a determination to co-operate with Cuesta only so far as was compatible with the security of Portugal , he was not bound necessarily to avoid Madrid if a favourable opportunity of effecting a decisive blow there , should have been presented to him . Besides he could state it as a positive fact that before he left Abrantes , he had heard of the battle of Aspern , and must naturally have concluded , that that was the moment at which Spain would be likely to make an effort for her liberties , if any effort she was determined to make . His object , therefore , was to assist Spain as much as possible in that most critical juncture , and , at the same time , to keep in view the defence of Portugal , which was the principal object of his attention : and so far was he from abandoning , that 291 object on his advance into Spain , that , as he had already stated , he told Cuesta that he could not go farther with him than the Alberche , until he should be apprised of the situation and designs of the French armies in the North . So , far , therefore , from being ignorant upon this point , or having acted without the necessary intelligence , as he had been charged with , he actually limited his operations , in consequence of his information.—He had now brought the operations down to the situation of the British Army at Talavera , previous to the battle . Not only the Spanish army under Cuesta was to have co-operated with the British army with which it had formed a junction , but the corps of Venegas , as Cuesta informed lord Wellington , was to move simultaneously upon Arganda , and make a diversion in favour of the operations of the allied army . Instead , however , of proceeding in that direction which would have enabled Venegas to prevent General Sebastiani 's force from uniting with Victor 's , he unfortunately advanced to Toledo , which left the enemy at liberty to concentrate all his forces and bring the whole combined to bear upon the British Army . Here be would beg of those gentlemen , who regarded the movement of lord Wellington as so rash , to look a little at the movement of Soult , and consider but for a moment the peculiar circumstances that attended it .