wish it to be in the service of the land of their birth and their affections ; and that the loyalty and devotedness of such of their communion as have been admitted to fill inferior situations only in his Majesty 's service stand unimpeached , and are not surpassed by any other denomination of his subjects ; this consideration alone , as affording a pledge of what their conduct would be in the higher offices in the state , should silence the adversaries of their claims , and must , the , petitioners humbly conceive , have due weight with the House ; and that they approve , in all its parts , of the Petition to be preferred by their brethren the catholics of Dublin , and pray the House , that they may be considered as united with them in their temperate and constitutional demands ; and therefore praying the House , to take into their most serious consideration the nature , extent and operation of the aforesaid penal laws , and , by repealing the same altogether , to restore to the catholics of Ireland those liberties so long withheld , and their due share in that constitution which the petitioners , in common with their fellow-subjects of every description , contribute , by taxes , arms and industry , to sustain and defend . `` —Ordered , to lie upon the table . said , he would shortly state to the Committee , the object he had in view . Every gentleman , who was acquainted with the state of Ireland , knew that the increase of illicit distillation had become prodigiously great , ever since the prohibition of the distillation from grain ; indeed , he imputed the alarming increase principally to that measure , as farmers encouraged the illicit trade in order to procure a market for their produce . So greatly had this private distilling trenched upon the lawful trade , that , in 1807 , the quantity of spirits distilled by the open distilleries , was six millions of gallons , and the revenue 1,230,000l . while , in the last year , it had scarcely been so much as one forth of that quantity . The inference that he drew from this was , that the vacuum , or intermediate quantity , between 1807 and 1809 , was supplied by the illicit distillation . It was therefore necessary to look for remedy to a radical change in the system of Irish revenue , in so far as was connected with the distilleries . When he came into office , he found the system on which he had since acted in full force . It Was on a wise principle , and went to encourage large stills as the means of inducing parties possessed of extensive capitals to enter into the trade . However good the principle might be , it had failed in Ireland , and the illicit traffic was carried on by small stills to an almost incredible pitch . His first object , with a view to surmount this evil , would therefore be to promote the dispersion of legal small stills , all over the country . He did not mean to discourage the large stills , but merely to give an equal chance to the small ones , by discontinuing the bounties to the former . This had partly been done in 1806 , and the reduction that then took place might fairly be considered , by the great distillers , as the notice to which they were entitled , after embarking in a speculation on the authority of government , to pursue , another system . His second object would be to do away the apprehension that existed in the minds of those ready to commence distillation on a limited plan , that they would be compelled to work off in a limited time . In this point , limitations similar to those which existed in Scotland would be adopted , and stills would be averaged at 150 gallons , unless their capacity exceeded that quantity . He ac- 654 knowledged that there were some grounds