of admiral lord Gambier , for their gallant and highly meritorious conduct on that glorious occasion , particularly marked by the brilliant and unexampled success of the difficult and perilous mode of attack by fire-ships , conducted under the immediate direction of capt . lord Cochrane . 3 . That this House doth highly approve of and acknowledge the services of the seamen and royal marines on board the ships under the command of admiral lord Gambier , in the late glorious and successful attack on the French fleet in Basque roads , and that the captains and commanders of the several ships do signify the same to their respective crews , and do thank them for their meritorious and gallant conduct . '' warned the House , that even its verdict was not conclusive upon character ; that , there was another tribunal to which even that House was amenable , and that the public would exercise a judgment , if the House would not exercise one . He still required to know what part of lord Gambier 's exploit deserved the thanks , or what had been his exploit . He lay at a distance ; he never brought his fleet into the place of action , or of danger ; and yet he was for this supineness to receive the highest honours of the country . The ground of ministers was childish and frivilous ; that in truth where the subordinates deserved praise , the superiors must receive it . Was admiral Parker thanked for his bravery at Copenhagen ? But the public would take the question into its own hands . The public would read the Minutes , though the House might not ; the public would judge from the facts , though the House 245 might not ; the public would not submit to have their eyes bound , because the House chose to keep theirs shut . Let a single reason for the thanks be adduced , and he was ready to vote for them . He could not condescend to call those arguments , which had already been obtruded on the House , reasons . Mr. Speaker ; I rise to declare my opinion , that admiral lord Gambler is as fully entitled to the thanks of this House as any commander in chief could be for the performance of a service such as that we now deliberate upon ; and therefore , as thanks to his lordship have been proposed , I shall vote for them . Sir , I entertained this opinion of lord Gambier 's conduct in the service alluded to before the prorogation of Parliament , and their lordships of the admiralty appeared to do the same . I could not , therefore , but much regret the cause which prevented the proposition for thanks being submitted to parliament when first intended , as at that time the service was fresh in the recollection of the community . desired to know whether the service of lord Gambier was worthy of the thanks of parliament , admitting it to have all the value that could be attributed to it , by any thing but the unblushing and profuse spirit of ministerial favouritism . He would ask whether , on the other hand , there was not the full and decided testimony of a man adequate to give his judgment , and of whose admirable valour and good fortune the House and the nation had but one opinion . He felt that in making these remarks , he might be treading on perilous ground . He was probably bringing upon himself some charitable remarks , particularly those of a gentleman , whose charity was of a very peculiar nature . But he was careless about such remarks ; he deprecated that person 's charity ; he would not shun , he would rather solicit his hostility . Had there been any thing said to make out a reason for the vote which was demanded of them on that night ? Where was the evidence of intrepidity or skill , of that boldness which bursts its way through all obstacles ; of