in their recollections , that the sixth report of the commissioners of military inquiry had stated , that the war office could not get through their business , on account of the vast increase of it from the protracted state of the war . An arrangement was made accordingly ( which arrangement had been maturely considered by the predecessor in office of the noble lord ) , tending to accelerate the passing of accounts , and this was to be effected by dividing the business of examining accounts from the other public business . A new office was built , and three intelligent men , well acquainted with the war office business , were selected to superintend the new establishment , which consisted of an augmented number of clerks , being twenty-four . There was reason to hope that the greatest benefit could be derived , in respect of the quick dispatch of the army business , from this new establishment . The office of examiner of army accounts had been abolished , and a saving of 450l . procured for the public . Mr. Moore , the under secretary , retired on a salary , which , including the 800l . he receives from the foreign office , makes his income 1800l . per annum . Mr. Merry , in consequence of the recommendation of the commissioners of inquiry , relinquished the situation which he held of purveyor of coals to the garrison of Gibraltar , which produced him 750l . a year . In the quarter-master-general 's office there was a small increase of 877l . for maps , plans , & c. necessary for the service of the army . 612 The next head of increased expence which the noble lord noticed , was the army medical department . A board of general officers had sat for the purpose of devising some plan for making the medical board more beneficial in future , and it was suggested that the department should be under the controul of a director-general , and three principal inspectors . These gentlemen were required to give up their private practice , and as a remuneration for the sacrifice an increase of salary was to be given ; it had also been recommended to discontinue the office of inspector of hospitals at home , as being quite unnecessary . The next head was that of the half-pay and military allowances . On the half-pay there was an addition of 340l . On the head of Chelsea hospital , a decrease of 5,337l . On that of out-pensioners , a decreased charge of 81,592l . But there would have been an increase of 18,000l . had it not been for the appropriation of 100,000l . unclaimed prize-money to this head of service . Under the head of widows ' pensions , the increased expense was 6,641l . There would appear in the volunteer corps , a decrease of 131,250l . arising from the discontinuance of many of the corps and the transfer of others to the local militia . In the local militia there were 25 additional corps , but the reduction of expense was 576,153l . and hereafter it would be still more . It was however but fair to say , that this was in part owing to the sum of 417,000l . not being voted this year for clothing . The rest was from the number of days of training for the privates being reduced from 28 to 22 . Under the head of foreign corps , there was an addition of 975 men , and of expense 34,770l . from the taking into British pay the corps of the duke of Brunswick . Under the next head , the royal military college , the increase of expense was 40,972l . of which 40,000l . was for the erection of a new college at Marlow . The expense of the royal military asylum was also increased 2,547l . from the addition of 156 children . The head of charge for retired chaplains and clergymen was diminished 7,131l . and in hospital expenses 97l . was saved . On the compassionate list the