juries . Whatever might be the limits applied to discretion , there must still be a gradation 373 not only of offences , but of guilt in different perpetrators of the same legal offence , and there must necessarily exist in some living tribunal a power to proportion the punishment to the degree of moral guilt . The right hen . Gent . then reverted to the vindication of the doctrines of Dr. Paley , and after stating to them to be impregnable to assault , and unaffected by the arguments of his hon . and learned friend , he concluded by saying , that the best defence he could make for Dr. Paley would be to leave his writings to vindicate themselves , and expressing a hope that gentlemen would consider them attentively before they should decide upon the measures , which his hon . and learned friend proposed for their adoption . said a few words in support of the motion . thought that a question involving not only the lives of many individuals , but the rights and properties of all his Majesty 's subjects , ought to be considered with the most deliberate attention . His hon . and learned friend might have alluded to him , when he adverted to those who were friendly to existing systems , and adverse to innovations . He was ready to admit , that he was attached to the existing system of law , and extremely jealous in his views of any new theories . Whether the doctrines were derived from Smith , or from Paley , he was not disposed to give up practical benefits for plausible advantages . He considered the proposition as calculated not for its particular object , but to cast discredit and odium on the whole body of the criminal law . The argument of his hon . and learned friend went to cut up by the root all discretion in the judges , because it went to confine that discretion within certain limits , at the same time that it professed to extend the discretion of the jury . did not think any large portion of the hon . and learned gent . 's speech relevant to the question . He contended , that his hon . and learned friend , so far from trusting to theory , had confined his statements and reasonings to facts ; and that what the hon . and learned member had attributed to theory was only an inference from facts . His hon . friend had never had an idea of giving way to wild , extravagant , and visionary schemes of theoretical perfection , in the motion he had made , but had founded both his reasoning and proposition on the evidence of facts . The whole foundation of the mo- 374 tion of his hon . and learned friend , rested upon the inconvenience of the present practice . He did not mean to make any charge against the learned gent . ( the Solicitor General ) but he was of opinion , that the whole of his argument went against any amelioration whatever . defended the principles and arguments laid down by his hon . and learned friend ( the Solicitor General . ) He could not concur in the views of his hon . and learned friend the mover . If a discretion were to be left in any quarter , he did not know where it could , more safely be vested than with the judges . He admitted that what had been stated by his learned friend , formed a fair case for the consideration of the House . And , though he should not oppose the motion , he would not pledge himself in either way as to his future opinion upon the measure . , in a brief reply in which he did not feel it necessary to touch upon any argument against his motion , complained of the misrepresentations of his sentiments which had proceeded from a right hon . gent . not then in his place , ( Mr. Windham ) . He had never abused the