to point out , in modern times , one of a more brilliant and distinguished character . It would require more ingenuity to do this , than the hon . general appeared to him to have yet displayed . Never , perhaps , was so close an action , so vigorously maintained or so long contested . It often was the case that some fortunate event suddenly and unexpectedly turned the fate of the field , without any long continued exertion of the powers of the armies ; the battle of Talavera was not of that description , as every inch of ground was disputed , and it was by a long and bloody perseverance , and that against superior numbers , that the fortune of the day was decided . By the same unfortunate fatality , however , by which Spanish councils were characterised , the advantage of the victory was not improved . The attack was commenced at one o'clock in the day , and it was at the close of evening that that great exploit in the recovery of his former position was performed by general Hill , which was , no doubt , in their recollections . Night interrupted the conflict , and the two armies remained in their positions in sight of each other waiting the return of light to renew the battle . It was during that awful interval that the distinguished general at the head of the British army enjoyed some repose , and sound it was known to have been , a repose , which none but a great man could enjoy during the short but anxious intermission of an obstinate and sanguinary battle . From this sound repose lord Wellington rose in the morning of the 28th to a renewal of the engagement and a further display of his own ability and the resistless intrepidity of his gallant army . The contest was then continued till twelve o'clock , when an interval of two hours rest from the work of destruction , was employed by the troops on both sides in removing their respective dead from the scene of action ; and then it was that those whose arms were before uplifted for mutual havock met at the stream which intervened between their mutual positions , and shook hands in token of their reciprocal admiration of the bravery , and skill and firmness displayed on both sides . 294 He had to congratulate the country upon the restoration of that generous feeling and high spirit which had heretofore characterised the conduct of soldiers in civilised warfare.—He congratulated the country on this circumstance ; he congratulated the world , that , in these days , the rage of war did not subdue and extinguish those feelings of generosity which were the ornament of human nature ; and that if some of our brave troops did fall into the hands of the enemy , they fell into the hands of an enemy who knew how to respect them . To say that such an effort of skill and ability , such an acquisition of British glory , was not calculated to call forth the admiration of the House of Commons , was an attempt to introduce a feeling into that House , which he conceived it the duty of every member to resist . The loss of that day was much dwelt upon—the loss of that day he regretted as much as any man , but he deprecated that mode of painful searching , which was calculated to injure and unnerve the military energy of the country ; if such feelings were to become general , they would be reduced to the necessity of ceasing altogether from opposition to the French , and giving up the character which they were so well calculated to maintain—that of a great military power . But the gentlemen who dwelt so anxiously upon this head , were in the habit of running away from the fact . There was no circumstance more to the honour of lord Wellington , than that such a difficult and enterprising campaign was concluded with such little comparative loss . This was