man who had scarcely escaped the censure of that House for his cruel tyranny ! —the man who had assailed the press , the sacred palladium of the people ! the friend of despotism—the foe to liberty . Good God ! could this man say to Buonaparté , in the noble indignation of insulted virtue , `` I have not done as you have ? '' 93 Alas , if such a man had strength , he would indeed be a fearful acquisition to such a government ; but he was known , and therefore weak and harmless . Peace should be the cry of the nation . Peace—particularly because the thraldom of millions of our fellow-subjects was the tenure by which this incapable Junta held their offices . `` It has been said by our enemy , ( said Mr. W. ) that the genius of France guided our armies . Alas ! it now presides in our cabinet ; for surely , whether we consider their ignorance , their imbecility , their bigotry , or the fate with which Providence visits all their measures , our enemy , had he the nomination , could not select men more suitable to his ends , or more pernicious to our interests . '' then rose , and said , that the hon . gent. , who had just sat down , had urged it , as a serious charge against him , that he had not taken an earlier part in the debate , and accused him of disrespect to the House , in having remained so long silent . But no sooner had the hon . gent , preferred that charge , than he put a variety of questions to him , to which he demanded a categorical answer . The best answer , that could be given to this charge , had been supplied by the hon . gent , himself , viz . that being , '' to use his mother tongue , `` under many indictments , and each indictment consisting of many counts , '' it was not unnatural , it was not inconsistent with common justice , that he should be desirous to hear those indictments and the arguments and proofs , by which they were supported , before he should plead or enter upon his defence . When the House recollected that it was not until he heard the hon . gent. , that he could be aware of many of the questions , which he had to answer , or of many of the indictments against which he had to defend himself , it would , he was sure , acquit him of any thing like intentional disrespect , for not having risen sooner . It was , in point of fact , because he expected to hear from the hon . gent. , and some of those who sat near him , all those charges which he should have to answer , that he had not offered himself to the attention of the House at an earlier period of the debate . There was also another reason why he wished to hear the hon . gent , and others , on that side of the House , before he rose ; he wished to know whether the Amendment which they had proposed was all the amendment which they meant to offer to the Address , or 94 whether they meant to propose any other alterations . The Amendment which had been proposed only applied to that part of the Address which related to the tender of papers respecting the expedition to Walcheren , and would of course leave untouched all the remaining parts of the Address . He was anxious to know , therefore , whether the gentlemen on the other side had made up their own minds as to what they wanted the House to do upon this occasion—whether they had any other Amendments to offer ? If they had , they were bound in common candour , though not perhaps in strict form , to state at once what were their intentions . It appeared to him rather extraordinary