the pamphlet that had been mentioned , said it contained gross and palpable misstatements . The emoluments of the King 's advocate were therein stated to amount to from 25,000l . 477 to 30,000l . per annum . Such unfounded reports going abroad , could not fail to excite discontent among the people , and dissatisfaction in the navy . The whole of the emoluments of the King 's advocate did not exceed 7,000l . per annum ; and a large portion of that did not arise from the navy , but from business for the crown relating to the excise , customs , & c. So that he thought he should be pretty nearly correct if he were to state the amount of his emoluments arising from the navy at 4,000l . But if the income arising from matters relating to the navy were as great as the sum he had first named , it would hardly be thought too much , when it was considered that great abilities were necessary in the person holding the situation , when vigilance , assiduity , and method were requisite , and the most unremitting attention of mind , while at the same time a great responsibility was incurred . The gross misrepresentation in this instance contained in the book alluded to , was sufficient to enable them to form some judgment of the other parts of it and he could take upon himself to say , that in no instance did it approach so near to the truth as it did in that . The King 's proctor received no emolument but what he officially received from the board . It was a singular circumstance , but not more singular than true , that his fees were actually less than they were in the American war . The charges of the King 's proctor were not greater than those of any other proctor , and he did not think they ought to be ; he ought to act with liberality ; but , admitting his charges were exorbitant , the course the aggrieved party ought to pursue was obvious . Why not appeal to the judge ? The omission to adopt this remedy was a pretty strong proof of the non-existence of the abuse . Government certainly ought at all events to indemnify those who captured the vessels.—He then went into a detail of the circumstances under which 30 per cent . was granted from the captors for the condemnation of prizes . A number of vessels had been detained . They were under Prussian colours , and no means were possessed of proving they belonged to the enemy , when a person abroad offered to prove that they did . The party was directed to appear with his documents to prove the fact . He did so , his proofs were satisfactory , and the vessels were condemned . He claimed an allowance of 30 per cent . for his services . It was thought advisable to keep on good terms with him , 478 at all events , as otherwise no further information could be expected fróm that quarter , his demand was complied with . How could they do better for the captors ? had they not availed themselves of his services , they could not have gained for the captors the 70 per cent . they received , as they could not have proved that the vessels in question were not neutral bat enemy 's property . Nothing could be more injurious to the interests of the navy itself , than permission to the captors of ships to choose their own proctor , and nothing could be more fatal to the commercial interests of the country . The judge advocate on such occasions had not the power of influencing or of keeping back evidence , nor had he an interest either way , It was no matter to him to whom the prizes were condemned . Lest the court should have an improper bias in favour of the Crown , the papers were given to the junior advocate , who , if his interference became necessary ,