bravery of the British soldier , and earned for his troops the just and well merited praise which we had been accustomed to give to our armies when they meet the enemy ! That army retreated from the scene of its triumphs : but there was no shame in a retreat like theirs . We were still a civilized people ; we had not learnt to discard our humanity ; we had not yet reconciled ourselves to throwing off the burden of human feelings , that we might go on light and dexterous to the work of human misery . We could not adopt the summary-expedients of modern war ; we could not involve the wretched peasant in the calamities from which our own privation may spare him . We could not bring ourselves to force its bread from the lip of poverty ; we could not feed upon requisition , and calculate our revenue upon plunder . Our army will not subsist where the troops of the enemy will riot . A British force could not glut on the wretchedness of a suffering people ; a British army could not , on entering a plundered town , strip the miserable inhabitants of the scanty remnant which rapacity itself had left them . Whatever might be said of the British army in Spain , or of its commanders , it had afforded to that people a glorious example , which he hoped , in future days would be equalled , but could never be excelled.—To the affairs of America it might be indecorous for him in their present situation to advert , nor should he , after the observations in his majesty 's Speech , enter into any inquiry as to the conduct of the Ministers . If the honour of the nation were at stake , however we might regret the revival of hostilities , or the injury to our trade , it could not be a matter of hesitation . But of the effects a war with America might produce upon the commerce of this country , we might be able to 43 form some judgment from former experience . During the embargo , the amount of the exports to and imports from the United States was unquestionably decreased , but this loss was amply counterbalanced by the direct trade carried on by our merchants to Spain and her dependencies . England desired neither peace nor war , but she would suffer no indignity , and make no unbecoming concessions . With every engine of power and perfidy against us , the situation of this country had proved to Buonaparté , that it was invulnerable in the very point to which all his efforts were directed . The accounts of the exports of British manufactures would be found to exceed , by several millions , those of any former period . With regard to our internal condition , while France had been stripped of the flower of her youth , England had continued flourishing , and the only alteration had been the substitution of machinery for manual labour.—The hon . member begged to be allowed to say a few words upon the nature of the Address he rose to second . In his opinion , it contained nothing which could prevent its unanimous adoption . It had been prepared to obviate all objection ; it called for no pledge to approve of what had passed , and opposed no impediment in the way of inquiry ; but he feared that some objection would , notwithstanding , be raised to it , for the aggression , usurpation , and tyranny of Buonaparté was the only subject upon which all parties united . But to resist him in his encroachments effectually , unanimity was absolutely necessary , and the nature of the contest in which we were engaged , required that every heart and hand should be joined to give strength to the common cause . He hoped , we should still be able , as we had hitherto been , to ride in safety through the storm that had destroyed the rest of Europe , and that we should