. The enemy 's ships were seen by hundreds , coasting along by means of these licences , in perfect security , and even filled the river Thames , contrary to the Navigation Act : thus raising sailors for Napoleon , to whose commerce and navy our ministers were the best friends . He concluded by moving for a Copy of the Agent 's Accounts from the Registrar 's Office , for a certain period , respecting a number of ships which his lordship specified ; together with several other papers . He would call the attention of the House to the subject of Greenwich Hospital at another opportunity . asked how the Court of Admiralty could possibly be answerable for such accounts of the agents ? What ground could there be then for the indiscriminate charge made by the noble lord ? And yet the contents of papers or accounts for which the Court of Admiralty could not be held responsible , had been the ground on which the noble lord founded all his invective . The noble lord was a prompt accuser . He had been an accuser not alone of individuals , but an accuser of courts of justice . He had , however , been an unfortunate accuser ; and he ( sir W. Scott ) pledged himself , by all the credit which he might have obtained during the many years that he had sat in that House , that the noble lord would prove as unfortunate in this accusation as in any preceding one . would assure the noble lord and the House , that no man was more dis- 473 posed than himself to agree to the production of any papers by which the interests of the Navy might be benefited . He was satisfied , however , that when the papers moved for should be produced , the conduct of the High Court of Admiralty would be found most unobjectionable . The noble lord had poured out a torrent of abuse most unprecedented on a motion for papers only , and before the House had the documents before them that could enable it to form a correct judgment upon the subject . This was a subject which he had investigated with a care and attention for which he supposed the noble lord would not give him credit . He had bestowed upon it many days and many nights , and he was convinced that if the noble lord were to succeed in throwing abroad into other hands the business which was now confined to the King 's Proctor , he would extremely injure the interests of the Navy , depreciate the character of the country , unnecessarily annoy the neutral trader , and very much embarrass the British merchant . He defied the noble lord to find a single instance in which the charges made by the King 's Proctor were higher than those which would have been made by any other Proctor in Doctors ' Commons . As to Agents ' accounts , it certainly did happen , that after those accounts were made up , Naval officers seldom took any trouble to examine them . Soon after he became Treasurer of the Navy , it had been strongly represented to him that many abuses existed in this respect . He had consequently inquired into the subject , and had had no less than 153 of these cases before him , nine of which were now before the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty , in consequence of the enormous charges which the accounts contained . In one case , the charges of an Agent at Portsmouth , who had 62,000l . to distribute , amounted to 9,462l . of which sum 1,200l . was stated to be for postage ! In another instance , 1,250l . had been charged by an agent when not a shilling had been paid . Large sums too were kept in hand by these agents for many years , the accumulated interest of which was lost to the rightful owners . Feeling sensibly that the navy suffered deeply for want of somebody to look