question , that Mr. Alderman Combe be one of the Committee . Ayes 117 ; Noes 104 ; Majority 13. moved for several papers relative to Mr. Erskine 's negotiations in America , consisting of dispatches from Mr. Canning to Mr. Erskine , containing instructions , & c. ; dispatches from the latter to the former ; and letters 266 from Mr. Erskine to the American secretary of state . Understanding there was no objection to their production , he should not take up the time of their lordships by making any prefatory observations . had no objection to the production of the papers moved for by the noble earl ; the transaction to which they referred being a thing past , no public inconvenience could now result from producing them . It might , perhaps , be necessary that some further papers should be produced : and if , upon investigation , he should find it so , he would move for them on Monday . said , that he was glad the papers were to be produced . He had some particular reasons for rising on this occasion to address a few observations to their lordships ; considering the connection he stood in to that very near relation of his , who was intrusted by Government with the American negotiation . There was only one small piece of paper which would appear when the papers were produced , of which he knew any thing . He declared upon his honour , that he had never seen the instructions , nor was consulted nor acquainted with the particulars of the transaction . It had been said , that from his known difference in politics with the present administration , it was likely , that the gentleman who was entrusted with the negociations , had acted under the impression of political principles different from those of the government which employed him in so important a situation . In his name , he ( lord Erskine ) took upon himself publicly to disavow such a feeling and such conduct . If he could have believed that ; such were the case—if he thought that he could have acted upon opinions of his own , contrary to those of that government of which he was only the instrument and agent , then , nearly as he was connected with him , he should not only have reprobated his conduct , he should never again have spoken a word to him in the whole course of his life . His lordship said he came into that House , free from any private considerations , to the discussion of the business respecting America , and to give his opinion and his vote , as a statesman and a peer of parliament , with a view only to the true interests of his country . The motion for papers was carried nem . con . rose , pursuant to notice , to submit a motion to the House , for leave to bring in a bill to amend the 48th of the King . In apportioning the duties upon stamps on bills of exchange , the fair principle had ever been , that the rate of the stamp should vary according to the amount of the bill . All those bills were , however , exempted from this equitable principle , which were drawn upon a banker ten miles distant from the residence of the drawer—a former act had provided that a penalty of 20l . should be inflicted upon any person drawing a draft upon his banker at that distance without a receipt . He admitted this act had been evaded , and that many persons had drawn drafts without stamps upon their bankers who did not live within 100 miles of their place of residence . Last year , however , at a very late period of the session his right hon . friend had introduced the bill which he now proposed to amend ; it was speedily passed into a law , at a time when the attendance of members was thin ; and after the termination of the session , people