to reconnoitre the place or rather to act the part of spies.—Now we come to another point , upon which I think ministers have incurred a very serious responsibility , in which I can hardly suppose it possible for them satisfactorily to account for their conduct . I should wish to know why , when they determined to abandon the attack upon Antwerp as impracticable , they did not abandon Flushing as untenable ? Common powers of observation were enough to convince them of the necessity of the one , as well a of the other . History , indeed , would have informed them , that Walcheren was not tenable without imminent and certain danger to the health of our brave troops . Why not , then , when the main objects of the Expedition were found to be unattainable , destroy Flushing at once , abandon the island , and rescue our army from that pestilence which had so dreadfully desolated its ranks ? It is said , no doubt , that Walcheren was retained in consequence of a requisition from Austria , in the hope that by our continuing in possession of that island , Buonaparté might be influenced in his negotiations with that power . But is there any rational man who would believe this ? The fallacy of the pretence was indeed obvious , from the conduct of ministers themselves . If it was meant to retain Walcheren as a feint , why proceed to fortify the works of Flushing ? why construct new works elsewhere in Walcheren , and expend a considerable sum on such fortifications ? But supposing the only object of keeping it were , as stated , a demonstration to aid the views of Austria , is it not absurd to imagine , that such a demonstration could have any effect upon the mind of Buonaparté , or that in order to get possession of that island , or to avoid the delaying for two or three weeks his attack upon it , he would be induced to lower his tone or modify or moderate his terms with Austria . Yet this notion , so glaringly absurd , is offered as an apology for detaining our troops in this horribly pestilential island , where `` nature sickened , and every gale was death . `` —The effect of disease upon our army in this unfortunate Expedition is not to be ascertained or decided upon merely from the report of actual deaths . For , according to the information I have received , the 171 greater part of the survivors is for life unfitted for any active service . What then , is a measure so productive of calamity , so pregnant with disasters , to escape inquiry ; or are its authors to escape punishment ? —Having gone through all the points which occur to me as connected with the policy or progress of this Expedition , I now proceed to consider the choice which ministers thought proper to make of a commander to direct its operations . I do not intend to complain of the selection . Although he was not one of those officers whom tame had noticed among her list of heroes—although he was not one of those who `` in camps and tented fields had bled '' —although he was much more familiar with the gaieties of London or the business of office , than with the annals of military experience or glory—yet I do not complain of the appointment of such an officer to command such an Expedition . He was , in fact , the most appropriate person that could be chosen . But if it were a wisely-planned Expedition , I should say , that it ought to be entrusted to an intelligent commander—to one who possessed the confidence of the army—to one experienced in modern warfare , as this was not the time for making hazardous experiments.—But , abortive and impracticable as the plan was , I should have thought it a pity to have the character of an officer of that description exposed to sacrifice , by rendering him responsible for the