herself and of her brave and generous ally , but it surely was not to be expected that she should reach at once the vigour of a free government , just emerging as she was from that dreadful oppression under which a wretched government had broken down the faculties of her people ; emerging as she was from those inveterate habits and ancient prejudices , which have so long contracted her views , and retarded her improvement ; emerging as she was from that disconnection and disunion between her different provinces , among which , however they might join in the hatred and detestation of their common enemy , no cordial harmony had prevailed in other respects . The thing was impossible , but were we therefore to abandon the Spaniards to the mercy of their cruel invaders ? Were we therefore to desert them in this crisis of their fortunes ? With these observations he should now leave that part of the question , and come to the battle of Talavera itself and the circumstances which attended and followed it . In a military sense perhaps nothing more could be said of the result of that battle , than , that the British troops had succeeded in repulsing the attack of a French army almost double their numbers , the efforts of which had been chiefly directed against the British troops . But was there no skill , no bravery , no perseverance displayed in the mode in which that repulse was effected ? Did no glory redound from it to the character of the British arms ? Has it not been acknowledged even by the enemy as the severest check they had yet sustained ? Now as to its consequences . Were they really such as to disparage the merits , and mar the splendour of that day ? He would boldly maintain that the defeat of the enemy at Talavera had essentially contributed to the main objects of the campaign . For unless 151 that blow had been struck against Victor , it would have been impossible to prevent the enemy from over-running the South of Spain , or from making a fresh irruption into Portugal . It saved the South of Spain from absolute destruction . It has afforded time to Portugal to organize her army , and to strengthen her military posts . It also enabled lord Wellington to take a position , where he might derive supplies from Spain at the same time that he chew nearer to his own magazines ? Were not all these achievements essential to the objects of the expedition ; And what was the general result ? Until then , the French armies had been acting vigorously against Spain and Portugal ; but since the battle of Talavera , they have been compelled to abandon their offensive operations and to resume the defensive . He should not attempt to diminish the disasters , which afterwards befel the Spanish arms . Both his noble brother and he himself had earnestly advised the Spaniards to keep to their defensive positions : but flushed with the victory of Talavera , and with hopes too sanguine of further successes , they advanced at all points ; and the result but too fatally justified the propriety of the advice , that had been given to them . But he would not go into any critical disquisition of military discretion . It was enough for him to have shewn that in the prosecution and attainment of the objects , on which he was employed , lord Wellington made a judicious application of the means entrusted to his hands , and derived from them every advantage to which they could be turned . He arrested the progress of the French armies into the South of Spain , and procured a breathing time for Portugal to organize her forces , and Improve all her means of defence . He would not take upon him to say , that Portugal was placed in a state of complete security ; but he might safely assert , that time had been gained for producing an essential improvement , in the