with which great fault had been found , namely , the staff . Now he believed that , considering the strength of the regular forces that were distributed through various parts of the kingdom , no considerable reduction could be made in that department of the army , without injuring the public service . It had been asked by an honourable member , whether the foreign troops under the duke of Brunswick received a bounty ; in answer to that question he had to state , that each man did receive a bounty , on enrolment , of 3l . 17s . which , however , it was to be observed , was expended in necessaries . With respect to the circumstances of the boys , being estimated at a shilling a day , he should say , that it was true that a great number of boys , who chiefly composed the second battalions , received only nine-pence per day , the surplus of the estimate being afterwards disposed of as levy money for the purchase of horses . Alter replying to the other 633 points , he concluded , by moving the question on the first estimate . rose , for the purpose of drawing the attention of their lordships to the returns of licensed preachers and places of worship , lately laid on their table , in consequence of the motion made by him last year . These licences extended from the year 1760 to 1808 ; but , although their nature and amount were such as must deeply impress upon the minds of their lordships the importance of the subject , he wished the return to be made still more complete ; and , since this could be easily done , he should conclude with a motion to that end . Whatever steps it might be necessary to take respecting the object of his motion , he wished it to be distinctly understood , that he was by no means unfriendly to liberty of conscience ; to a wise , liberal , and enlightened toleration . He would be the last to oppose any system of that kind , or to introduce measures subversive of it ; yet so important did he consider the object which he had in view , that , should no one more qualified to accomplish it , take it up soon , he should , during the present session , feel it his duty to bring the question before that House . His lordship concluded by moving for returns of licensed preachers and places of worship in England and Wales , under the Act commonly called the Toleration Act , from the diocese records of each ; and also , throughout the same countries , for returns of licences , granted at the quarter sessions for each county , to dissenting ministers , and for their places of worship . Both motions were to include all licences from 1760 to 1808.—Agreed to . rose to present to the House a Petition from divers Roman Catholics in Ireland . It was a prayer for constitutional privileges . It applied for those privileges through the constitutional organ ; it sought for a legitimate object by legitimate means ; it was right to encourage communion between the people and their re- 634 presentatives ; it preserved that mutual understanding that was so necessary to the maintenance of mutual good will . When last he had the honour of addressing the House in behalf of the Catholic claims , he had then stated that the Catholics were willing to concede to his Majesty the right of Veto on the Catholic nomination of their bishops . He was sorry to say , that he could not now affirm , that such were the sentiments of the Roman Catholics of Ireland upon that subject . Whether he had misinformed the House , or the Catholics had been guilty of retractation , was a question which he should never agitate , it being his fixed principle never to defend himself at the expence of his country . The admission of the Catholic to a participation in the rights