seek for , a peerage . He had never , even in conversation with his nearest friends , hinted at such a prospect or suggested such a wish , and , therefore , when his majesty had been advised to raise him to that rank , he , as his nearest relation in England , had the awkward task of chasing a title , without any document or hint of what title his brother would prefer . Having stated that the peerage was thus conferred on his brother , without his seeking for it , he should now state what was the state of his circumstances , from a letter of his written to him after he had obtained the title . When he came from India , he had 42 or 43,000l . Of this sum he had now about 40,000l. , half of which , together with 6,000l . ( her own fortune ) was settled on lady Wellesley . The manner in which he made his money was as follows : —At the taking of Seringapatam , he got 5,000l . In the Mahrattah war 25,000l.—He also got 4,000l . from the court of directors for acting as civil commissioner in the Mysore , and about 2,000l . from government as arrears of pay , allowances , & c. These sums , with some interest , made the 43,000l . which he had brought from India , and of which he had not spent above 2 or 3,000l . since . , in explanation , said that he never intended to charge lord Wellington with having contracted debts with extravagance ; he only argued hypothecally , as supposing such a case to exist . said , that it was in that manlier and in that spirit only that he had supposed him to speak . regretted extremely that the House should hesitate to accede to this proposition , or that any difference of opinion should have arisen respecting it . He would ask , whether it was possible that if lord Wellington had devoted the great talents which confessedly belonged to him to the profession of the bar , or to any other liberal pursuit in society , he would not have rendered them more productiye—infinitely more productive , than it appeared he had done by actively employing them in the service of his country ? Could the country , then , be re- 464 conciled to that House if it acted illiberally towards such a man ? Such illiberality would , he conceived , in the present situation of the world , not only be unjust but impolitic . He begged of those gentlemen who were so ready to profess themselves strong party men in general , although , on particular occasions , they thought proper to disclaim party , to get rid of party feelings upon this occasion , and consider the real merit of the question . Lord Wellington , instead of those professions in which there was little to risk and much to gain , had chosen the profession of arms , which was pregnant with risk , and which led alone to danger and to fame . That fame this gallant officer had obtained ; but would that House , representing the country which he served , leave him to enjoy that fame accompanied by want ? Was it possible that an example would be presented so degrading to the character of the country , and so injurious to its interests , calculated as it must be , to damp the spirit of that army upon whose ardour and zeal the country had to rely for its safety ? —The House was bound even upon principles of consistency , to adopt the motion . It would ill become them to incur the imputation of being prodigal of their praise and parsimonious of their money . The honours which were bestowed on lord Wellington would be a downright burthen , if the liberality of the country , or the munificence of the sovereign , did not supply the means of wearing such honours with dignity . He had been informed by persons who