us satisfactory information , we anticipate that the information you have promised can not be satisfactory . Whatever the facts might be , no public inconvenience could result from so trifling a delay ; and whatever gentlemen on the opposite side of the House might say , he felt assured that the people would not think the worse of that House for acting with becoming deliberation . They would appear to be less directed by party feelings or spirit if they agreed to wait for satisfactory information when it would be afforded to them in so short a time . But to gain information was not their object , a vote against ministers was all they wanted . They wanted them to be removed . It might be very fair for them to pursue that object , but he thought it was equally fair for him to unmask their intentions , and shew that they contended not for satisfactory information , not for the public interests , but for the possession of office and power . If they had the object in view , for which they affected to feel so much solicitude , they must know , that the line of conduct they pursued would not 190 lead to its attainment , or facilitate the production of the information they had a right to require , and the government , so far from wishing to withhold , was anxious in the extreme to produce to that House . said he was disposed , notwithstanding the triumphant tone of the right hon . gent . to retain , in common with his friends , that confidence which they had entertained in their strength the first night of the session . He believed that the feeling of disappointment , mortification and anguish , which the right hon . gent . had attributed to his opponents had a firmer existence in his own mind and situation than in theirs . However , he should still continue to support the motion of his noble friend on the ground of duty . It was the duty of the House also to shew the country , that they were not to be biassed by the seemingly candid declarations of the minister . If ever there was a case which called for the unanimous vote of parliament , the late disastrous campaign was that case . Indeed , in his opinion , the vote ought to be carried by acclamation . It was not necessary to wait for papers in order to determine that inquiry was necessary . The information on which to ground opinion was already before parliament and the country . To be sure , the papers might have furnished an aggravated proof of guilt in some quarter or other , and might shew that the right hon . gentlemen were not chargeable with the whole blame of the failure , but it was unnecessary to wait for documents or proofs to ascertain whether there was calamity and failure . The House did not want them . If , indeed , after it had declared inquiry necessary , the House should proceed to ask for the production of papers , it could not be in order to ascertain whether there was blame , but it would be to know the aggravations of their conduct , or to judge how the instruments employed in the execution were committed , with those , who advised the plans , in the responsibility . To satisfy the House that inquiry was necessary , it had only to look to Walcheren , to consider of the termination of the Expedition , and to contemplate the present state of the army that was sent there . Search the military annals of Great Britain , and there was no precedent of such extensive , complete , and unqualified failure . The greatest possible failure might take place , and still no blame attach any where ; but here was an Expedition terminating in great disgrace and 191 unparalleled disaster , and with numerous presumptions of misconduct . It was not that the Expedition failed , but that it could not succeed