to be mitigated , by the extension of mercy ; but this he thought a very mistaken principle ; for he thought no laws should be enacted that were not intended to be enforced . There were , indeed , some acts in our Statute book which one could not hear read without horror , and which it was almost impossible to conceive could have found their way into it . Such , for instance , as the Act which makes it a capital offence in any person , male or female , to be seen in the company of gypsies for the space of a month . That Act had , however , been enforced for nearly a century ; and it was lamentable to think , that no less than 13 persons had been executed under its cruel provisions at one assizes . There was the greatest reason to believe that our criminal code had , in ancient times , been not only most sanguinary but as sanguinarily executed . Fortescue , who was Chief Justice of the King 's bench and afterwards lord chancellor to Henry VI . in his excellent treatise on absolute and limited monarchy , which was written during his residence in France , for the instruction of prince Edward , the son of that unfortunate monarch , relates , that there were more persons in England yearly executed for highway robberies alone , than in France for all other crimes in seven years . In the reign of Henry VIII . it is stated by Hollinshead and other credible historians , that about 72,000 persons were executed , which was after the rate of about 2,000 a year , during the reign of that monarch . In queen Elizabeth 's time the number of executions fell to about 400 a-year . From that period to modern times , there were no data upon which to go . Sir Stephen Theodore Janssen , who was sometime Chamberlain of the City of London , published tables ( which are to be found in Mr. Howard 's book ) of the number of persons convicted and executed in London and Middlesex , from 1749 to 1772 : the result , of which went to shew , that of 428 persons convicted , 306 were executed , being a proportion of about three , executions to four oonvictions.—From the year 1756 to 1764 , the executions amounted to about one half ; and , from 1764 to 1771 , to more than a half . This brought the account to the end of 368 the first ten years of his present Majesty 's reign . In succeeding periods , a great diminution had taken place in the proportion between the number of convictions and the number of executions . In the London district , from 1801 to 1809 , only about one-eighth of the persons convicted were executed . In 1808 , there had been convicted S7 , and only three executed , which was but one in 29.—He had been thus particular in stating the number convicted , to shew , how little the penal laws had operated in the prevention of crimes . In those offences in which the perpetrators could not expect mercy , such as murders , rapes , arson , & c. it could not be expected any alteration in the law should take place ; but stealing privately in a shop or in a dwelling-house , with many other offences of the like class , if the capital part of the punishment was taken off , the law might be made more effectual ; for people offended against them now , under a certainty that they would not incur the punishment . In the number of persons whose guilt was supposed to be such as that they should be sent to trial for stealing in dwelling-houses , the House would be astonished to find , that in the persons committed in London and Middlesex , in seven years , there have been executed only as 8 to 1,802 ; and since that only one had been executed out of 1,872 .