for greater exertions . With a view to such exertions , he should not object to a large establishment , if that could be maintained efficiently ; but when out of such an establishment so small a force could be actively employed , he thought that there must be something radically bad in its composition . It appeared , by the estimates , compared with the returns of effectives , that the House was to be called on to pay for at least 20,000 men more than were in the ranks of the army . The foreign corps on the establishment amounted to 23,955 ; to which it was to be proposed to-morrow to add above 30,000 Portuguese , making a total of nearly 60,000 foreign troops—a greater force of that description than had ever been employed in the service of any nation . To keep up the native force there was no prospect by the ordinary recruiting , nor by any other means than breaking up other establishments . The recruiting produced 11,000 last year ; the draughts from the militia 8,043 ; making in the whole about 30,000 men , from which was 659 to be deducted , desertions 3,387 , leaving an actual accession to the army of 26,000 men only . The casualties at home , on the increased establishment , he estimated at 20,000 men ; the casualties and extraordinary deaths in Spain , Portugal , and Walcheren , at the same number ; so that the army had been diminished nearly 20,000 , notwithstanding the accession from recruiting and the militia . The House was bound therefore to consider , whether it would not increase that class of men from which soldiers were to be procured . When retrenchments were talked of , he was surprised to find nothing in contemplation but a reduction of 20 horses per troop , and the reduction of the Manx fencibles , a corps consisting of only 347 men . He could see no reason , why so large a force of cavalry as 27,000 should be kept up , whéen we never had sent out more than 1,800 to Spain in the campaign under sir John Moore , and cavalry could be of no use in this country or Ireland , in the event of invasion . What he said of the regular cavalry applied equally to the volunteer cavalry . The volunterr infantry might be of some use ; but he had never heard any reason assigned for keeping up such a force of volunteer cavalry.—The hon . member then proceeded to comment upon the expence and arrangements at the military college , complaining that the professor of fortifications had no more , or little more salary , than the teacher of arithmetic or fencing.—Alter dwelling some time on these points , and on the amount of force absorbed in the colonial service , the hon . member expressed his opinion , that the effective should be increased , by reducing the ineffective force . felt called upon , by an imperious sense of duty , to offer a few observations to the House , after what had fallen from the hon . member , and undertook to prove to the satisfaction of the House , that no reduction ought to be made in the cavalry force , which was our most useful arm . If there had been a cavalry force in Ireland at the time , gen. Humbert , with 800 men , could never have advanced 15 days march into that country . He had surveyed Ireland with a military eye , and could assert that it was peculiarly favourable for a body of cavalry to act in . Where ever gentlemen could hunt , there could cavalry act . It had been Buonaparté 's uniform practice to employ large bodies of cavalry ; and it was to the pressure of the French cavalry that was to be 660 ascribed the great loss sustained in the precipitate retreat to Corunna . An effective cavalry was a most useful , but an ineffective cavalry was a most dangerous force to employ ; he thought