nothing slated to the House which should induce them to presume that he was not able to support the honour of the Peerage . Had not he been to India , and in lucrative situations ? If in his manner of living he had contracted debts which made him poor , he would agree with the hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) in asking , has not the nation debts also ? When this subject was brought before Parliament , they had two things to consider . The first was , whether the peerage was properly granted or not ? and the second thing was , supposing that it had been properly granted , was the pension necessary or not ? Now , as to the first point , he did think the peerage was not improperly granted ; but that the double peerage was very improper . But even supposing the peerage was deserved , what occasion was there for coming to the people for money to support it ? Had not the crown abundant means of rewarding services of this nature ? Although he differed from many persons in his idea of the particular merits of the battle of Talavera , yet he thought highly of the general merits of lord Wellington as a soldier , and hoped that he would in future do services more important than those for which he was made a peer . He did not object to his being rewarded , but to the mode of rewarding him . What was the objection to the vacant government of Portsmouth being given to him ? If it were said , that it was because he was liable to be sent out of the country , he would reply , that general Junot was governor of Paris at the time that he was fighting with lord Wellington in Portugal ; and therefore there could be no serious objection to the governor of Paris being opposed by the governor of Portsmouth . There was another office , which it was very delicate to allude to ; but which , as it had been already mentioned , and the circumstance was of 461 great notoriety , he must advert to . A valuable office ( the Tellership of the Exchequer ) was now said to be in the hands of the Crown . Whom was this office to be reserved for ? Was it for any person who now felt uneasy in his seat , and wished a comfortable sinecure to retire upon ? It was often said , that the expectation of one of those great places falling in satisfied many a claimant . If so , why should not lord Wellington wait for one of them ? He felt it his duty , as a member of Parliament , to enquire into the circumstances of lord Wellington , and to say , that if they were sufficient to support the honour of the peerage , it would be a scandalous waste of the public money to grant him the pension . A gallant general had stated that lord Wellington had foreseen every thing which had happened . If that was the case , lord Wellington would have been an absolute madman . If he had foreseen that the French would have attacked him with a great superiority of force ; that the Spaniards would not give him the support which might have been expected ; that he should finally be obliged to retreat , leaving his sick and wounded in the power of the enemy ; and yet , foreseeing these things , had resolved to place himself in that situation , what could then be said of the battle of Talavera ? If he had , at the same time , foreseen the difficulties of his retreat , the loss of near 1,200 men in a month in the marshes of Estremadura , the long inactivity to which his army was doomed , and the advance of the French through Seville upon Cadiz , and yet resolved upon running all these risks and suffering all these losses , his conduct would be