. Here a new position was assumed , that the force thus collected could be employed in continental operations , or in a coup de main . But there was a limit beyond which our means could not be strained . It was impossible to transport them to the North of Germany , and had it been possible , still would it have been , in a military point of view , improper , from the situation and disposition of the neighbouring powers . Had government even had the means of sending the Expedition to the North of Europe , with the immense expence attending such a measure , it would not have been prudent , he contended , to have united a military force of 40,000 men in that quarter , with Prussia , and the whole weight of France against us , while Russia , at the same time , was our enemy . The Scheldt appeared the most eligible point of attack , as more nearly connected with the commercial views of this country , and in the event of success there , wounding the enemy in that part where he was likely to feel most sore . Antwerp was an object of great political importance to France , and a descent on it was more likely to call forth Buonaparté 's attention than an attack on another place . It is his practice to slight any distant diversions that may be made , and Stedfastly pursue his main object ; but when he should be thus attacked in a vital point , it was reasonable to expect that it would operate powerfully in favour of our allies . He was ready to state why he thought success probable , and likely to be attended with little risk . He was not ignorant of the nature of the climate at that season of the year , but it was not intended that the army should be locked up there for such a length of time . It was a coup de main against the naval power of the enemy that was intended , and not the capture of Walcheren alone ; it was therefore expected that the army would be employed in a dry country between Walcheren and Bergen-op-Zoom.—The melancholy accounts that had been circulated of the stale of the troops were greatly exaggerated , and though our loss appeared great to us , yet compared with the losses of France in all her wars , it was but trifling . No object of magnitude was expected to oppose cur retaining Walcheren . It had never been considered as an axiom , that the risk attending the keeping pos- 79 session of that Island , should deter us from taking it . We held it 31 years during the Barrier Treaty , and had since had it in our possession . He was not furnished with materials at present to speak on the whole of the question . He , however , if the officers employed should appear to have done their duty , would ever be ready to hold them above that vulgar calumny by which they would probably be assailed . With respect to the evacuation of the island , he had had no share in the measures of government . Before the return of the Commander in Chief , he found himself to have been in a situation that he had been unconscious of , ( hear ! hear ! ) and having retired from office , had had no intercourse with the officers employed , except such as was absolutely necessary , and could not take upon himself , therefore , either to justify or condemn what had followed . He could not , for the same reason , say any thing respecting the failure with regard to Antwerp . The subject divided itself into two parts ; so far as he was concerned , and that part for what he was not responsible ; but not being in possession of the necessary materials to enable him to judge of the whole , he must , for the present , suspend his judgment