that by the battle of Talavera the enemy were merely for the moment repulsed , but not defeated , and that the most disastrous consequences resulted from that battle to our ally , as well as with respect to the general object of the campaign , surely it could not be pretended that a victory was gained , or that the high honour of the thanks of that House ought to be conferred for merely repulsing an enemy.—It had been said , that lord Wellington had displayed great skill in the dispositions he made during the battle . He confessed he could not agree in that opinion . He thought that the position on the left had not been sufficiently secured , or taken advantage of ; and he doubted much whether the charge of cavalry was judicious , it having been attended with great loss , without producing any adequate advantage . He could not help thinking , that there was much also to blame in the conduct of lord Wellington with respect to the Spanish troops , though certainly the dispatch of the Spanish general gave a very different account of the conduct of those troops to that given in the dispatch of lord Wellington . But if 143 lord Wellington believed the Spanish troops to be of such a description that they could not be trusted to meet the enemy , why did he place the British army in a situation of such imminent peril at Talavera ? If lord Wellington held such an opinion of the Spanish troops , nothing could justify him in giving the Spanish General the option either of defending the passes against the advance of the French army under the duke of Dalmatia , which threatened the flank and rear of the British , or of taking care of our sick and wounded at Talavera . If he thought the Spaniards incapable of effectually combating the enemy , nothing could justify him in giving such an option , by which , if the Spanish general had accepted the former part of the alternative , the British army might have been placed in a situation of most imminent peril . Why also had not lord Wellington better information with respect to the state of the defence of the passes ? Why did he trust to the intelligence he received from the Spaniards , neglecting even the ordinary precaution of sending an officer of his own , to ascertain whether the passes were properly defended ? —Unfortunately the disasters to which he had alluded , and which immediately followed the battle of Talavera , were not all that resulted from that measure . The British army was compelled to retreat into Portugal , where he was afraid , it was now in a very critical situation , and where , from the unhealthiness of the position it occupied , disease had made such alarming progress amongst the troops , that he believed their number did not now exceed 9,000 effective men.—The noble lord had very eloquently and truly depicted the Suffering state of our army at the time they fought the battle of Talavera . It certainly demanded a very serious inquiry how it happened that the British troops were destitute of almost every comfort , and almost without provisions , whilst the French army was amply supplied.—It was a most singular thing that we , in a friendly country , which we went to defend , should be so ill supplied—should be almost starved in fact : while the French , the enemies and invaders of that country , should be well supplied and well fed . It had been said by a great authority , that the least merit of a great general consisted in fighting a battle . In judicious marches , in combined and well-timed movements , in coming to action 144 only when all circumstances were most favourable for him , lay the perfection of a general 's skill . If we looked to Austerlitz and other great battles , we should find that the French armies seized their enemies magazines , and were better provided for in hostile