, but to whom they were to be traced , and whose punishment ought to atone ( as far as it could do ) for their calamitous consequences.—After inforcing with great strength of argument and much emphatical reasoning , the absolute necessity of an immediate , rigorous , and complete inquiry , the right hon . gent , concluded with the following observations : The situation of the country is extremely awful ; and if they , whose ignorance and obstinacy have placed it in that situation , are now to be exempted from the responsibility of having done so , its danger will not , on that account , be less alarming.—After a repetition of the same errors have produced a repetition of the same disasters , this House can not content itself with doing merely that which it has thought sufficient in periods less critical , and in exigencies less pressing . This is no time for half measures . I do think that it is a crisis that calls upon the House of 74 Commons to put forth its penal powers ; it is no time for civility ; it is no time for ceremoniously waving the best interests of the State in courteous compliance to the feelings of those who have either betrayed or endangered them ; the present is not a time for shaping Amendments to the imaginary niceties of those gentlemen who revolt at all idea of punishment—it is the time to speak out and pursue with unwearied zeal public defaulters of every description . Had I a choice between punishment and pardon , I would prefer the former , because I think the circumstances of the country imperiously demand some solemn examples . It fell to my lot , last sessions , to call the attention of the Mouse to what I thought I plainly proved to have amounted to gross misconduct on the part of ministers in the Spanish campaign . The House thought otherwise , but what have they done.since ? Have they since exhibited in the Peninsula any monument of recovered vigour and awakened wisdom ; and if they have not , what will the House do now ? I then invoked them by the manes of the heroes who fell in the battle of Corunna—by their as heroic survivors—to do justice to the valour that so unavailingly bled , and so fruitlessly triumphed . The House have in their remembrance what their decision was then , and should not forget what has been the conduct of the same ministers since . Once more then I ask , what will the House do now ? If they will act again in the same way—if they can again be guilty of such indifference to the zeal and sufferings of such brave and gallant men—I will not venture to predict what may be the consequence ; but I will say , that if this House can come to such a decision , they are unworthy to be called the countrymen of the heroes to whose services they will then have awarded so iniquitous a recompence . It maybe said , that the present ministers are not answerable for the errors of the late administration , but I doubt if such a plea , as trifling as it is false , will this night be resorted to . Or the eleven ministers in the former cabinet , seven are in the present , and , of course , the same majority in both . The Lord Privy Seal , the President of the Council , the First Finance Minister , & c. & c. are still in the cabinet . But upon a plea so trifling he should no longer dwell , and would conclude with entreating the House , keeping once for all the campaign of 1809 in their eye , to vindicate their own character , and do an insulted country justice . observed in explanation , that from their number it was impossible for him to answer all the questions put to him by the right hon . gent . He would only say that the substance of what he