thenceforward be granted . When that Resolution , and the bill grounded upon it , were brought before the House , his right hon . friend , though not then minister , but yet a member of the House , said not one word of opposition against the bill . It was read a second time , and was proceeding to a Committee , when the dissolution of that parliament stopped its progress . On the meeting of the next parliament , his Majesty , in his speech from the throne , expressed his peculiar approbation of that Committee . On the meeting of the second session , his Majesty , in his speech , again repeated the same approbation of that Committee . The bill founded on the Resolution of the House was again brought forward and passed , but was , unexpectedly , towards the close of the first session , thrown out in the Lords ; when the House , taking into consideration the lateness of the period , and the quarrels that were going on in the House , and finding there would not be time to pass another bill , thought proper to address his Majesty not to suffer any place in reversion to be granted during the recess.—The propriety of the principle that places ought not to be granted in reversion , was universally acknowledged . The bill , however , again failed . A consultation took place , and the Lords ' Journals were inspected , to see if the Committee appointed for that purpose could find any particular reason why the bill had been rejected , but all in vain . Under all the circumstances of the session before last , when he found it was impossible to do more than he had done , he was himself the author of a temporary suspension bill , as he thought it afforded an opportunity to shew the temper and moderation of the House , and in order to avoid any thing that might lead to a misunderstanding between the two Houses . In doing this , he 253 did all he could to render the measure as palatable and as gracious as possible , but in no one panicle of his conduct had he ever shewn the smallest tittle of inclination to give up his perpetual bill , and by inserting words suggested by his right hen . friend , as likely to ease the feelings of some particular individuals , he had acceded solely as thinking them of no very particular consequence . He should , therefore , think it peculiarly hard , if those words inserted in the preamble of the act just before read , should be urged against this bill ; because he expressly stated , at the time , his reasons to be what he had just said , and that he had never lost sight of a perpetual one . It now became the House to shew they were determined to carry into execution that which they had already so unanimously resolved . That bill which had been rejected , could not be brought forward again ; and , therefore , the best way was to resort to their former one . Suppose it should fail again , they might then do as they had done before . He thought after the House , and the whole country also , had shewn so great and unremitting an eagerness and anxiety to pass the bill , it would not be right to assume such a thing as that prejudices against it could still remain in the breasts of any persons elsewhere , after so much had been done to allay them first , and afterwards to eradicate them . It was needless , he thought , for him to call their attention to the necessity there was that the House should endeavour , by every means in their power , to preserve the good opinion of their constituents . The eyes of all classes in the country were fixed on them , and it was their incumbent duty to shew , at this important Crisis , that the