trusted the House would indulge him in saying a few words , in defence of what he conceived to be a very meritorious class of individuals , the editors of newspapers . He was not acquainted with any of them ; but he believed they had done more to enlighten and strengthen the public mind than any other class in the community . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had expressed himself a friend to the liberty of the press , but not to its present practice . If the press was , however , to be still further fettered in its practice , its liberties would be completely annihilated . He remembered to have read in the history of former times , that ministers had given the following advice to their sovereign , `` We must destroy the press , or the press will destroy us . '' But that expression was used in times very different from the present . In 338 these licensed times every editor of a newspaper was registered , and was forthcoming , whenever the Attorney- general might choose to call upon him to answer for any offence against the law . For his part , he could not discern any thing in the conduct of any of the papers which justified the degrading language in which the right hon . gent . on the floor had spoken of them . They were to the public the canals of information ; and they paid annually above two millions in duties , being thus much more productive to the state than the canals of commerce . With respect to the exclusion of strangers , was there any thing going forward in the House , of which they were ashamed ? Certainly not . Then why exclude the public from hearing their discussions . began by noticing the forbearance of many gentlemen to take a part in the debate , from whom he might have expected to hear the ablest defence of the liberty of the press . He must subscribe to many of the doctrines which he had heard from the right hon . gent . because they were constitutional , and which he only found fault with as inapplicable to the present situation of the country . If he could see in that House a body of gentlemen fairly and freely selected by the people as the chosen guardians of their rights—if he could see no placemen or pensioners within these walls , and if no corrupt or undue influence could ever be supposed to operate on the minds of any of the members of that assembly , then , indeed , he should see no particular objection to the inquiry being conducted in secret , and the evidence being given to the public in the manner that was now proposed . Unfortunately , however , the case was different and the House stood in the eye of the public , in a very opposite situation . They stood before the country under circumstances of great suspicion . It had been considered by some , that in point of character they were on their last legs . As for his part , he greatly feared that in reputation that House had not a leg to stand upon . rose to order . He stated , that in his opinion it was highly disorderly to assert , that the reputation of the House of Commons had not a leg to stand upon . said , that it was highly disorderly for any member to say that the House of Commons had lost its reputation . continued . He had not made the assertion positively , but stated it as his apprehension . But with all due submission , he had not expected such nicety , when he recollected the 11th of May last , and the acquittal of a minister detected in an attempt to introduce , by corrupt means , persons to seats in that House . He had not expected such extreme delicacy from an assembly that had last sessions passed an act by which they stood acknowledged as