squandered , and so much precious blood cruelly expended . The King 's Speech , however , perfectly accorded with his Answer to the Corporation of London—an Answer which declared 87 that the Expedition had only succeeded in part . In what part , was the natural question of every man in the country ? Now , however , the mystery was solved ; the part in which it succeeded was , in the blowing up of a basin ! This , say ministers , was one of the objects , and the King is satisfied with its accomplishment . So little satisfied was he , however , on this head , that this very ground he should conceive sufficient as a foundation for a criminatory resolution . Ministers , it seemed were aware even of the fatality of the climate ; but this was one of the casualties of war , and therefore , in their opinion , ought to be cheerfully encountered . Certainly , if the object was worthy of the hazard ; but here the object was contemptible , the means mighty , and the consequences ruinous . Even downright inactivity was preferable to such perilous and causeless exertion . The noble lord , however , reduced to his last shift , declared the object of the expedition to have been a coup de main ! —What did he mean by a coup de main ? Did he suppose that Antwerp and Lillo , and the fortified forts , and the well-secured fleet in the Scheldt , were all to be taken by this miraculous coup de main ? The idea was surely too preposterous even to enter into the calculations of his lordship . To shew , indeed the perfect folly of such a supposition , the resistance of Flushing , the continuance of which was sufficient to frustrate all the ulterior objects of the Expedition , was , in the opinion of Buonaparté , so ill protracted , that he condemned the officer who conducted it to death ! How did this mismanagement of the right hon . gent , and his colleagues take place ? He begged pardon—he supposed it was at the time when the right hon . gent , did not know his own colleagues ; when he was hawking about the offices of the government , with `` who 'll take this , and who will take that ? In pity , will no one even accept my bounty to support me ? '' He supposed it was during this interregnum that the mismanagement took place . An opportunity of remedying it had , however , offered when lord Chatham made the communication that he could not proceed ; then we should have evacuated the island ; but instead of this we proceeded to build barracks there , and ships were actually arriving with stores for them , when the army was embarked to return.—Yet such had been the objects of the enormous but fruitless expence which the 88 country was to pay . Even then upon these grounds , as he had already stated , he should judge his Majesty 's government deserving of punishment , But who were his Majesty 's government ? How did the right hon . head of it attain that elevation ? Rumour said , it was by a successful competition with one of his own colleagues . Yet even this motley administration , this government of threads and patchwork , was to be screened ; and the Amendment which proposed an inquiry into their conduct was to be rejected . Why— '' Because it proposed condemnation without inquiry . '' It did no such thing : it proposed as the only atonement to an injured and insulted country for dreadful calamities , to institute an inquiry into their causes . No doubt , indeed , if this inquiry terminated in conviction , that punishment would follow ; unless it did , the inquiry would be but a mockery of justice ; unless it did , the House might just as well rest contented with the papers as a substitute for the inquiry .