by the military operations of a British army . But his noble friend would insist , that such a diversion might have been made in her favour by the force which had subsequently been collected here and employed on foreign service , had it been brought to operate at a proper point.—His noble friend had alluded to certain of these points where he conceived our military force might have operated advantageously in favour of Austria . He had chiefly , however , adverted to some points in the Mediterranean , and more decidedly still to the North of Germany . He had also supposed that this country might have brought 100,000 men into the field : where these 100,000 men were to be found , he could not pretend to say ; but were it possible to provide and collect them , what must not have been , he would ask , the expence and difficulty of transporting them to the Mediterranean or Adriatic ? The thing was actually impracticable . Not less impracticable and unpromising would have been the plan of sending them to the 25 North of Germany . It was said , they would there find a numerous band of experienced veterans ready to rise , in vindication of their independence , against the common oppressor of mankind . It was even more than insinuated by his noble friend , that the British government had encouraged them to rise , and promised them assistance , but that the promise had not been performed ; that these brave patriotic men had been deserted by us and abandoned to their fate . These allegations , he would venture to say , were wholly unfounded ; there might have been numbers of men in different districts of Germany who were anxious to rescue themselves from the oppression and tyranny of the French ; but they had neither arms nor uniforms , nor were they instigated or encouraged by this country to take up arms against their oppressors . Even had they given a greater demonstration of their power and determination to resist , it still would have been impossible for the British government to send such a force , as had been mentioned , to their assistance . As he had already observed , where was a force of 100,000 men to be found ; and even had they been at the disposal of government , how could government have provided the means of subsisting and paying them in the north of Germany ? This would have been a thing altogether impracticable , and therefore it was useless to meditate such an enterprise . It surely was no easy matter to collect such a force as that which had been assembled , with all the means necessary for its equipment , especially when so much time was necessary to prepare so large an armament . After the armament had been prepared , intelligence was received of the armistice entered into between France and Austria : yet it was still uncertain whether that armistice would end in a definitive peace . The contrary , for a time , appeared the more probable . Wherever it should be employed , it might therefore contribute to produce a diversion in favour of Austria , and sustain her firmness in resisting , and restrain the enemy in proposing the terms of an unequal and ignominious peace . Looking at all the points within our reach , and where our means might have been effectually exerted , there was no one which promised so favourable a result as an attack upon Flushing and Antwerp . There the enemy had for years been expending immense labour and money in erecting a naval arsenal and depot , and in 26 rearing up a navy by which he would be enabled to menace the most vulnerable points of these realms . He boasted of having opened a river which had so long been shut , and of having made it as well the station of a naval power , as the source of commercial wealth . It enabled the ruler of France to cherish the fond hopes of