It was not the intention of his noble friend by that Amendment to criminate in the first instance , any particular person in any particular transaction . Its only object was to tell his majesty that that House felt deeply for the calamities of the last campaign , and that they were resolved to institute such inquiries as should lead to a discovery of the causes which had led to the calamity and disgrace which had thus been brought on the country . Did the hon . member now deny that the country had been exposed to calamity and disgrace ? Did he believe that this country had ever , at any former period , been exposed to so great calamity and disgrace ? Could the hon . gentleman deny that ministers had exposed our councils to scorn and derision ? Could he deny that they had afforded an opportunity to our enemy to scoff at our folly , and in his publications to scorn and deride us ? And still farther , could he deny that Europe did not sympathize in this feeling , and agree that the observations were just ? Did the hon . gent , then think , that all these instances of national disgrace were to be endured by the country , and notwithstanding that the ministers must be held to be men of the most perfect wisdom and propriety of conduct ? If so , was he also prepared to say that the officers employed in the service were not to blame ? That all had failed , but that neither they who planned , nor they who executed had done wrong ? To determine this , it would be well to consider what was the state of the country and of Europe at the end of the last campaign . That general who had been much and most unjustly traduced ( sir John Moore ) , fell in the month of January in the battle of Corunna , which at the moment of victory he sealed with his blood . A battle , notwithstanding all that the hon . gent , had said , at least as brilliant and glorious as the battle of Talavera . A battle fought when the commander was carrying a retreating army out of the country ; not one 67 where the rashness and presumption of the general induced him to risk an engagement , which there was no call on him to hazard , where not even one good consequence was to be effected by the result . Buonaparté then quitted Spain , and it was known to ministers that Austria was to attempt once more to stem the torrent of his ambition . It was for them then , therefore , to consider where they could make the most effectual stand , and well to weigh how they could hest apply the force committed to their charge . He had left Spain , and that must have shewn the ministers of this country that he considered Austria as the most formidable enemy , for it was his rule never to trust his generals , however experienced , with the most important service , but to undertake that himself . This , therefore , was plain , when he quitted Spain and returned to his capital . They had not only general means of information , but they must have had what amounted almost to perfect knowledge on the subject—and thus were they enabled to chuse the best point for diversion which presented itself , either in favour of Spain or of Austria , though the conduct of Buonaparté himself must have convinced them , that the cause and support of Austria was infinitely the more important . No step , however , was taken on this important point till the month of April , by which time Austria had begun the war ; and on the 20th of that month the battle of Ebersdorff was fought . In that same month one of the cabinet ministers desired the removal of the minister , whose peculiar province it was to prepare and arrange any expedition to be