to pecuniary sacrifices every assistance , provided it could be shewn that there was any rational or probable prospect of success . He would not only assist Portugal , but any particular bodies which may have been formed in Portugal , as far as could reasonably be done without committing the vital interests of this country . But here the question was , whether they should agree to the continuance of the British army in Portugal under hopeless circumstances ? Disguise it as his Majesty 's ministers may , the question really was , whether the army at that moment in Portugal was to be sacrificed as the army had been in the former instance ? In the spring of the year , a force of 16,000 men was wanted ; and yet his Majesty 's ministers , notwithstanding their strong and unconstitutional measure for breaking up the militia , were unable to make out that number . He would ask their lordships , then , what would be the state of the British army , if the army under lord Wellington were to be exposed to the same fate as that of sir John Moore or of lord Chatham ? and that too , in the prosecution of an object , in which , he would 525 venture to say , no man could possibly expect success . His object , as he had before stated , was not to propose any resolution to their lordships against the defence of Portugal . The amendment with which he meant to conclude , was there suit of his own observation , and founded upon the reasons which he had stated to their lordships . When the documents which his Majesty had been graciously pleased to promise should be before them , then their lordships would be able to form a more correct judgment . If the past conduct of his Majesty 's present ministers had been such as to justify their lordships in continuing to them a blind confidence ; —if they were disposed to approve of the manner in which the military operations in Spain and Walchcren had been planned , then they would vote for the Address proposed by his noble friend ; but , if they were influenced by a just sense of their country 's interests , and an honest feeling for its character and honour , their lordships would , in duty to themselves , to our brave troops , and to the public , exercise their constitutional privilege of carrying up advice to their sovereign , and endeavour by such seasonable interference to arrest the imprudent and impolitic measures of his Majesty 's present government . Upon these grounds he should move , to leave out all the words of the original Address after the word , `` That , '' for the purpose of inserting an Amendment to the following effect : — '' This House returns to his Majesty their thanks for his most gracious message , and for the communications which his Majesty has been graciously pleased to direct to be made to them ; and beg to assure his Majesty , that they will , without delay , enter upon the consideration of these most important subjects , in the present difficult and alarming state of these realms . '' considered the Amendment as a virtual motion for the removal of his Majesty 's ministers . It would , indeed , be more becoming the noble lord as well as a shorter course to his object , to have embodied the substance and gist of his speech in a specific proposition to that effect . The motion of the noble lord went not only to the length of removing ministers , but even to oblige the country to abandon Portugal . What else was the meaning of those arguments their lordships had just heard ? What else was the meaning of that appeal , of that dangerous and impolitic appeal to 526 the passions of the people , by displaying to them , in aggravated colours , the losses , the burthens they were called on to support ? He would