raised , and more judiciously applied , than could be expected under the present administration . stated that he was as desirous as man could be of retrenching the expenditure of the country wherever it could be effected without an injury to the interests of the state , but he believed , that few branches of the public offices could at present admit of any material diminution , when we had so powerful an enemy to contend with . The Manx Fencibles had been reduced since 1805 , to one-third of their then number , and if it should be deemed advisable , the cavalry could be also reduced ; but with respect to the Newfoundland Fencibles , he did not consider that they ought to suffer any diminution from considerations of economy ; indeed , additional grants ought rather to be made for the defence of that settlement , for it was not known but that the enemy , if ever an opportunity occurred , would endeavour to take , possession of it . In the time of the American war , France thought it of sufficient importance to send a large regular force there , which plundered the people , and in the space of a few days created a damage of half a million sterling . He readily allowed that many items might be decreased in our expenditure on the home service , but he did not know where to begin . A superintending controul was wanted to point out and abolish the expenses that would admit of it without detriment to the public service , and to check those additional charges which were yearly creeping into existence under whatever 624 administration the country had for the last twelve years been placed . Much retrenchment might be made , but it ought not to be entrusted to rude hands , who from a narrow habit of thinking , would do more harm than good . Whatever was to be done , ought to be tried and effected gently and gradually . said , that three modes presented themselves of reducing the expense of our home establishment : 1st , reducing the number of our local militia ; 2dly , reducing the quantity and quality of their clothing , or 3dly , diminishing the number of days of exercise , and reducing the pay of the non-commissioned officers . The two first modes were deemed inconsistent with the public service , but the last was adopted , by reducing the number of days of exercise from 28 to 22 in each year , and reducing the number of serjeants and corporals , which arrangement not only produced a saving to the country , but did less injury to the agricultural interest than the original plan had done . congratulated both the hon . gentleman on the other side , ( Mr. Rose and Mr. Huskisson ) on the new sentiments which they had this night expressed—on their zeal for that reform and retrenchment in the public expenditure , which they discountenanced so much in the last session , when proposed to the consideration of the House , by his hon . friend near him , ( Mr . Wardle . ) It was grateful to his mind , as well in respect to the gentlemen themselves , as for the public good , to witness the reform which had taken place in their opinions . The hon . gent . then adverted to some of the points in discussion . He reprobated the system on which the Manx fencibles were supported , and asserted that they were merely kept to serve a nobleman , upon ground which that House had formerly bought of him . He had received a letter from a correspondent in the isle of Man , from which he would inform the House , that the Manx fencibles , instead of being 300 strong , as represented by the noble lord , were actually 800 , with a complement of 24 officers . These commissions were held by attornies , tradesmen , and other individuals , resident on the island ; and , what was