his tail . The right hon . gent . had then proceeded to argue that if that expedition could not have been useful , no other expedition could have been useful . His gallant friend ( general Tarleton ) had however pointed out another expedition , which would have promised a much better diversion to Austria . If he were to adopt the mother tongue of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer and of most of his associates in office , he would say , that although indictments had been presented , the various counts in them could not be proved . There was a vast variety of subjects , all of which demanded inquiry . He would wish to know , why , in a season of unexampled calamity , the meeting of Parliament was so long delayed ? His Majesty had been advised to say , `` that he would not institute any inquiry into the conduct of his military and naval commanders , but that he referred it to the wisdom of Parliament to take the matter into their serious consideration . '' Now although in common circumstances , Parliament had frequently not met sooner , yet , in the present extraordinary and perilous circumstances , of the country , and when such a serious subject was to be submitted to the wisdom of Parliament , it appeared to him that they ought to have met sooner.—With respect to America , he also thought that there were most serious grounds for inquiry . He understood 86 that there had been suppression of material documents , and that the minister who was disavowed by his Majesty 's government ( Mr. Erskine ) , had a full justification for his conduct in signing the Treaty . He believed , that if the gentleman , who was at that time Secretary for Foreign Affairs ( Mr. Canning ) had displayed common wisdom and prudence in the negociation , America would not only have been friendly at the present moment , but in alliance with us against France . Great expectations were , it seems , conceived from the resistance of Austria . It was thought she might effectually oppose the power of France ; he confessed he was . not one of those who cherished such expectations ; he had no idea that had even the battle of Wagram , so fatal to Austria , been directly the reverse in its effect , it could have been so ruinous , as some supposed , to the power of Buonaparté . The war however once undertaken , and the two emperors finally committed , since England was to become active in the contest it was manifestly her interest to make an experiment in favour of Austria . How was this to be done ? The noble lord said by an attack on Flushing . Was this attack even , however unconnected it might seem with its alledged object , made in time ? Oh no , answered the noble lord , it was not : but then delay was inseparable from all insular Expeditions , and ministers should not be punished for the casualties of nature . Did the noble lord extend this apology beyond himself ? Was he not the very first to deny its validity , when his opponents were in power ? The delay , however proceeded not from any natural impediment , except that arising from the characteristic vacillation of the government ; for it appeared upon the trial of general Monnet , that he had information of the intended descent as far back as the 22d of April . The noble lord , indeed , had not laid such stress upon the execution of the project as the King 's Speech seemed to do ; a Speech , which by that one paragraph where this Expedition was mentioned , tended to reflect still greater ridicule on the country than it had already experienced . What ! could any one in his senses believe that for the contemptible object of blowing up a basin at Flushing , so much money ought to be cheerfully