, expressing his intention to oppose the Vote of Thanks , and in that referring to the log books of the fleet . Under all these circumstances , he hoped and trusted , that the House would , when a Vote of Thanks should be moved to an officer who had achieved a great service to his country , distinguish his merits by agreeing to that motion . He concluded , by moving as an amendment , that the word `` Minutes '' in the original motion be left out , and the word `` Sentence '' be inserted in its stead . observed , that the preceding speakers had saved him the trouble of proving the right of the House to interfere with the sentence of a court martial . The question therefore now related solely to the propriety of such an interference in the present case . If to prove the propriety of such an interference he would wish to cite an extreme case it would be the present . The noble lord had pledged his character in the most explicit manner , that , in the Minutes were produced , he would prove that the court martial had acted partially , and that lord Gambier was not deserving the thanks that were intended to be moved in his favour ; and he thought it it was impossible to believe the noble lord would do so , without being able to fulfil what he had promised . The right 229 hon . gent . opposite had said , that the House should be contented with the Sentence ; that , however , was what the noble lord complained of , and it seemed , there were things connected with it which could only be properly explained by the Minutes . In looking cursorily over the Minutes this morning , he thought there were some things which appeared to be against lord Gambier . The right hon . gent . had taunted his noble colleague with not having been the prosecutor of lord Gambier ; but his noble colleague certainly did not deserve to be so treated . He had no wish to bring him to a court martial . He felt and thought that lord Gambier had not done all he might have done ; and when he found that he was to be rewarded by a vote of thanks , he thought it but justice to his own character to oppose such a motion ; and with a candour which did him honour , he gave ministers notice of his intention . The noble lord , his colleague , had said , that lord Gambier had delayed sending in ships to support him . Lord Gambier himself allowed , that a lapse of time had taken place . If there was any distinction between the charge and the admission , lord Gambier 's was the strongest . A lapse of time , he feared , was a lapse of victory . It was a lapse of a tide . The old proverb said , that `` time and tide waited for no man . '' Lord Gambier thought they would ; but he found himself mistaken . The noble lord his colleague , was appointed to conduct the attack ; appointed by the admiralty for that purpose , and his orders should have been obeyed as the commander in chief . Lord Gambier 's principal concern seemed to have been to preserve the fleet . If lord Nelson , at the battle of the Nile , or in that glorious action in which he lost his life , had acted on this principle , he would never have been crowned with the laurels he so bravely won , nor would the thanks of that House , and the honours of his sovereign , have so eminently and gloriously distinguished him . Lord Gambier 's plan seemed to be a desire to preserve his Majesty 's fleet ; that of his noble colleague was to destroy that of the enemy . He had never heard that the articles of war held out an instruction to preserve the fleet