of discovering what offices it would be proper to abolish , and with that view it was fit that no impediment should arise in the mean time , but this could be evidently no argument for rendering a bill of this limited nature , perpetual . had not heard any argument from the noble and learned lord to induce him to think that this bill ought to be rejected . It was a subject respecting which there was a great anxiety on the part of the public , and he thought no time ought to be lost in considering it . He did not see the alledged inconsistency in the point of view urged by the noble and learned lord , nor did he think that if the bill were to pass in its present shape it would involve any absurdity . put the question for the second reading , which was negatived . He then moved , that the bill be rejected ; which was agreed to . then gave notice , that he should as soon as possible bring in another bill not liable to the same objection . of Scotland rose , to move for the production of certain papers relative to the produce of the taxes in Scotland . He had been induced to submit to the House a motion on the subject , from an assertion that had been made on a former occasion by the noble lord opposite , ( Mahon ) , stating that the Property Tax of Scotland was by no means proportionably productive to that of England , or to the amount of the other taxes in Scotland . This mistake must have arisen from two grounds , to which he felt it his duty to call the attention of the House . In the first place , the noble lord had taken his estimate of the Income Tax in Scotland from the produce of 1806 , when that duty was only 6½ per cent . and had compared it with that of England , of a subsequent year , when the duty was 10 per cent . A second ground of mistake , that had been entirely overlooked by the noble lord , was the circumstance of much of the Income Tax for Scotland being payable in England , and which of course being added to that of England , had a two-fold operation in producing this erroneous statement , adding to that of England what did not strictly belong to it , while it deducted from that of Scotland in the same proportion . From the papers he should move for , it would appear , that in 1808 , the net assessment of the Income Tax was 800,000l . collected in Scotland ; but , from the principle he had already laid down , it would be evident that a very considerable additional sum must be added to the amount for Scotland , though collected in England ; such was every description of property in the funds , all East India stock , navy and exchequer bills , and in short every species of public stock , which must be very considerable.—While all this was necessarily deducted from the real produce of the Scotch property tax , it was at the same time added to that of England , and thus gave to England an amount that did not belong to it . The whole amount of the tax upon money paid to the army and navy , on half-pay and allowances to widows , with other monies of a similar description , came also under the head of England , as well as the different sources of emolument connected with India , and our other settlements . There were , besides , many goods manufactured in Scotland that were sold in England , the estimated returns upon which were likewise added to the amount for England . He 439 might add also the Stamp Office , the Post Office , and in general all stamp duties , which though levied in Scotland , were added to the assessment in England . In s fact , it would