open for discussion . With regard to America , there certainly did appear to exist greater difficulties in reconciling the differences which had subsisted between them ; but even upon this point , widely as they had disagreed , the obstacles to an union did not appear to be insuperable . One of the great leading points of difference respecting America arose upon the Orders in Council , which the two noble lords had represented as most impolitic in principle , and as being , in their operation , big with ruin to the commerce of this country . Fortunately the policy or impolicy of the Orders in Council then no longer remained a question of theory ; it had been determined by the evidence of facts . So far from having ruined the commerce of the country , as had been confidently predicted , they had been productive of the most beneficial consequences . He was now happy to have it in his power to state , that the trade of this country in the last year , that is , to the quarter ending in October last , was , not only greater than it was the year before , but than it ever had been even in the most prosperous period . The exports for the year ending in Oct. 1809 , were greater by seven millions than during the most prosperous years of trade in the most favourable time of peace ; and , by ten millions , than during any preceding year of war . He did not mean to say that there were not other , circumstances which had operated with the Orders in Council to augment our commerce , but he had stated enough to shew that there was nothing so inconsistent with common sense ; nothing so calculated to ruin the trade of this country , in the Orders of Council , as the noble lords had contended . He had therefore flattered himself that he should have been able to remove one great ground of difference between those noble lords and himself , by an appeal to the experience and the incontestible evidence of facts . Another essential point of difference cer- 98 tainly was the Catholic Question ; but there again it appeared to him that the obstacles to an union had been , in a great degree , removed . After the noble lord and the right hon . gent. , who had presented the Catholic Petitions to both Houses of Parliament , had been disavowed by the Catholics , with regard to the offer which they had made relative to the veto on the appointment of bishops , he did think that they would naturally have come to the determination of not again supporting that Petition , until the Catholics should agree to that proposition , which the noble lord and the right hon . gent , had deemed so essential . And as it did not appear probable that the Catholics of Ireland would agree to that proposition , there seemed to be reasonable ground to believe that there was a greater chance of a concurrence of opinion , to a certain extent at least , between those two noble lords and the administration , than had heretofore existed . Under all these circumstances , he certainly had felt and thought , that there was a great probability that his proposition would have been acceded to , and that those two noble lords would have concurred with him in thinking , that in the present state of the country , it ought to be the wish of all men , of all parties , that the strongest and most efficient government should be formed . These were the reasons which had induced him to make the offer upon which the hon . gent . had commented so strongly . He could assure the hon . gentleman that , if he had anticipated that the proposition could have been deemed dishonourable to the character of those noble lords , he should have felt it dishonourable to his own character to tender it . But then the hon .