. But it had been said , that the Narrative contained no insinuation against the gallant admiral , or the naval part of the expedition . He knew , however , that sir R. Strachan did feel that serious insinuations against his conduct were contained in that paper . But what was still more grievous was , that if he should refute and repel every charge contained in the Narrative before the House he could have no security that a second statement would not then be produced , and then a third ; and so on , statement upon statement , and edition upon edition . He begged of gentlemen not to look upon this as a party question ; no , it was a question of justice to the navy , and particularly to the character of that gallant admiral , the idol of the navy , whose whole life had been devoted to the service of his country , who had frequently and gloriously distinguished himself in that service ; whose merits were well known to that House , as they had been rewarded with the highest distinctions it could bestow , and the most substantial proofs it could give of its marked approbation , in granting to him a parliamentary provision ; in addition to which honourable testimonials of his spen did merits , he had 573 also received from his sovereign the high honour of a red ribband . He could assure the House that that distinguished Officer felt acutely upon this occasion : and he could add , of his own knowledge , that the whole of the navy fully participated in his feelings and sentiments . What hon . member , he would ask , could , after voting against this motion , go down to his constituents and tell them , that on an occasion when the character of a gallant and most meritorious officer had been aspersed , and a paper had been moved for to enable him to meet the charges against him openly , and to refute them to the satisfaction of his country , he had voted against the production of such a paper . For his own part he knew nothing of the pigeon-holes and skulking-places which had been alluded to by an hon . member ; he only knew that this was a question of right , and that the invasion of the right of an individual , like the invasion of the country , ought to unite all parties in one common spirit of resistance . He had the honour to be admitted to the confidence of that gallant admiral , and whilst he had a seat in that House , or an opportunity any where of defending his rights or vindicating his character , he should always be proud to prove by his conduct , that he was not unworthy of that confidence , nor prepared to pass over any insinuations against him , which , upon every ground of truth and justice , he could so triumphantly refute . He had but one or two observations more to add , on a subject more personal to himself . An hon . member had read , from the statement of the earl of Chatham , a passage which represented that the flotilla under sir Home Popham had arrived nine days later than was expected at its destination up the Scheldt . The fact was , that this flotilla had been only 42 hours later . On the 9th of August , it was ordered to proceed ; and , on the evening of the 11th , as appeared from the dispatch of that distinguished officer , sir R. Keats , it arrived at its position , and one of the enemy 's gun-boats was burnt in the midst of the flotilla . He had sailed up the river , at night , with a foul wind , without any buoys in the river , and depending for the safe passage of his division upon his personal recollection of the state of the channel , having 16 sail of sloops of war and 50 gun-brigs and