for the complaints of the Irish distiller on the fluctuation of the revenue laws , and would endeavour to obviate similar complaints , in the system he now proposed to have adopted , by granting licences for three years , which would give stability to speculation , instead of for one year , as had hitherto been the practice . There was another point which was deserving of all consideration , and which he had been induced to adopt , after the most minute investigation . It was at once , to reduce the duties from their present rate , 5s . 8d . per gallon , to 2s . 6d . He was satisfied that the revenue would not suffer by this ; for though in the first year there might be a risk of diminution , yet , when the illicit trade was destroyed , which he was convinced would be the tendency of this measure , the sum paid to government by the legal distiller , would much more than counterbalance the lower rate of duty . Another of his objects would be to simplify the law . Those who now entered into the distillation trade could not be expected to be men of much education . The less complicated the revenue laws were , it would be the more advantageous ; he would , therefore , abolish entirely the existing distinctions and drawbacks on the quantity of malt or spirits , and simply to charge 2s . 6d . per gallon on the quantity distilled . To avoid the increased expence of collecting the revenue , he proposed to have the collectors of hearth rates and assessed taxes employed also in collecting this branch of the revenue , without the intervention of the excise . His object was to pass a law beneficial to Ireland , and he would gladly listen to suggestions from every side of the House , without thinking of party , or difference of feelings on other points . He therefore invited gentlemen to communicate to him every idea that would tend to render the measure generally useful . Revenue , though from his situation it might be thought so , was not his sole object . By the proposed system , the morals of the people also , which were so injured by those illicit stills , would be improved , and the laws , now contemned , would , by being enforced , become more respected . A dangerous class of persons would be put down . He alluded to those , who without the cognizance of , and unknown to the magistrate , kept houses for the sale of spirits , illegally distilled , under whose roofs had originated many of the evils 655 which had lately so much distressed Ireland . With these objects in view , he moved , `` That the chairman be instructed to ask leave to bring in a hill to alter and amend the laws in force respecting the distillation in Ireland . '' expressed his satisfaction at the measure proposed by the right hon . gent . and his readiness to co-operate with him as far as lay in his power , in carrying it into execution . He accorded most cordially with the proposition , which went to do what he had for the last four years pressed upon the consideration of the House.—He had ever wished to impress upon them the necessity of dispersing small stills over the country ; and he had twice taken the sense of the House upon the question of withdrawing the bounties from the large stills . On one or two points of minor importance , however , he differed from the right hon . gent . He could not impute the increase of the illicit trade so much to the prohibition of distillation from grain , as it was known to exist to a very great extent before passing of that measure . Neither could he accord with the principle of survey , as necessary or beneficial to the revenue . It gave rise to frauds on the part of the trader , and