Let those who wished for justice vote for the Amendment : in his opinion they must do it ; for , in the prima facie case , there was a decisive incontrovertible conclusion against ministers . He was not to be understood by this as condemning the naval or military commanders who were employed in its execution . No ; an inquiry here was indeed necessary ; it remained to be seen whether they had failed from any misconduct of their own , or whether in the very outset , all hopes of success were blighted by the imbecility of those who appointed them , and by the folly of the orders they received . How fatal were all the measures of government ! how contrary to all natural expectations ! did the Chancellor of the Exchequer recollect—would his bickerings with his colleagues allow him to recollect in what a proud situation he stood at the conclusion of last session ? Spain protracting the contest , and Austria , after a few years peace , flourishing and zealous , entering into the war ! ministers at least considered this a proud situation . He confessed he never looked with much hope to the exertions of Austria ; he did not even think that she entered into the war upon just grounds . She was boundlessly increasing her force , France demanded its diminution , and with this demand Austria refused to comply . The very refusal authorised a war ; for if two powers ( as France and England ) were 89 at war , and a third power ( Austria ) naturally connected with one of them , encreases her force , and refuses to diminish it at the desire of the other , the inference can only be that she was preparing for hostility ; let it be recollected also that on this very ground , and with infinitely less reason , England herself broke the Treaty of Amiens . From such prospects he now turned to the Affairs of Spain . Even with all his respect for lord Wellington , he could not approve of the battle of Talavera—it had no good end , and only tended to establish what was never questioned , the superior valour of our soldiers . Our victories , indeed , were this night the particular theme of congratulation ; and Maida , Corunna , Vimiera , and Talavera , were held up as monuments of our eternal glory ; he beheld them only as so many gladiatorial exhibitions . None of them were happy in their consequences or beneficial in their results . Maida left the inhabitants in the same state in which ministers said , had we made a diversion in the north of Germany , we should have left the inhabitants of that country , at the mercy of a cruel enemy . At Corunna we lost general Moore , to prove the valour of our soldiers . What ! was our population so redundant that we could spare men to prove what no one doubted ? Was the valour of Britain so questionable , that a bloody experiment was necessary to prove it ? Had we so many skilful generals , that they were become superfluous ? Alas ! how shall we dry up the tears of the orphan , or reimburse the exhausted means of the beggared citizen ! The battle of Vimiera , followed by the disgraceful Convention of Cintra , had better never have taken place ; and Talavera was , at best , but an exhibition of rash confidence and victorious temerity . The right hon . gent , had said last session , that a battle ought never to be risked in Spain , until there was an efficient government in that country ; yet he now recanted the principle , by conferring honours upon sir Arthur Wellesley—for whom , and for the country , it would have have been much more honourable , had he never changed his name . His conduct in Spain seemed the result of infatuation . After defeating Soult , he re-crossed the Douro , for the purpose