still stretch forth a hand to succour those who were yet struggling for life against the angry waves . To be successful in that generous course he felt that they must be unanimous ; he felt that there could be but one sentiment among the men to whom he addressed himself , and that that sentiment must do honour to themselves and to their country . said , that in rising to move an Amendment to the Address which had been just read , he should state very shortly the reasons which prevented him from giving that Address his concurrence . 44 At the close of the last session of parliament , the public mind was led to expect that some great and Well-timed efforts would be made for supporting Austria in the arduous but decisive struggle in which she was then engaged . How far it was politic in England to interfere with the continent , was a question for future discussion ; but certainly , it could be no question , that when we did resolve to give assistance , we should give that assistance in a manner the most likely to prove effectual . At the same time , considering how much the country was loaded with taxes , the object to be attained should have been manifest , and the probability of success great . Whatever efforts were to have been made , should have been prepared with the most rigid attention to public economy , which the nature of the service would admit , or a due regard to the object to be attained , render practicable . Instead of such attention to economy , however , the most extravagantly expensive plans were formed , and the most extensive armaments fitted out , without one solid reason for supposing that they were such as could eventually tend to the relief of our allies : or to the promotion of the honour or the maintenance of the security of Great Britain . The point to which our assistance should have been directed , was another subject of the highest moment and deserving of the most mature consideration . Discontents had , about the close of last session , shewn themselves in many places , in the north of Germany and elsewhere . But in the mean time , the attention of ministers at home was directed to very different objects , to cabinet cabals and official intrigues , which brought disgrace and contempt on the character of the government . To take advantage of the demonstrations of a rising spirit of resistance to France , ought to have been our object ; but , instead of that , we delayed our expeditions till the hopes of Austria were destroyed , and then sent them on destinations where our resources were squandered , our brave troops sacrificed , and all our enterprises attended with complete failure . Continued disgraces betel the country , and accumulated disasters marked the measures of its government ; but of all our calamities , the unfortunate expeditions to Spain and Walcheren claimed a lamentable pre-eminence . The failure of the campaign of 1808 , in Spain , seemed to have no other consequence than to induce 33 * ministers to risk a repetition of its fatal issue by a renewal of the same blind confidence in the co-operation of the Spanish government and armies , and a recurrence to the same destructive policy . At that period , though we had brave troops , and good generals , still a superior force opposed to us , and a government aiding us by decrees which it was too weak to enforce , should have shewn us the impolicy of our operations . During the whole of the antecedent campaign , sir John Moore was never succoured by a single Spanish army : indeed , every day gave us more occasion to admire the vadour and regret the fate of that lamented officer . All the skill and perseverance which he evinced were only sufficient to facilitate and secure the retreat of our ill-fated army . What was the result of this experience ?