grant of peerages , as the reward of naval or military successes , and therefore , felt disposed to take this opportunity of commenting upon the other honours , which , in so conspicuous a manner , had been conferred upon the noble general . He supposed this vote of thanks would be followed , by another proceeding for granting a pecuniary remuneration . Their lordships would reflect upon the impolicy of granting titles of nobility to men whose fortunes were not adequate to suppport the dignity . It was of importance to the country that the peerage should not be so bestowed , because though no bad consequence may follow while the titled individual lived , the defect of fortune was likely to render his successors dependents on the crown . Perhaps it would better promote the ends of military fame and reputation , if an institution were established , from whence might be granted different orders of military merit . It would excite the same spirit of valour , without producing any of those inconveniences to the constitution , which resulted from the conferring of titles of nobility . Having adverted to this subject , as connected with the constitution , he was ready to allow that such heroes as the great Marlborough and Nelson , were entitled to the highest honours and estates , which had been granted to them and their successors . The battle of Talavera was one which , in all its circumstances did not appear to him entitled to such rewards ; and therefore he considered it proper to address these sentiments to the House , as an explanation why he could not concur in the motion now submitted to their consideration . expressed his wish to offer a few remarks upon the question proposed for their lordships decision . He was not possessed of those talents , and that experience , which belonged to the noble lord opposite ( earl Grey ) who appeared to be attending to every thing he might urge , and was preparing to answer every argument . Still , however inferior he might consider himself to the noble earl , in other respects , he could not reconcile it to his feelings or his duty not to communicate his sentiments on this occasion to the House . Looking at the conduct of the noble general , in his march from Portugal to the battle of Talavera ; looking to the decided victory obtained there ; and then contemplating the circumstances of his able retreat , he felt 139 bound to say , that , in his opinion no general ever deserved more honour or reward.—What would the noble lords opposite have said , if he had remained inactive in Portugal , and not marched into the interior of Spain ? What would have been their outcry , if such had been his conduct ? Why , then it would have been said , there was no necessity for his remaining in Portugal ; we were in possession of Portugal . What benefit could result to the Spanish cause , if he had remained inactive on the frontiers of Spain ? —But lord Wellington had done all which prudence could suggest , and valour carry into execution . He took a position at Talavera which reflected lustre on his talents ; and , though his army was harassed , fatigued , and had undergone the utmost privations , it was in that state they were opposed to the French army , luxuriously supplied with every comfort which French commissariats could furnish , and one of the most splendid victories which was ever recorded , was gained by the skill and ability of the general and the steady discipline and determined valour of the British army almost unassisted . For this they were entitled to the gratitude , applause and affection of their country , and the unanimous thanks of that House . It was a victory so redundant with glory , that if any errors were in the way , they ought to be overshadowed by the laurels which had been acquired there . He wished to say