, upon the very same principles which had been stated by his right hon . friend who spoke last , for supporting it . But , he maintained , that there was no analogy whatever between the two cases quoted by his right hon . friend . For , in the one case , the paper was in existence , and referred to the Expedition to the Scheldt ; but in the other case , in that to which the present motion alluded , it did not ap- 583 pear that there was any paper whatever— indeed , it was distinctly alledged that there was no such paper in any of the ministerial offices . Suppose the Narrative of lord Chatham was kept back by ministers ; suppose it were a paper which they did not choose to divulge , what would the House think of them ? Instead of withholding such an important document they had , on the contrary , without hesitation , sought and found it in the proper office , and like an honest man his right hon . friend had produced it when called for by that House . But what was his right hon . friend to do in pursuance of the motion now before them ? Was it demanded that he should rummage the King 's escrutoire to search for any communications that might be found there with respect to the Expedition to the Scheldt ? Was it to be contended that if a private letter upon a public subject were addressed to the Sovereign , that letter was to be laid before that House , if it had any allusion to the matter of this motion ? Such arguments were not to be endured , and upon these grounds he should vote against the motion . felt , that although he had good reason to be satisfied with the condition of the debate , it was yet necessary for him to offer something upon the observations which the House had heard in opposition to his motion ; but as to the learned gent . who spoke last , with the most sincere , unfeigned respect for that gentleman , he would pass him over very lightly . He begged , however , to correct a mistake of that learned gentleman upon one point . He did not want papers cujus cunque generis to be produced , but those sui generis , which were applicable to his motion . Now , as to the speech of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , he confessed that he had heard it with delight , not only because it was the first time that he had ever happened to experience the support of that right hon . gent. , but also because the speech itself was marked by all that peculiar character of reasoning , and ability of statement which belonged to that right hon . gentleman . It was , however , free from those sallies of wit and humour , which were wont to excite such pleasure among the gentlemen who occupied the ministerial benches . But the right hon . gent . had no reason to regret the silence with which his speech was heard . He was not so loudly and liberally cheered tonight , but sure he was , the right hon . 584 gent . had never delivered a speech which his old friends so strongly , perhaps , so severely felt . There were many subtleties and sophisms advanced by gentlemen on the other side , which he did not think it necessary to notice , as they had been already so ably exposed and refuted by the right hon . gent . on the lower bench ( Mr. Bathurst ) , who was fully competent to the task . Bat something had fallen from the hon . officer on the other side ( general Loft ) , upon which he could not forbear to remark . That hon . officer , the professed advocate , the acknowledged friend of lord Chatham , had stated , that the noble lord 's Narrative was presented in