and whose interest he had described it to be to misrepresent the state of Spain , and the feelings of the Spanish people . Surely , it could not be supposed that gentlemen of high private characters and great professional reputation could feel any thing like a personal interest in keeping up the delusion , as it was called , with respect to the real state of Spain . But in the whole of the speech of the hon . gent , to whom he was now alluding , there was no part which he more sincerely regretted than that part of it , in which he spoke of the affairs of Spain , and of the exertions of the Spanish people . That the defender ? of Saragossa and Gerona should be represented as exhibiting no single trait of generosity or enthusiasm was surely not liberal . Well , too , might that hon . gent , censure what had been done by his majesty 's government to aid the Spanish cause , when he said that that cause did not deserve success . For his part he was persuaded , that neither in ancient nor in modern history could such an example be found , of a country maintaining a contest like that which this `` degraded '' Spain and this `` degraded '' Spanish government had so long supported . Never , in recent times , had 250,000 Frenchmen been in a country for such a length of time without subduing it . Spain was not subdued ; but what effect on the energies of Spain such language as had been used to night might produce , it was impossible to predict . It was much to be lamented that the struggle in Spain would probably be most severe ; but the difficulties they encountered and the reverses they had sustained , had not yet had the effect of subjecting the determined resistance of the Spanish nation . At every defeat a new army sprang up ; and the Spaniards , animated by their hostility to the usurper of their rights , would maintain a determined resistance to the last.—With respect to the late campaign , he could not agree with the hon . gentlemen 104 on the other side of the House ; he could not agree that in any instance disgrace had followed our arms . As the movements of general sir John Moore in the year 1808 , and the battle of Corunna , had saved the South of Spain that year , so he believed the expulsion of the French from Portugal and Galicia , the junction of lord Wellington with Cuesta , and the battle of Talavera , saved the South of Spain this year . What would have become of Spain if the British had not arrived at Portugal when Soult had taken Oporto ? An hon . general opposite , had given a confident opinion that Portugal could not be defended with 30,000 men ; but the hon . general seemed to forget that there was a native force of 40,000 Portuguese , trained and disciplined by British officers , and that it would require a vigorous effort on the part of the French to succeed against 30,000 British troops , and 40,000 native troops conducted by British officers.—There was only one point more to which he wished to advert . The hon . gent , who spoke last had asked his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) when he had not an opportunity of answering , whether he had not kept from parliament last session a document which would have justified Mr. Erskine for signing the treaty with America ? If there existed such a document it had escaped his recollection , and he was convinced that whoever had given the hon . gentleman his information had misled him . When this subject was under discussion last session his right hon . friend had stated his reasons for producing the document which was then produced , viz . to justify his Majesty 's government for refusing to agree to the Treaty signed by Mr. Erskine . He