this instruction to the Committee , who had an hundred times better means than he had to ascertain the truth , he should bring forward a bill , in which he would name all the sinecure places enumerated in the report to which he had alluded , leaving it for the House to retain or abolish those they thought fit . He would not allow so important an object to be defeated by a side wind ; and , shame upon England , if the bill should be rejected . rose pursuant to notice , and after a few preliminary observations , moved , `` That there be laid before the House copies of dispatches from Mr. Erskine to Mr. Secretary Canning dated the 3d and 4th of December , 1808 ; and also copies of dispatches from Mr. Erskine to Mr. Smith , dated in August 1808 . '' declared , that as no inconvenience was now likely to arise to his Majesty 's government from the production of those papers , he had not the slightest objection to their being laid upon the table . He was not in the House on a former night when mention was made of a dispatch , relative to which some difference of opinion had originated . A question had arisen between Great Britain and America with respect to the propriety of ratifying the agreement into 314 which Mr. Erskine had entered with the United States . It was the opinion of the British cabinet , that such agreement ought to be abolished , and of the American , that it ought to be kept . Of the former opinion he decidedly was ; and although he did not wish to impute blame to Mr. Erskine , still he was of opinion , that good faith was to be kept up between the nations only by a disavowal in toto of Mr. Erskine 's power to come to any such conclusions as he did . It was totally a different question whether Mr. Erskine 's original instructions were wise , and whether he was warranted in infringing them . On a former occasion , when he thought the production of these papers might do mischief , he was averse to their publication ; but now since there could be no longer any danger , he was anxious for that publication . He hoped the House would examine them with care ; and in the course of the examination , if he saw any necessity for other documents , he should himself move for them As to the compact with America , all he should say was , that Mr. Erskine , in entering into that compact , had totally disobeyed his instructions , and of course his Majesty was by no means bound to observe it . hoped , as the right horn gent , had declared Mr. Erskine guilty of disobeying his instructions , he , on the production of these papers , would be competent to verify his assertion . For his part , he held a very different opinion , and pledged himself to shew , that the substance of the instructions were strictly observed ; and then the question would be reversed , and the right hon . gent . would have to shew why he ran counter to the instructions which he had himself dictated . He did not mean to speak from authority on the subject ; but he had heard , that if the dispatch marked No . 1 , had been produced , it would have set matters in a totally different point of view . He was happy , however , that the affair was about to be candidly examined , and had little doubt it would appear , that Mr. Erskine had wisely observed his instructions . thought it his duty to declare , that the instructions were observed neither in substance nor in spirit . moved for the appointment of a Secret 315 Committee , `` to whom should be referred the inspection and selection of certain secret information and confidential communication laid before his Majesty 's ministers , with respect