trusted , that it would be inserted upon the Journals , in order that , if necessary , application might be made to it on a future occasion . stated , that it was the uniform rule to have the answer inserted on the Journals . stated his desire before he brought forward the motion of which he had given notice , to set himself right with the House and the country , in answer to charges brought against him by ministers upon a former night . He was then told that his object was to disband the army and stop its pay . The injustice of such a charge was evident from the fact , that the delay his motion would occasion in voting the Army Estimates , could not be productive of any such effect , inasmuch as the Mutiny bill in England would not expire before the 25th of March , nor in 604 Ireland until the 1st of April.—Independent of that , the House had already voted the sum of five millions for the army . Surely , then , the House would do him the justice of believing , that his motives were not those imputed to him , and that he was but exercising his duty when he objected to give such an army as was voted last year , after the evidence they had received ; namely , that out of 105,000 effective men according to the last year 's estimates , ministers could not provide in the month of March last 16,000 for foreign service . But , he was told by ministers , that it would be much more correct to bring at once a specific charge against them , rather than take his present course . His answer was , that he would not vole an army so large to their disposal , whom he accused of being criminally lavish of the blood and treasure of the country—to whose conduct , he attributed the loss of Spain , and the depreciation of the king 's government in the estimation of the public . Such men he would not trust with the nation 's means to be squandered in such expeditions as that to Walcheren . The hon . baronet concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the House a Return of the amount of the Expenditure of the Military Force of the country from the 24th of Dec. 1808 , to the 25th of Dec . 1809 . '' stated , that if it was in the contemplation of the hon . mover to have an account of the expenditure of our whole military force , both at home and abroad , that was impracticable without considerable delay . There could be no objection to produce an account of the sums issued by the Secretary at War for the time , although from the late period at which the hon . baronet brought forward his motion , he could not see how it was possible that such return could answer his object . suggested , that it would be adviseable for the future so to provide that the Mutiny bill should not expire until a more advanced period of the session . said it would be impossible to prepare within a given time the general account required by the present motion , the only practicable object would be to obtain the sums issued . considered it no answer to a member of parliament , wishing to inquire into the public expenditure , to be told that the account could not be made up . It was only a proof that our system of ac- 605 counts was defective and ought to be corrected . contended that the House should pause before it voted a new army to ministers , who , as was proved in evidence , could not out of 105,000 effective voted last year , provide , in the month of March last , 16,000 for the public service . answered , that the explanation on that point was , that although there were 105,000 effective men , there could not at that time be