, that they had never relaxed in their endeavours to awaken the government of Portugal to a sense of their perilous condition . It was not the fault of ministers , nor was it the fault of the person they had sent there as his Majesty 's representative , ( who , he would take that opportunity of declaring , had discharged his duty honestly , diligently , and faithfully ) if the exertions of the Portuguese government were not correspondent to the danger and magnitude of the crisis . But he must intreat their lordships to recollect the particular state of Portugal at that time . Truly , indeed , might it be said to have been without a government ; it was a country deserted , in fact ; all the antient and established authorities having disappeared with the Prince Regent . But even under these unpromising circumstances every thing was done that could have been done . There was no time lost ; there was no ex- 528 ertion untried ; there was no measure neglected . The provisional government at the outset gave consent , at the instance of the British minister , that 20,000 men should be raised in Portugal , which were to be taken into British pay , and within a few months after 16,000 of these were actually in the field , and government had the positive assurance of Mr. Villiers that every man of them would be raised . With regard to that army , he had the satisfaction of knowing and stating to their lordships that every exertion was made by the Portuguese government to render it effective . Never were greater exertions made to provide a sufficient force , and never were they more successful . As to the objection that they had seen no service , every army must have a beginning . The noble baron had the candour to acknowledge , that in that country could be found as good materials as in any other , out of which to form an army , and it was to be hoped , when occasion called for their exertions in a military capacity , they would be found to do their duty . The motion of his noble friend went no further than to concur with his Majesty 's Message in recognizing the policy of subsidizing a certain number of Portuguese troops . If the noble baron was not inclined to concur in the principle of that measure , let him declare it ; not by a side wind , not by an indirect attack on ministers , but by an immediate and explicit motion to withdraw the army from Portugal . If the defence of that country was of that hopeless and desperate nature that the noble baron conceived it , the sooner the army was withdrawn the better . The noble baron had talked as if war had not its chances and reverses , as if the risks in military operations , were not always proportioned to the magnitude of the object , and had triumphantly asked , what had they gained in the peninsula ? What had they gained ! Why they had gained the hearts and affections of the whole population of Spain and Portugal ; they had gained that of which no triumphs , no successes of the enemy could deprive them . In Portugal such was the affection of the inhabitants , that there was not a want of a British soldier that was not instantly and cheerfully supplied . Look to Spain . What was the feeling of the people of Spain , even in that awful moment of national convulsion and existing revolution ? It was that of the most complete deference to the British minister and government ; 529 and so perfect was their confidence in both , that they placed their fleet under the orders of the British admiral . Would a cold , cautious , and phlegmatic system of policy have ever produced such proofs of unbounded confidence ? Would indifference have produced those strong and signal proofs of affection ? Whatever might be the issue of the