had inadvertently perhaps , in this instance , endeavoured to impose a restriction upon the discretion of the House , which he felt it his duty to resist . Though he had voted on the former night with the majority , he did not look upon himself as thereby fettered as to his vote on this occasion . As he had been misunderstood with respect to the grounds of that vote which appeared not to have given , satisfaction to the gentlemen on either side , he begged to state the reasons that induced him to vote as he had done . It was his opinion that the words of the Amendment then moved and which proposed inquiry went farther than that object , in anticipating the result of the inquiry , and therefore , he could not vote for it.—The hon . gent . had also observed , that it was not competent for them to vote now for a question which had been otherwise decided by a majority on a former occasion . He could not subscribe to this doctrine ; and , though he had been misunderstood by gentlemen on both sides , he considered himself as free to give his vote , this night , as he had been on the former . He then gave his vote for the reasons he had stated , which appeared to him to be sound and sufficient . Yet a gentleman on this side ( the Opposition , ) had afterwards told him , that his vote was in opposition to one he had given in a former session , and that he was not acquainted with `` Parliamentary tactics . '' He did not wish to be acquainted with any tactics ; he voted on all occasions as his conscience dictated . He voted for the Address , but not against inquiry ; and he opposed the Amendment , because it not only courted inquiry , but anticipated the result . The only difference of opinion now was , whether they should at this moment pledge themselves to enter into an inquiry , or should wait till the promised papers should be produced . There was then an end of all the objections against the speech of the noble lord , which went to establish evidence to prove the necessity for coming to the resolution now . The noble lord was placed in an awkward predicament ; for if he had merely stated his object , he would have been answered . 183 `` You have shewn no grounds why we should come to this decision ; '' and when he did state his grounds , he was accused by the hon . gent . of going into unfounded detail . The question , as it really stood , was a very fair one , and proper for discussion . By moving the previous question the hon . gent . admitted that a prima facie case for inquiry existed . There was a precedent in the case of the Spanish papers , on which occasion he had agreed , that it was proper to wait for their production before they voted inquiry necessary . But they were not to look for precedents , every question must stand on its own ground ; and he thought if ever there was a time when inquiry was called for , it was now , when so much of the fortune , the interests and the fame of the country depended upon the issue . The noble lord , instead of being blamed for over-stating his case , ought to be thanked for his candour and moderation . He agreed with the noble lord , that it was not necessary to press the mode of inquiry upon the House , but they owed it to the country to give a distinct pledge that inquiry of some kind should take place . It could take place in no way but in a Committee , either of the whole House , or select : and all that was asked was that , be the manner what it may , the matter should at all