his county , not one half of the local militia had been out on duty , or received their clothing . In other counties , they had not been called out at all . He should be glad , therefore , to know whether the whole of the money voted last year had been spent . This the right hon . gent . had refused to let the House know , and on this ground he was cautious , of voting more money till he should know how it was to be applied . He was well assured that not a man could take the field that did not cost government eight pounds for his clothing , and not a man could be trained at a less expence than eight pounds more ; so that in the year of clothing each local militia-man would cost the country 16l . All he wanted to know then , was , what portion of the local militia had been furnished with clothing last year , and what part was to be clad during the present . He wished to be informed of the expenditure of the past year , in order that he might judge of the correctness of the estimates for the present year . If in a man 's private concerns , he were to be asked for the expences of this week , would he not call for an account of the expenditure of the last week ? He was confident on this subject that the whole of the local militia had not either been clothed , trained , or armed last year , and as a member of that House , he felt that he had a right to call for information how far the money granted last session for that service had been expended upon it . The noble lord had stated that the expence was to be reduced in the present year . Perhaps it might not be the intention of the right hon . gent . to call out the whole of that force , or to furnish it with clothing this year . It had been said , indeed that this force could not be rendered efficient , but he was not one of those who thought it might not be rendered an efficient force even without the staff , by the attention of the country gentlemen commanding the corps and connected with its formation . He was confident , that if the regiments of local militia were to be sent out on duty for a month , they would acquire , if not a perfect knowledge of discipline , considerable dexterity in the use of arms , —Much had 664 been done in many cases by individual exertion ; though , in several other instances , he feared that little had been done , because scarcely any thing was attempted . Upon the subject of the waggon train , he had but one observation to make . Either it was a good corps to be kept up , or it was not ; if it was good , why reduce it ? and if not good , why not do it away altogether ? Five troops , it appeared , were to be reduced , and seven kept up , on the ground that five were serving advantageously with lord Wellington 's army . It had been said , indeed , that lord Wellington thought well of the services of this corps ; but this was the authority of that noble person against his own authority on a former occasion ; for it was well known that lord Wellington had given that corps a far different character in a former instance . But though it might be desirable to keep up the part of the corps serving with lord Wellington 's army for the present , he would ask , why measures had not been taken for its reduction whenever that army should return , if ever , as he sincerely hoped it should return , to this country ? The enormous expence of the staff he considered so glaring , that he could