. A great deal was to have been done by a noble marquis ( Wellesley ) , whom he expected that night to have seen , not only countenancing his friends by his looks , but defending them by his eloquence . That noble marquis , however , whether from a negociation with his majesty 's ministers , or some other cause , had , after his appointment , remained for months in London , instead of proceeding to his post at Seville . He saw much to blame in the conduct of lord Wellington , in a military point of view . With regard to the battle of Talavera , he condemned that un can did calculation , which represented it as a victory gained over an enemy double our force . When the Spanish army was taken into the account , the superiority was greatly on our side . The survey of the campaign in the Peninsula was followed by a luminous summary of the whole argument , and a pathetic appeal to the honour , wisdom , and humanity of the house , to relieve the country , if possible , by supporting the Amendment , from the accumulated disgrace and misery , which must inevitably be the consequence of the neglect of the high duties of parliament on this most serious occasion . rose in reply to lords Grey and Grenville , and , in an able speech , went through and answered the topics of these noble lords . He observed , that the Amendment was unprecedented in parliamentary history . It first went to condemn certain measures , and afterwards requested an inquiry into them . It was completely the judgment of Rhadamanthus , audit castigatque ; by which the House might , if they adopted it , reduce themselves to this situation , that they might first condemn administration , and , upon investigation , it might turn out that there was no cause of blame . He next adverted to the operations of our army in Portugal and Spain , and insisted that they had been most beneficial for the interest of this country , and whenever the details came to be inquired into , he pledged himself to prove , that the conduct of our general and 36 army had been most wise and beneficial . He instanced as a proof , that the provinces of Estremadura , Galicia , and Asturias , had been completely cleared of the French forces , and although it was true that they had by surprize defeated two Spanish armies , yet they had not been able to gather any fruit from their victories , for they had not advanced one step.—With respect to the Expedition to Walcheren , his lordship admitted , that ministers knew of the Austrian armistice before it sailed , but he was ready to contend that it nevertheless operated as a favourable diversion for Austria . But it was not merely with that view that it had been undertaken . It had also other objects which were wholly British . It was known to be a favourite measure of our enemy to form a naval arsenal and dock at the mouth of the Scheldt , and it had been always admitted by professional men , that if an invasion of this country were ever to be attempted , it could never be effected but from the Scheldt . It was therefore an object of importance to defeat the views of our enemy , by destroying that port which he had with so much industry and at such great expence been preparing . And in this object we at least had succeeded ; for , in the opinion of professional men , it would require much less time and expence to form a new harbour and arsenal than restore the one which we had destroyed at Flushing.—Nor was this the only object it had effected . It had been serviceable to Austria , for it had diverted to the Banks of the Scheldt , a large body of conscripts which were intended to have acted against her . And for that