? The cases of lord Bristol , and that of the seven Bishops , were exactly in point ; there the difficulty was found . And where the House , having those precedents before their eyes , going to put themselves in the same situation ? The precedent in itself was dangerous , for it was laying down one for all general officers . The circumstances in themselves were ludicrous . Here was a minister , sent by the king 's ministers , as Commander in Chief of the greatest Expedition ever sent out of the country , keeping up a correspondence with the king unknown to his ministry . As a minister he did not doubt his right of having an easy access to the royal ear , and of giving advice as to his department ; but here it was different ; for as Commander in Chief , he had no such right ; but , contrary to all constitutional precedent , he delivered the narrative to his Majesty , hiding it from the secretary of state carefully . After using the most just and complimentary epithets on the excellent , upright , and impartial conduct of the Speaker , he concluded by saying , that there never was an occasion in which the House stood so much in want of his assistance , and called upon him to give his opinion . was of opinion , on constitutional grounds , that the narrative should be put out of sight , or that it should lie dormant on the table ; and when lord Chatham came as a witness before the Committee , let it be put in his hand , and if he identified it , the Committee could act upon it . was sorry that the observations which he had heard that night , had been made use of , as they might tend to injure the reputation of officers , who were liable to be brought to court martial . said , as the paper was before them , it was expedient that they should take it into consideration ; but the manner in which it came before them , was to be deplored , and he should for ever lament that it was called for at all . rose , and said , he trusted the House would not be surprised at his delay in giving his opinion ; as to his right , it could not be doubted . He had kept back with the intention of forming and giving the best opinion his judgment and ability would allow . The motion of the hon . member , ( general Loft ) was correct . It had been the custom of that House to believe the averment of any 493 hon . member . There were precedents in the year 1776 , when the House thought proper to call for a Memorial delivered to his Majesty , in his private closet , by an Imperial Resident . In that , as in the present case , his Majesty had graciously condescended to send , by the proper channel , one of his privy council , the paper asked for , to which the House was entitled to give full credit . On his first opening the narrative before them , he found the name of Chatham ; yet he felt doubtful at first whether it ought to be received and acknowledged by that House on account of its not bearing the signature , of any of his Majesty 's secretaries of state : but considering by whom it was presented , and knowing that he was accountable to that hon . House for its authenticity , he waved his doubts until he sent for some papers , which , on perusing , he found that lord North had presented several similar papers , and that he was considered prima facie accountable , a circumstance , which , in his opinion , left the House at full liberty to discuss the merits of the Narrative . The Speaker concluded by saying , the House would bear in their recollection that he did not presume