The instructions of that gallant general were either erroneous and defective , or he had not the means to carry forward his victorious army . And what was still worse , two great Spanish armies , left to themselves , had been since successively cut to pieces , while a British army remained idle and inactive in their vicinity . After such scenes of calamity , their lordships would disgrace themselves and fail in their duty , if they did not adopt the course recommended by his noble friend who moved the amendment . The country at large was looking to the result of that night , and the House ought not to disappoint its just expectations . After the experience of last year , they had nothing to expect in the present one , but increased disasters , if the administration of affairs remained in the same hands . To reject the Amendment would be only to make their lordships parties to the shifts and evasions by which ministers sought to get rid of the subject . could not but acknowledge , that there was much to regret , and perhaps much to reprehend , both in the expedition to Spain , and especially in that to Walcheren . He could not , however , bring himself to think , that the Amendment proposed by his noble friend was altogether unobjectionable . It appeared to him that it would condemn without inquiry . There was much of irritation , and much of despondency in the public mind at this moment , and the adopting such a proceeding would not tend to sooth the one , or to reanimate the other . He was a friend to moderation , and he trusted his conduct had shewn him to be a friend to justice on all occasions . In the present instance , a regard to justice and moderation would dissuade him from acceding to the Amendment as it now stood . The second paragraph of it was inadmissible at the present moment ; it was for inquiry , but he did not see the necessity of coupling it with the Address to the crown in the manner proposed by the 30 Amendment . He wished an early day might be fixed for going into that inquiry , end he wished the inquiry to be full and rigorous ; but he was not for prejudging the conduct of his majesty 's government , which would be the case if the Amendment of his noble friend were adopted without any alteration . pointed out the difference of opinion which prevailed among I the noble lords who were prepared to disapprove of the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , and was of opinion , that few of their lordships would be disposed to go the full length of the noble baron who had moved the Amendment . He never recollected any legislative measure resembling the proposition of condemnation previous to enquiry , which had been submitted to their lordships , except an act of parliament , which had once passed , by which it was enacted , that persons found poaching for game under certain circumstances , were to be flogged at a cart 's tail ; but a clause was added to this merciful act , that those who found themselves aggrieved thereby , might make an appeal to the next quarter sessions . In the same manner , it was now proposed first to punish by immediate condemnation his Majesty 's ministers , and then to appeal to the House , to see whether they had deserved that punishment . The noble lord then proceeded to vindicate the operation of the campaign and the conduct of lord Wellington in Spain . He never was of opinion that the Spanish armies could stand against the veteran troops of France , but so long as Spain could persevere as a nation , so long the honour and the interest of this country rendered it our duty to support her . He contended that a great advantage had been obtained by this country in the destruction of the docks at Flushing , and