Of what real importance could it be whether the inquiry 188 was to be made after or before the production of those papers ? He had heard of parliamentary tactics ; but he did not think they had shewn themselves good tacticians on the other side.—They had proved that they were not , by their conduct on the first night , or they would then have proposed an Amendment something like the question of this night ; but in the pride of their strength , they had come down to that House , to propose such an Amendment to the Address as was perhaps never heard of before . Perhaps , indeed , there never was such an occasion ; but he defied them to shew that ever such an Amendment was proposed before ; that ever one was submitted to that House , which carried with it an expression condemning in unqualified terms those measures into which it professed a wish to inquire . And why was this to be done ? Because it was their determination first to condemn , and they cared not what took place afterwards . Provided parliament adopted their condemnation they regarded not inquiry . Some , indeed , had asserted that inquiry was not necessary , as the measures they censured carried with them the evidence of their own condemnation . They did feel an awkwardness in moving for an inquiry into measures which they hesitated not to condemn . The course they had taken plainly demonstrated that it was not inquiry into the conduct but removal from office of ministers , for which they contended . They thought it idle to condescend to observe any thing like forms or even decency in their proceedings . On such an occasion they thought they might venture to overleap all forms . They were confident of victory , they brought forward all their strength , and never were they more completely disappointed than they were by the result of that night 's discussion . The noble lord had found out at length that there was some error in the proceeding of that night , and thought , by bringing forward the present motion , they might yet stand some chance of eventual success . Why was it necessary to give the pledge required ? Why institute an inquiry , when they might have the necessary information before such an inquiry could possibly be set on foot ? When the proffered papers were set before them , they could then judge to what extent they were satisfactory , and then , and then only would be time to decide whether or not they ought to go 189 farther . They might then , indeed , without impropriety and with justice , decide whether it should be gone into by a select Committee , or by a Committee of the whole House . There might be some points contained in the documents that they might wish communicated to the whole House , or there might be some which they would wish confined to a select Committee . Would it be well therefore to decide which mode of inquiry they should adopt before they could tell which ought to have the preference ? Gentlemen spoke of going into a Committee as if they had a tribunal to erect in Westminster-hall , which it would take some time to prepare for them . He thought it needless to give the pledge contained in the motion of the noble lord , and should , therefore , support the previous question , which would leave them perfectly at liberty to act as circumstances may require , or justice should render most expedient . His hon . friend , in speaking of the disrespect shewn to the King , had said nothing that merited reproof . It was hardly decent not to wait twenty four hours for the promised information : To decide , knowing nothing about the merits of the case ; —to say we know better than you , though we know nothing at all about the matter ; —to tell the Sovereign in effect , though you have promised