opinion of col. Carrol stood on one side , the opinion of Sir John Moore stood on the other , and they preferred col. Carrol . The only way in which they could justify themselves for undertaking this second 44 * Expedition , would be by shewing , that some such change had taken place in the situation of Spain , or in the disposition of its inhabitants , as might fairly entitle them to expect a different result . If there was any such change , it is for them to explain it . On the contrary , everything that happened in the interval appears to me to corroborate the lessons we might have learnt from the first melancholy transaction . It was no longer possible to mistake the character of a revolution , the disgraceful peculiarity of which was , that it had not produced a single individual eminent , either as a soldier or a statesman . The Spanish armies were every where defeated , and often out-numbered , for it is worthy of remark , that the `` universal Spanish nation '' out of a population of twelve millions , and in a cause in which we were told that every heart was engaged , and every hand would be raked , was never able to bring much above a hundred and twenty thousand men into the field . The flight of the Junta to Seville , had not cured them of the inactivity they had displayed at Aranjuez . Of all their enemies the press was the only one they had been able to subdue ; they had done nothing for the people , and nothing to enlighten the people ; the councils of Charles 4th , were never disgraced by weakness more contemptible , or by tyranny more odious . Was it the healthy climate of Estremadura , then , encouraged them to send an army there in the height of summer ? Was it the success of the battle of Medellin that induced them to rely on the discipline of the Spanish troops , and the skill of their generals ? Had it not become every day more evident , that the Spanish government , choked up by the lumber of its ancient institutions and forms , had sunk into a lethargy from which it was vain to think of rousing it ? Had we not reason to expect that these errors were not mere errors of weakness and ignorance , but that a base intriguing spirit had mixed itself , in the councils of these self-called patriots , and completed their incapacity for all useful and generous exertion ? And that our ministers were not the only ministers in the world that were thinking of their own interests and feelings , when they ought to have been thinking how to save a fallen state ? No change could be expected in such a government , except from some great effect of the people itself . And what symptom was there , 45 * that a people divided into provinces differing from each other so much in manners and feelings , and unaccustomed to communication for a general object ; that a people bowed for whole ages under the yoke of superstition and tyranny , would be able to accomplish that of which the most united and the most enlightened nations are hardly capable ; that they would be able at once to perform the double task of establishing a vigorous executive government , and of expelling an enemy from the heart of their country ? And yet without such a change , how was it possible to hope for success ? I had almost said , how was it possible to wish for success ? What could be expected from men , who at a moment when their capital and their strong places were in the hands of the French , and half their provinces overrun by the armies of Buonaparté , were rummaging their archives with all the curiousness of antiquarian research , in order to find precedents relative to the meeting of a representative assembly , which was not to