a few words on the retreat of lord Wellington , which was only resorted to for the purpose of refreshing his troops . The sick and wounded , about whom so much had been alledged , were left ; but how were they left ? Sir Arthur Wellesley left in the care of the Spanish army those sick and disabled soldiers , whose wounds and mutilated bodies were so many bleeding mementoes of their glorious struggles for the triumph of the Spanish cause , over their perfidious invaders ; he left them with general Cuesta , who occupied a position sufficiently strong to be maintained against the enemy and to afford the British army another opportunity of signalizing their valour , and assisting the Spaniards in the redemption of their liberty . While the wounds of our soldiers were still bleeding in the cause of Spain , after the glorious struggle they had made against the enemy , the conduct of general Cuesta prevented the noble lord from taking the advantage of his situation . No general was better skilled in war , none more enlightened , none more valiant than 140 lord viscount Wellington . The victory of Talavera was as brilliant and glorious as any upon record , and consequently intitled to the unanimous approbation of their lordships and the eternal gratitude of Spain and of this country . having been so particularly alluded to by the noble lord , who had just sat down , begged leave to trouble their lordships with a few observations upon the question then under their consideration . The noble lord had alluded to what he had said on a former evening ; namely , that it was doubtful , whether the battle of Talavera was a victory or not ; he must again repeat that doubt , for he had yet to learn that it was a victory ; still more , that it was a splendid and decisive victory as described by the noble lord . He could not discover any circumstances in its nature or results , which entitled it to the character of a victory , much less to that of a splendid and decisive victory ; and under this impression , however painful the duty , and however much he might regret it , still he felt it to be his duly to resist the conferring of that high reward , the thanks of that House , which it was now sought to bestow . The noble earl ( Liverpool ) had indulged in a vein of declamation , upon the propriety and the expediency of conferring rewards upon military merit . He was , certainly , ready to agree with the noble earl in the propriety of bestowing rewards , where rewards were deserved , and of conferring the high honour of the thanks of that House upon transcendant merit ; but he could not agree that the battle of Talavera was an event that ought to be characterized in such a way or remunerated by that superior distinction . Before , however , he should go into the discussion of the subject immediately before the House , he would beg leave to say a few words relative to the instance of the victory of Maida , for which the noble earl had stated , that the thanks of that House had been given , although the objects of the expedition of Sir John Stuart , had completely failed . He ( lord Grey ) was not aware that the objects of that expedition had completely failed , as slated by the noble earl . If they did fail , the failure was remote . It would be recollected that a French force was at that period assembled on the Neapolitan coast for the purpose of making a descent on Sicily . To destroy this force was the object of the expedition of sir John Stuart , and in that object he 141 completely succeeded in the battle of Maida , and the consequences that resulted from it . The enemy did not after that action retire in regular order , nor take up a position