Speaker , except what arose from his being in the Chair at the time , and being the leading person in the House . He was as anxious to support the dignity of the Chair as any man could be ; but in agreeing to his motion he saw nothing by which that dignity would be in the least compromised . The House had now shewn , that it would not pass over such indignities without an expression of its resentment ; but if the same offence should be repeated , the House would of course mark the next deviation from the rules of propriety , in a severer manner than it was necessary to do with respect to a first offence . He hoped , therefore that the House would feel , that it was perfectly consistent with its dignity to assent to the motion , that Mr. Fuller be discharged . felt exactly as his noble friend had described himself to feel , in rising to speak on a personal question of this nature . But he was convinced that the House would not discharge its duty to itself , if it agreed to the motion now proposed . It was said , that this was the first offence ; but the House would recollect , that it was not one offence only . The House had , in the first place been insulted by the most improper and unparliamentary language ; and when it expressed its sense of such conduct , Mr. Fuller had burst out of the custody of the Serjeant at Arms ; had rushed into the body of the House , and committed the most violent outrage . After such conduct as this it was proposed to discharge the 647 offender at the first sitting of the House— There was no precedent of any case similar to this ; but even where members had been committed for improper language , the House had directed that they should be reprimanded . But if this motion was carried , the entry on the Journals would be , that , after the commission of this unprecedented outrage , Mr. Fuller was discharged at the next sitting of the House . The best apology , perhaps , for the conduct of Mr. Fuller , was the conduct of the House itself , which had allowed improper language to pass so often without notice , that its laxity had in some measure formed a snare for Mr. Fuller on this occasion . If the House had been more strict in enforcing its rules , such an outrage as this would , probably , never have taken place . observed , that it was rather too hard at this moment to allude to the former conduct of Mr. Fuller : if the hon . gent . who spoke last , really did mean to allude to him . The House not having noticed it , it ought not to be brought up against Mr. Fuller in his present situation . He knew how much Mr. Fuller regretted the outrage into which he had been betrayed in an unwary moment , and he knew that his regret was the more keen , on account of the misconception which he found to prevail both in and out of the House , as to his having meant any disrespect to the Speaker . He had done all that was in his power to counteract that impression . He had apologized for his offence , and expressed his regret that he should have been led into it . He hoped , therefore , the House would feel that its dignity would not be in the least compromised by assenting to the motion . said , that he had sat for 20 years in the House and never witnessed such a gross outrage as had been committed the other night . He was present— he saw it all—he heard all—but would not quote the language used . Those who were present will recollect that it was only by an accidental circumstance that the outrage had been prevented from proceeding to the utmost excess of violence