, and on that occasion you were pleased to express yourself in the strongest terms of gratitude for the favour bestowed , and to pledge yourself that it should be the endeavour of your future life to evince your grateful remembrance by devoting yourself to the best service of your country . Baron Gambier , the House have also at this time to thank you for those recent services which have completely proved the truth of your former pledge . I have likewise to observe , that a distance of time has elapsed since you performed those services for which you now receive the thanks of this House , but the time which has intervened has tended only to prove more strongly the character which you have always maintained , and the justness of your title to the distinguished honour now conferred upon you . It is not for me , baron Gambier , to mingle any feelings of my own with the high honours of this House , but I may be permitted to add that I feel a personal gratification in communicating the thanks of this House , to you a second time , and I am more partilarly disposed to feel so from the personal respect I bear towards yourself . '' returned answer , in purport , as follows : `` My Lords , I am fully sensible of the honour conferred upon me , by the vote of thanks which your lordships have been pleased unanimously to bestow . No greater reward can possibly be given to any man than the thanks of this House ; and no greater inducement can be held out to stimulate the zeal and exertions of those who serve in the cause of their country . If , my Lords , on former occasions , I was led to consider this attention to my services as an obligation , I do now , and shall in future , still endeavour to entertain every due sense of such distinguishing favour . I have also , my lord , to acknowledge my obligation to you for the condescending and gracious manner in which you have conveyed to 357 me the thanks of this House , and the kindness with which you have expressed your own feelings on this occasion . '' moved the order of the day , for taking into consideration his Majesty 's Message , recommending it to that House to concur in the measure for granting a Pension to lord Wellington . On a former occasion , when he had the honour of moving the thanks of that House to that noble viscount for his brilliant and important services in the battle of Talavera , he had little expectation that his motion would have encountered any opposition ; but in that hope he had been disappointed , and perhaps his present motion was destined to meet with a similar opposition . He should beg it , however , to be recollected that lord Wellington 's services were not confined to the battle of Talavera only ; that the noble viscount had performed important and splendid services in other climates and countries , and that within a very short period he had twice delivered the ancient and faithful ally of this country from the unjust domination of the enemy . Whether , therefore , the House had to consider the number or the importance of lord Wellington 's exploits , they must think him eminently entitled to any mark of favour and reward which it was in their power to bestow . A similar reward had often been granted for a single action , where no previous service of any magnitude had been achieved ; but on the present occasion , it was a series of brilliant services , which the House had to acknowledge and remunerate . He did not think it necessary to dwell any longer on a subject which called not for any argument to enforce it ; but should content himself with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty , assuring his majesty that this House would cheerfully concur in the