, a species of supply which might be cut off at once without notice . The enemy might then refuse to British wants , what he at present conceded to his own convenience . The right hon . gent , strongly enforced the policy of encouraging the agricultural interests of Ireland , with a view to provide an adequate supply for the consumption of this country . observed , that nothing could be more injurious , than that it should be supposed that a desire for a war of prohibitions existed in either country . He was glad to find that all the gentlemen who had spoken had expressed a desire to sup- 396 port the agricultural prosperity of Ireland . The last harvest had been abundant , and the potatoc crop , the staple support of the people of Ireland , had never been known so productive , so that a much greater portion of corn could be spared for the distilleries . He denied that the prohibition of the importation of corn spirit from Ireland , at a time when distillation from grain was suspended in this country , was a breach either of the spirit or the letter of the articles of Union . These articles provided for the equality of the commercial intercourse between the two countries , by directing , that , on the introduction of the manufactures of either into the other , that equality should be secured by countervailing duties . How then could countervailing duties be imposed , if no such article was manufactured at the time of the importation ? If you prohibit the manufacture in one country , you must , to insure equality , prohibit the importation of the manufactured article from the other . exhorted the House to husband the agricultural produce of the empire , lest any scarcity should arise , which might perhaps oblige us to apply to the enemy at once for bread and peace . He would therefore deprecate the idea of having the corn of Ireland consumed in the distilleries . But yet he was desirous to afford every practical encouragement to the agricultural interest of that country . With that view he would recommend , that the importation of all foreign corn should be interdicted , and that the Irish agriculturist should have the monopoly of the English market ; and if that were not sufficient he would put a stop to the importation of butter and cheese from Holland , which in fact ought to take place , if we could provide an adequate supply elsewhere , as it formed a material source of gain to the enemy ; but still more for the encouragement of the Irish , he would prohibit the importation of hemp and flax from the Baltic . If all these expedients failed , he thought it would be proper to allow the distillation from corn , which some gentlemen required . But he would previously try the expedients he had mentioned , and particularly that with respect to the prohibition of the importation of foreign corn . This , indeed , was a measure which in his judgment could not be too soon resorted to . The benefit which the enemy derived from the present system of licensing the importation of his 397 grain , was much more , he apprehended , than many gentleman imagined . It was a fact , that in July last , the farmers of France were so distressed by the low price of grain , that they could not pay their taxes . The price was then so low as 27s . the sack , whilst it was known that the French farmer calculated upon a price of 36s . as a fair return for his expences . Buonaparté being apprized of these circumstances , had no hesitation , of course , in granting licenses for the exportation of that grain , which our government readily granted licenses to import ; the consequence of which was the raising of the price of that article in France , by the last accounts , above 50 per cent . beyond the rate