bye-law to the following effect : — '' 1807 . That no per- '' son , who has written for hire in the `` newspapers , shall be admitted to do `` exercises to entitle him to be called to 553 `` the bar . `` —Now , Sir , I am not meaning to dispute the title of the Benchers of Lincoln 's Inn to make individual objections to the admission of any person into their society , whom , upon just grounds , they may deem to be unfit to be called to the bar ; but I do contend , that any general sweeping rule of this sort , applied to any particular class of men , and tending , as it necessarily must do , to degrade that class in society , is not only oppressive , and illiberal , and illegal , but is also unconstitutional . If it was merely oppressive and illegal , this would not be the place to which the parties aggrieved ought to resort for redress . I contend , that though I this bye-law is most illegal , it is likewise unconstitutional , and that against it there is no other mode of redress , but by an appeal to this House ; the Society , whatever description it may have , or however it may be constituted , not being that kind of corporation against which any person can have a remedy by appeal to the Court of King 's Bench , or by Duo Warranto . As I mean to take up this important subject on a future day , I shall , at present , barely observe , that if the principle recently adopted by this Society had been acted upon at a more early period , it would have excluded from the bar men who have been an ornament to the profession , and would have prevented many persons from having a seat in this House , who have been an honour to the legislative body . There is one other thing I wish to mention : the person whose petition I present , has written a series of letters upon this subject , which appeared in a respectable Morning Print , `` The British `` Press , '' and have since been re-published in the shape of a pamphlet . I have seen and discoursed with the writer of those letters , and he is now perfectly convinced that he was wrong in supposing the Lord Chancellor was the author of the measure of which he complains . He is thoroughly persuaded that the Lord Chancellor has too much liberality to have originated any such proceeding , or to have had any thing to do with the matter : I am proud to state this circumstance , because I should be sorry that it should for a moment be supposed , that his lordship was capable of giving his sanction to such a transaction ; and I have to add , that the Lord Chancellor is in no respect privy to , or accountable for , this rule or bye-law having been affixed in the hall in which he holds the Court of Chancery . 554 The Petition was then brought up and read . It was in these terms : `` To the hon . the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled . The Humble Petition of GEORGE FARQCHARSON , of Great Charlotte street , in the Parish of Christ Church , in the County of Surrey , Gentleman ; `` Sheweth ; —That your Petitioner , as a subject of the United Kingdom , by birth , is , and claims to be , entitled to all the rights , civil and political , which are , or have been , heretofore , enjoyed by the people of these realms , under the reign of his present most sacred Majesty , and the reigns of his royal and illustrious Predecessors.—Your Petitioner humbly submits , that the government of the united kingdom knows no distinction of Persons—that all conforming to the laws are alike the