of forming a junction with Cuesta ; and yet when that was effected , he remained unaccountably inactive . Soult in the mean time recovered , recruited , and re-established his corps . He then fought the battle of Talavera ; 90 and in four or five days afterwards retreated to an unhealthy province , at an unhealthy season , for the purpose , as he singularly termed it , of `` refreshing his troops . `` —In the marshes of Estremadura , he remained some months , and then retreated to Portugal , for the purpose of defending it.—The excuse alledged for this was , that we would not take supplies as the French did . If the Spaniards were glad of our assistance , there would be no necessity for force ; we should receive voluntary supplies . But the truth was , while we were starved , the French were fed , and this he considered as the strongest presumption of the jealousy of Spain towards us.—He could not help now alluding to the very extraordinary transactions which had taken place in our cabinet ; but before he did so , he must notice some expressions of the right , hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) which had much delighted him . He had said , that in a good cause he would seek the assistance of men of all religions : the Turk and the Christian ; the Jew and the Pagan , were to him , politically considered , equal . No doubt , then , now that he and the noble lord were emancipated from the shackles of bigotry , they would unite with the friends of toleration in support of unlimited religious freedom . He wished particularly to know , why lord Wellesley delayed so long in this country after his appointment to the Spanish embassy . He was particularly anxious to know this , on account of a paragraph which had appeared in a well known publication , stating that `` had it not been for a fit of illness , the noble marquis would have been long since in Spain , '' Now it was well known , that the right hon . gent , wished to incorporate lord Wellesley in the government at home , and he had only to hope that this interested feeling did not occasion his lordship 's protracted delay in England , when he should have been fulfilling the functions of his important mission . On this subject he should hereafter demand an explanation from the right hon . gent . To Spain , however , at last , the noble marquis went , and there , what were his services ? Why , he went through the mummery of dancing on the French flag ! He did more ; he visited the Junta , went through all the routine of etiquette and politics , made a speech about reform , took his glass after dinner , and religiously toasted the Pope ! It was surprising indeed , to see him so soon returning after 91 his flirtation with the whore of Babylon , at Cadiz ! On his return , of course , when the places were going , he came in for his share , and made one of the administration ; an administration , the members of which could not have been distinguished , had it not been for the motions that day , for the issuing of writs . It was made up indeed by a kind of political ballot—one gentleman ( Mr. S. Dundas ) had gone the entire circumnavigation of office , from the Board of Controul to the Irish Secretary-ship ! On that day a writ had been moved tendering his seat vacant , in consequence of his receiving a situation which he believed was not yet in his possession ! The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had , however , at length compiled an administration ; and , indeed he had fully shewn that , supported by the favour of the court , he felt little fear in stemming the authority of the