appeared on the journals respecting lord Gambier was an intimation of his arrest , for the purpose of his being tried for his life and honour , before a Court-martial . If it was now thought expedient that thanks should be moved , it would be necessary that the proceedings of that Court-martial should be laid before the House , in order that they might have regularly before them , what had taken place since the arrest of lord Gambier . He therefore moved for the Minutes of the Court-martial . , with respect to what he had stated in a former session relative to lord Gambier , regretted that strangers were excluded , as it prevented that publicity being given to it which he wished . He had then intimated by his Majesty 's commands , the arrest of lord Gambier , and had stated that the Court-martial had been summoned at the earnest request of lord Gambier , who in doing so , had been actuated by that high and honourable feeling which so peculiarly characterized British officers . With respect to the present motion , he objected to calling for the Minutes of the Court-martial , as that would appear as if it was wished to re-try the case . He thought the laying the Sentence before the House would be sufficient to render their proceedings regular , and answer all the purposes of the noble lord . He therefore moved as an Amendment to insert in the motion the Sentence instead of the Minutes . had no objection to the Amendment ; he certainly did not wish to re-try the case , which , in his opinion , ought not to have been tried at all . His only object was that the Minutes would contain the most authentic particulars of the action , on which they might form an opinion with respect to the proposed Vote . rose and spoke to the following effect : —Sir , I was very anxious to have offered myself to your notice on the night of the last debate , after an allusion which had been made towards the close of it , to the provisional agreement which had been entered into by an honourable relation of mine ( Mr. Erskine ) as his Majesty 's minister to the United States , but I am not sorry that I did not catch your eye , as I may perhaps hope to experience from the indulgence of the House , from the peculiar personal interest I feel in the question , as well as from its public importance , a more patient attention than could have been afforded at that late hour in its then exhausted state.—It is perfectly correct , as stated by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , that the dispatch communicated to parliament , of the 23rd of January last , was the only dispatch by which conditions were prescribed to Mr. Erskine , for the concluding a provisional agreement ; but I can by no means admit , that when he found that the conditions were impracticable according to the letter , he might not have found it expedient to refer to his other instructions for the purpose of ascertaining , whether he would be acting in conformity to the wishes of his Majesty 's government , if he was to comply with the sense and spirit of his instructions , though he could not with the letter . I can , therefore , in no shape admit that the other dispatches might not have materially contributed to the judgment he formed , when he considered this substantial compliance with the instructions as within the scope of his duty . That he did so consider them , we have his own authority in a letter which he wrote to Mr. Smith , and which has been since published , in which letter he speaks of his several letters of instruction , as having led him to think that he should consult the views of his majesty 's government , by following the spirit of his instructions when he could not have them