stock of the company , in which he is a proprietor , and thus to have an interest diametrically opposite to that of the party for whom he acts . Opposite in a double respect : in the first place , as the higher premium he pays , the greater will be his own profit ; and in the next place , as if losses happen , it is his interest not to recover them , because they must come , in part , out of his own pocket . Nothing can be so indefensible , as for men thus to place themselves in a situation , where their interest draws one way , and their duty another . It is what the law positively forbids , and the whole object of this application to Parliament , is to enable the petitioners to do that as a company , which the law prohibits them from doing as individuals.—Let us now examine the consequences of this measure , as it would affect the general interest of commerce and of the public . Instead of 1,500 418 individual underwriters , we should probably have five or six insurance companies , each represented and conducted by a secretary or managing director , as he may happen to be denominated . The whole race of insurance brokers too would be at an end ; the merchants who now employ them retaining their profits also among themselves by effecting their own insurances at their own office ; and instead of that system of fair and open competition which now prevails , we should have a system of close and secret combination . The secretaries of the different offices , by a good understanding with each other , might regulate the premiums as they pleased ; and the merchants , the proprietors of these companies , could not be expected to be very active in reducing profits , which they would divide among themselves . The result of these practices would soon be , that foreigners would discover they could effect their insurances cheaper elsewhere , and would no longer send their orders to Great Britain . Thus even the parties themselves , though they might for a while reap the advantage of that high reputation which has been established by others , would not long profit by their own wrong : the revenue would be injured , by the diminution of the present duty on policy stamps ; and the public would be injured , by paying a higher price for every commodity imported , in consequence of the advance on premiums ; it being art axiom in trade , that all charges fall ultimately upon the consumer.—But , if the prayer of these petitioners be granted , will the mischief end here ? On the same principle that a few companies are permitted to engross and monopolize all the insurance business , why may not a few other companies be permitted to monopolize all the other business of this metropolis , and render individual merchants and traders as useless , as these petitioners seek to render individual underwriters and insurance brokers ? Why may not the hon . member who brought up this petition , follow it up by another petition , praying for leave to incorporate at company of merchants trading to the West Indies ? And why may not another hon . member , who has taken a very active part in supporting this petition , bring up another petition , praying for leave to incorporate a company of merchants trading to the United Stales of America ? These gentlemen , with a few of their friends , might set on foot companies trading to every part of the globe , and 419 divide the commerce of the whole world among them . Every argument that can be urged in favour of the present plan , might be urged with equal force in favour of these new projects . Instances might be brought forward of the insolvency of some individual merchants , of the dishonesty or ignorance of others ; and the advantages that would result both to the character of the