notice an insinuation , which had been thrown out by the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) that the gentlemen on this side of the House were actuated by party motives on this occasion , and wished by refusing the thanks of that House to the general , to cast a reflection on the ministers who had employed him . If private honour and a sense of public duty could not secure them against such a bias , motives of prudence and policy would ; because unquestionably nothing could more effectually lower their characters in the estimation of the public , or degrade them in their own , than such a surrender of every principle of justice and generosity to the purposes of party . When he looked to the circumstances of the action , he could not contemplate the extraordinary valour of the army without admiration ; but in proportion as he admired the firmness and bravery of the army , he was bound to give way to regret , that it should have been not only unprofitably employed but unnecessarily exposed . Lord Wellington might have learned more discretion from the experience of sir John Moore 's incursion into Spain ; he might have derived salutary information from the recorded opinions of that great and justly lamented general ; he ought to have been prevented from a precipitate advance into Spain with another British army by the example of the disastrous consequences , and unfortunate circumstances of the retreat to Corunna . 283 Lord Wellington had not the same excuse nor the same incitement as sir John Moore to penetrate into Spain ; because he was invested with large limits of discretion , and had no officious and impertinent interference to encounter . He was not goaded on to the certain hazard and probable sacrifice of his army by the intemperate representation of a political agent , nor insulted in his own camp by the presence of a suspicious Frenchman impudently authorised to controul him in the command and disposal of his army . He had not to contend against the arrogant dictates of a rash and presumptous diplomatist , of blind but obtrusive zeal , seeking by a display of devotion to the cause of the Junta to establish a claim to a Spanish marquisate . The campaign in Spain , however , was only a part of the general system of ministers , and it became the House therefore before it sanctioned the conduct of lord Wellington , to consider how he had acquitted himself of the responsibility reposed in him . If he could confine his view to the battle of Talavera alone , he would be sorry to disturb the unanimity of the vote ; but he could not allow that it was a positive merit in a general to fight against an enemy much superior in number . On the contrary it was usually considered the part of a good general to avoid being forced into an unequal conflict . He could not allow lord Wellington to be justified by his own wrong , and consequently should not consent to thank that general for having extricated himself , with distinguished ability he would allow , but with great loss and difficulty , from the consequence of his own rashness and imprudence . Upon what ground did lord Wellington calculate that his 25,000 men would be able to cope with 100,000 Frenchmen in the heart of the Peninsula ? But it had been said , that the French armies had been checked by this battle—but the real result of the battle of Talavera was , that our army was checked in its proposed march to Madrid , for which important service Joseph Buonaparté had thanked his troops . Lord Wellington had no resources equal to the accomplishment of the enterprise he had undertaken , and the real object of the march appeared to be to shelter the planners of the Expedition from the charge of impotence and inactivity , and would be well illustrated by a passage in Hudibras , concluding with the lines— `` To pot the