were taken by surprise , in the month of August , on discovering that they could no longer draw a check upon their banker unless it was upon a stamp . In that bill , his right hon . friend had imposed the same duty as in the original bill . But a material alteration had been made in the penalty , for instead of 20l . as in the former it was 200l . ; the penalty he thought rather excessive , and the restriction to ten miles rather circumscribed . He was sure that in point of revenue this regulation would not be at all productive , because , in the first place , it would be so very easily evaded—or he should rather say , avoided ; a man could so easily transfer his cash from a banker without the distance to one within the limits of ten miles . So far he felt it necessary to say as to produce ; then as to inconvenience , he was persuaded it would be found extremely severe . Gentlemen could not , at all times , get stamps in the country ; besides a man regularly residing within the due limits , should he take a ride five miles from his house , and there have occasion to draw on his banker , he must draw upon a stamp , or otherwise fall within the penalty . Another evil consequence that resulted from this act , was , that of increasing to an enormous amount the number of country 268 banks . He knew of a small circle of country , within which no less than ten of those banks had lately sprung up ; it tended , of consequence , to increase the issue of country bank notes . As to the inconveniences resulting from the operation of the act , he instanced the case of a person who lately removed his money from his banker in London to a bank at Hertford ; his dealings were extensive , and there was scarce a market he frequented in which he was not at more than ten miles distance from his bank . The only feasible object it could pretend to have in view , was the prevention of frauds ; but even in this view he did not think it would be successful . The most prominent objection , however , seemed to him to be that of the limitation of distance to ten miles . He thought it would be wiser to regulate this restriction by the analogy of the privilege of members of that House to frank their letters . This privilege extended to forty miles distance from the place dated from . He should propose , therefore , that the distance of the residence of the drawer from the bank drawn upon , should amount to upwards of forty miles , to subject such person to the penalty in case he did not make his draft upon a stamp . The other regulations which he intended to introduce would come before the House in the course of the progress of the bill , if the House would allow him to bring it in . He then concluded by moving , For leave to bring in a bill to regulate and amend the 48th of the king . said , he did not rise to object to the motion of his hon . friend , as he was not yet prepared to say , what had been the revenue produced under the operation of the 48th of the king . He was , however , apprehensive , that if the limitation of distance should be extended to 40 miles , it would , instead of amending the act , have the effect of abolishing the tax altogether . He thought it better for the House to wait until the statement of the produce revenue derived under the act should be before them . It was a tax of that nature which more particularly affected themselves , and therefore they should be cautious not to evince any impatience to remove it . His hon . friend