two years , our army had been employed in forcing upon that country ? —not , he said , to contribute to the advantage of the people of Spain ; for the time , he believed , was lost , when our possession of Portugal could be of use to the Spanish cause—not for the advantage of this country , for she could derive from it no advantage whatever . Would it be too much , then , after all this , to ask of their lordships that one other million should not be wasted , where nothing short of a divine miracle could render it effectual to its proposed object ? So much he had observed on the question , as far as it was a financial one . But in other points of view the measure assumed a broader character . And , here , again , he must repeat , that no real advantage was to be gained by these visionary hopes of diversions these schemes for animating the dead , either for the safety of individuals or collective bodies , who had placed their faith and confidence in our assistance . But this , it seemed , was a great political measure , and was so considered by his noble friend opposite , who thought it wisely and happily adopted . Would to God it were so ! The great principle of the measure was this , that a Portuguese army , in British pay , combined with a 513 British force , was to be considered sufficient to defend Portugal against the armies of the enemy ! It was farther recommended on the score of national honour . On the general principle of national honour he was sure that there was no man with the head or the heart of a real statesman , who did not believe that almost every thing valuable was connected with the observance of national honour . The general conduct of this country to Portugal had been actuated by an attention to the public honour ; and when his noble friend praised certain parts of the ancient policy of this country towards Portugal , he thought that the instances he should preferably have selected for his praise were to be found , not so much where we had given our military aid , and promoted plans of fighting France in Portugal , but in our efforts for keeping Portugal secure from the dangers of invasion , and averting from her the necessity of a last and ineffectual appeal to arms . He could assure their lordships , that though the measures he had thus emphatically alluded to , might not form the brightest pages of our annals , they were still of such a description , that they must be reflected upon with satisfaction hereafter , by those who might feel for the character of the country , so far as it depended upon the wise and politic conduct of persons entrusted with the management of public affairs . As to the case which had been stated by his noble friend , in support and justification of the measures of his Majesty 's ministers respecting Portugal , he should be ashamed to waste the time of their lordships by dwelling upon it . He was truly sorry , and more especially for his noble friend 's sake , that he had felt it necessary to refer to that case , as if either his noble friend , or any of their lordships , could suppose that there was the least resemblance between the situation of Portugal in 1806 and its situation at the present moment . If such were the impression entertained by his noble friend , he must say that his was a different opinion . But he thought it somewhat singular that a case , which had been uniformly and invariably the object of their unqualified reprobation and censure , should now have been made the subject of praise on the part of his Majesty 's present servants . Praise , undoubtedly , he was ready to maintain that case was entitled to in an eminent degree ;