upon by rather an obstinate member . Finding that hon . member still determined to persevere , he had assured him , that if the order were to be in future inforced , it should be fully inforced and strictly executed : that he should have the bond and nothing but the bond . '' This intimation had its effect , and it was not till the present inquiry that any further attempt had been made to inforce the order . But it was a most mistaken idea to conceive that this order empowered any member to call upon strangers to withdraw . It allowed of no such interference , nor invested any member with such authority . Here the right hon . member read the Order , which says , That any stranger appearing in the House shall be taken into custody by the Serjeant . If the House therefore were determined to enforce the Order , they must do it in the very words , and must , direct that all the strangers present be secured ; as the Order directly calls upon the Serjeant at Arms to take into actual custody all strangers , without distinction of persons , who shall have intruded themselves into the House . By being present the offence is committed , and any member of the House had no more right to order the culprit who had intruded , to withdraw , than he would have to rescue him after his committal into custody.—The power and authority rested with the Serjeant at Arms alone ; and how was he to enforce it ? If in proceeding to obey the order the Serjeant should find two or three hundred persons collected in the gallery , it would obviously be impossible for him to take them all into custody , and therefore he must shut them up in the gallery , whilst he went to collect his posse comitatus . But Whilst he is assembling his forces , the debate goes on ; the strangers are in possession of all that has passed ; and thus , by 328 its very operation , the object of this Standing Order is defeated . But if this Order claims such particular reverence , let it be considered there are many others , which any other member could move to have enforced . For instance , that no footman shall be allowed in the passages leading to this House ; and indeed , any member addicted to early rising ( a laugh ) might , if he were captious , enforce the order for the House meeting at 10 o'clock in the morning . There was also another order , which stated it to be the privilege of members to pass strangers through the House into the gallery , except whilst the House is sitting . Here , then , were two orders wholly irreconcileable , unless it was intended , that the members should introduce their friends , for the purpose of being committed to the custody of the Serjeant at Arms . Was it not , then , a duty to reconcile such orders to themselves , and both to common sense ? He did not mean to convey an opinion , or to maintain it as a rule , that there never could arise an occasion when strangers ought to be excluded , but he did wish to have the order so modified that it should not depend upon the caprice or pleasure of any individual member , but should be fairly submitted to the decision of the House : that if any hon . gent . should think proper to inforce the order he should afterwards be called upon to state some reason for his conduct . It would be apparent from this observation , that it was not his intention to move for the repeal of the order : all he wanted was to bring it under the consideration of the House in a constitutional manner.—In the courts of justice , when any particular case excited the public curiosity , the people went in by a rush . Cod forbid that in