few observations on the question , that it was not his intention to trespass at much length upon the time or attention of the House . But before he should apply himself more immediately to the subject in discussion , he hoped he should be allowed the liberty to express some surprize at the line which had been taken by his right hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Bathurst ) after what had passed on a former night . Nothing could be more fair than the manner , in which his hon . friend ( Mr. Croker ) had stated the question to the House . He had no difficulty in agreeing with his hon . friend that the real question then before the House was , whether without any information they should in the present instance decide upon inquiry , or whether they should wait till the papers promised in his Majesty 's Speech should be laid upon their table , and they should thereby have the means of judging whether any or what particular species of inquiry was necessary . That was simply the question , and he besought the House not to suffer itself to be led away by any supposition that in agreeing to the previous question it would decide upon the point of inquiry or no inquiry . The only effect of the vote of that night would be to decide whether the inquiry should be then voted , or not till after the documents should be 187 produced to the House . The noble lord , as he understood him , intended to put two questions to him after the present motion was disposed of . He thought it would have been as well had he put , before the debate , one of them , which went to inquire how soon the papers could be produced ; and to that he would reply , that he should be much disappointed indeed , if he were not able to lay them before the House on Monday . And still more to shew that ministers were anxious that the questions depending on them might be agitated as early as possible , while the office clerks were employed in copying some of them , others were actually in the course of being printed . He hoped not only to be able to bring them before the House on Monday , but by Tuesday he expected to be able to put into the hands of each member a printed copy of them . The question was therefore , whether they should then pledge themselves to go into a Committee of the whole House on the subject , or wait till they were in possession of that information which his Majesty thought would prove satisfactory . Gentlemen said that as the country had already called for an inquiry , therefore it was necessary to give a pledge that night . Inquiry was generally made to obtain information ; but in the present instance , it was obvious , that gentlemen wanted not information , but a vote before the documents were before the House . If they should not be satisfied with that information which the King was of opinion would prove satisfactory , and which government could have no motive for advising him to lay before them , did they not think so too ; he would ask if there would be any advantage lost by abstaining giving the pledge required that night ? He wondered his hon . friend did not see the preposterous and extraordinary part the House would act , in voting for going into a Committee , without previously gaining that information of which it was so necessary it should be previously possessed , and then , after preparing to institute such an inquiry , to dissolve itself on the production of papers which might as well have been perused prior to the formation of the Committee , when , by waiting for the information promised , they would not lose a single day ; nay not a single hour , if eventually it should be thought necessary to institute an inquiry .