far less favourable , formed the never failing topic of their invectives for two whole sessions . To that neglect they constantly attributed the loss of the battle of Eylau , the peace of Tilsit , the alienation of Russia and the final submission of Europe . Those persons who then gave credit to them have now an opportunity to judge of their sincerity by their conduct under somewhat similar circumstances . Austria resolves to make a last effort ; the people of the North of Germany only wait for our arrival as the signal of insurrection and what is the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers ? They consult some persons who actually are smugglers , and some others who have at one time been engaged in that honourable profession , and guided by their advice and authority , they send half our army and 56 half our navy to the swamps and sandbanks of Holland , and in the meantime Austria perishes , without a single Englishman having appeared in arms on any spot where he could render her the smallest aid . And these are the gentlemen from whom we heard so much about the loss of character we sustained by our selfish conduct upon a former occasion ; and what is the way they took to re-establish our character ? They avail themselves of the absence of the French armies in Germany to undertake an Expedition , which , be the merits of it in other respects what they may , was a plan of mere British insular policy , in the success or failure of which no continental nation had the smallest interest . The only object of these magnanimous and enlightened statesmen is , instead of making common cause with Austria , to extract some trifling advantage to ourselves from the final destruction of the only other power in Europe that still preserved even the shadow of independence . The consolation that they prepared for Austria in her fate was , that by her last efforts she had purchased some ships for England , that she had saved England the expence of a blockading squadron , and perhaps even enabled England to establish an advantageous depot for the sale of her contraband goods . Let me , however , be clearly understood upon this point . I by no means agree with the opposition of that day , in thinking that an army ought to have been sent to Prussia just before the battle of Eylau , nor am I , by any means , persuaded that a single man ought to have been sent to the north of Germany last spring . I am rather inclined to believe that the case was desperate from the beginning , that no efforts we could have made would have saved Austria from destruction , and that a campaign in Germany would have ended like a campaign in Spain . But what I contend is , that if an army was to be sent any where , every consideration both of prudence and of magnanimity pointed oat Germany and not Holland as its destination , and that his Majesty 's ministers were more particularly bound to that line of conduct , both by their own system and their own professions . But suppose there existed no other ground of complaint ; suppose the expedition to Walcheren had been wisely planned in all other respects ; suppose the execution of it had been entrusted to some officer , whom long experience , tried abili- 57 ties , and distinguished success more particularly pointed out for the situation . Still there remains behind a completely fatal objection , upon which I have not yet touched , but which ought alone to draw down upon the ministers the severest indignation of the House . Gentlemen , I am sure , have anticipated me ; I mean that singular perverseness , with which they pitched upon the most unhealthy season of the year , to send an Expedition to the most unhealthy place in Europe ; Badajos , perhaps , excepted , where our other array was stationed . I do