merit was not sufficiently understood by the country ( a laugh : ) under their auspices , our military and naval glory had greatly increased . was of opinion , that the House was bound to institute an inquiry ; but he thought the consideration of the subject should be postponed to Monday . spoke Strongly in support of the motion for inquiry . wished to postpone the question till Monday , when the papers would be laid on the table . was of opinion , that there was a ground of complaint somewhere , and the truth would be obtained by inquiry . He could not , however , think of funning a Committee at that laid hour . ( A cry of No ! no ! ) As that was not intended , he would vote for inquiry generally . It was due to the officers both of the army and navy . said , he was surprised his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer should have made any oppo- 202 sition to the present motion . He had for thirty years that he had been in parliament , observed , that ministers had generally been hostile to inquiries , though he did not impute any improper motive to his right hon . friend in the present case . He wished however , that he would cheerfully accede to the feelings of the navy and army , which were so deeply implicated , when on an Expedition of such extraordinary magnitude , disgrace had been so generally thought to attach . He did not , for his own party join in those epithets of folly and incapacity , Which , many gentlemen on the other side of the House had thought proper to apply to his Majesty 's present ministers who had planned the Expedition ; for his right hon . friend below him ( Mr. Canning ) and the noble lord near him , were not men of that description ; and they both , though no longer ministers , acknowledged their responsibility . His right hon . friend , however , argued in opposition to the present motion , why not defer it till Monday ? He would , for his own part , answer that question by saying he wished to obtain the point now , this very evening , for he had been too long in parliament not to know , that if deferred till Monday , he could not but fear it would never be attained at all . Yet though he agreed that inquiry should take place , he was in doubt whether an enquiry at the bar of the House , or a Committee above stairs would be the better mode . It had been said , that many circumstances might occur which it would be improper to bring forward in so public a manner as at the bar of the House ; he thought , however , on further consideration , that if the House determined on a public inquiry , the chairman might in particular cases report progress , and be instructed to move for a Committee above stairs , to examine into those particular matters , and to report their opinion to the Committee of the whole House . He should therefore vote for the motion of the noble lord . ( solicitor general for Scotland , ) spoke in favour of the previous question . said , he rose to give his assent and support to the motion . ( A laugh from the opposition side . ) He did not know what gentlemen meant by that ; but he would have them to know , that he gave his vote on all occasions , in as independent a manner , and with as free and 203 unbiassed a mind , as any member of that House . He believed the noble lord who commanded the Expedition , wished for an inquiry , and he thought for his own part , it was absolutely necessary , and would , therefore , vote for the motion made by the noble lord . said , he