of annoyance to Great Britain . She would not derive any revenue from her conquest , hostile as the sentiments of the Spanish people were to her . She would not be able to withdraw a single soldier from the Spanish territory.—Having said thus much on that point , he should now advert to a subject which would certainly be much better discussed when the materials were before the House . He had been asked by the hon . gent , what was the meaning of that part of the Address relative to the expedition to Walcheren ? It did not appear to him that it required any explanation . The Address certainly did not pledge the House to institute inquiry into that expedition ; neither did it pledge the House not to inquire into that expedition ; it left that point open to the decision of the House , when the documents were produced . Certain information , as stated in his Majesty 's Speech , would be laid before the House , and then it would be for the House to decide whether it would call for more ; whether it would institute an inquiry at the bar ; whether it would order an inquiry in a committee ; or whether it would institute any inquiry at all.—With respect to the expedition to the Scheldt , that subject had been so ably discussed by his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) , and by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) that it was not necessary for him to say much about it . If the House would recollect the state of the French and Austrian armies on the Danube , the state of the Tyrol , and the state of the north of Germany at the time when the expedition to the Scheldt was concerted , he was persuaded that they would concur in thinking that some attempt at diversion was most advisable ; and unquestionably that operation , which had been preferred , was beyond all comparison the one which promised most effectually to benefit the cause of our allies , and to secure our own interests . The right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Ponsonby ) supposed that the Speech contained an 101 estimate of the value of the operations at Flushing very different from that formed by his right hon . friend ( Mr . Canning . ) It was not so . If the object of the expedition had been solely the destruction of the basin of Flushing , no one would deny that the end was not equivalent to the means by which it was to be obtained . But did it follow that the destruction of the basin at Flushing was not a very desirable object , and one of no small importance ? It had been said by a right hon . gent , opposite , that the damage sustained by the enemy would soon be repaired . Now , the fact was , that the basin at Flushing had been two or three years in constructing ; and it had been so completely destroyed , that the most able engineers had given it as their opinion , that it would be much easier to build it anew than to repair it . Was not this an important advantage ? Was it not beneficial to place a principal naval station of the enemy in such a situation that it could not be of use in furnishing the means of annoyance against us for two or three years ? Still he was willing to allow , that this would not have been a sufficient object for such an expedition . But the expedition had a much greater object in view ; namely , the destruction of the arsenal and shipping at Antwerp . Nine or ten sail of the line had lately been launched there , and as many more were in a considerable state of advancement . A great hazard might wisely be run for the prospect of destroying such a maritime establishment . His majesty 's ministers knew what they risked , but the object