side farthest from the deep water beyond the Tonnere , where he says they `` never could have been got at for the shot to reach . '' This chart , it is affirmed by Mr. Stokes , is taken from the Neptune , but the space is contracted to about one third of its size . For what reason , Sir , could this be done , but to induce a belief of the `` unwarrantable peril , '' to which his Majesty 's ships would have been exposed . Mr. Stokes confessed on his examination his ignorance of the distance between the sounds , and yet presumed to deliver to the court a chart , not , of the scale of the Neptune Francois , of which , it professed to be a copy . And to crown all , Sir , after having sworn that it was a chart , of the positions of the enemy 's ships , on , and previous to the 12th April , he , on a subsequent day , when asked by the president , who observed that `` the Ocean was not marked on the 12th , she was marked on the 13th , '' afterwards positively swears that the only ships marked on this foul fabrication , `` are the ships that were destroyed . '' Yet inadvertently several officers have spoken to this chart as correct , and some have even deposed , that 239 it was impossible to pass under the stern of the Foudroyant , between her and the bank , although , she was seven miles from them , and the bank , from nine , to thirteen feet , under water . I trust , Sir , this is sufficient , all this I can prove to the world by the testimony given by the witnesses themselves . Another naval member opposite has offered to prove a fact which , he must , do me the justice to own , is not within his own knowledge—That I was to blame for the failure of the fire ships ; and he states , first , that the explosion vessel was a signal to the fire ships , and next , that she was improperly exploded . Now , Sir , this gives me an opportunity to remark again on the conduct of the court . How rigorous , as to the law on one side , and how lax on the other . Lord Gambier , too , has asserted that , which the hon . gent . has undertaken to prove , but his lordship did not prove it , and I will tell the House why he did not prove it , because the explosion vessel was no signal to the fire ships . Orders written out by me , were delivered by lord Gambier in the cabin of the Caledonia , directing quite the contrary—Ordering them to use their discretion as to the time when they were to be kindled , and had the state of the weather rendered it practicable to couple them together , the senior officer of each division of four , was to shew a lanthorn , or a false fire , to direct , whether the long or short fusees were to be kindled.—And an acknowledgment of the delivery of these orders will be found in lord Gambier 's official letter , I think of the 10th of May . The court , however , refused to receive this document which I offered to them , because they said it was not relevant to the charge , although the court had not only suffered lord Gambier to make the assertion , but had themselves examined several witnesses to the point . So far , Sir , from the explosion having been a signal for the fire ships to kindle , the fire ships were , by their written orders , to go in , in three divisions , each half a mile apart , and the explosion vessels half a mile a head of them . Thus much for the signal , and for the impartiality of