production . agreed with his right hon . friend , that the objection applying to form upon this subject would have been more in time if brought forward before , adding , that he remembered it to have been in contemplation , before he resigned his place in the cabinet , to call upon the naval and military commanders for an account of the proceedings of the campaign . Therefore , the papers before the House being dated only upon the 14th instant , it was calculated to excite some surprize in his mind to see that account come so late . had no intention of taking the House by surprise , on the contrary , he had given notice of the motion for producing the paper . The Paper was here read by the Clerk , it was entitled , `` Copy of the Earl of `` Chatham 's Statement of his Proceedings , `` dated 15th October , 1809 : Presented to `` the King , 14th February , 1810 : '' and will be found in the Appendix . declared , that the objections which he felt to this paper , were considerably aggravated by a knowledge of its contents . It now appeared to be a special address from the commander of one part of the Expedition , appealing to the judgment of his Majesty without the intervention of any responsible minister , 485 and actually reflecting upon the conduct of his colleague in the command . He really did not know how the House should proceed to get rid of such a paper ; but it seemed highly desirable that it should do so . To entertain such a document would be not only inconsistent with the constitution ; but , in his opinion , with common justice . He was sorry the hon . member had called for its production , and he was sorry also that the right hon . gent . had produced it , because the paper had found its way to the royal presence in a most unconstitutional manner , and for which no minister was responsible . The noble lord would be glad to hear from the chair in what manner it could be disposed of . thought the proper time for discussing the question would have been when the motion was made for referring the papers to the Committee . He could not see any objection to its being so referred . The noble lord had found fault with the manner in which the paper had been presented to the House , but he would ask , did not the House call for it by their unanimous vote ? With respect to the manner in which the paper was conveyed to the royal presence , my lord Chatham , in his opinion , could not have done less than what he did , for at the time the paper was written , he believed there was no Secretary of State for the war department . ( Hear ! hear ! from the Opposition side , and , What not on the 14th of February ? ) The right hon . gent . then admitted his mistake . But he would ask , what was there unconstitutional if the paper was presented in the regular way to the King by a cabinet minister , who was also Master General of Ordnance , and a peer of the realm ? If ministers had laid the papers on the table uncalled for , then indeed gentlemen might talk of its being presented unconstitutionally ( Hear ! hear ! ) The right hon . gent . declared that he did not know what gentlemen meant by the exclamation of hear ! hear ! If they meant that he did not understand the constitution of his country , they were deceived . If they meant more , why then no expressions of scorn and disdain that he could use to repel such insinuations would be strong enough . ( Hear ! hear ! ) declared , he must expect to come in for his share of his right hon . friend 's scorn