, pledging himself , at the same time , that he was anxious to have his conduct subjected to the most rigid scrutiny . in explanation , said , he did not mean to state , that lord Wellington had 38,000 men at the battle of Talavera , but that 38,000 men were employed in the peninsula . differed entirely from the opinion pronounced by a noble lord ( Kensington ) that Portugal could be defended . The authority of sir Charles Stewart , did not bear upon the point , as he only gave his opinion of Portugal as it was in the year 1797 . He thought a most peculiar degree of responsibility lay upon lord Chatham , who was at the same time a minister , and the commander in chief of the Expedition . The Expedition which he commanded was attended with greater expence of treasure , and a greater sacrifice of human life , than almost any other in our history , and it had most completely failed in its objects . The Expedition to Spain was equally a subject which deserved inquiry . He first heard of Soult 's army being completely defeated and dispersed , with the loss of all its artillery ; and yet this same army , so beaten as was described , appeared afterwards in the field , and 80 made lord Wellington retreat from Talavera . The march to Talavera was most imprudent . When the gallant sir John Moore was entering Spam , he was informed that a body of 10,000 men would completely exhaust that part of the country of its provisions.—He then at considerable length staled the superior advantages which he conceived would have resulted from employing 30,000 British troops in a diversion in Italy , under the command of sir John Stuart . This might not have been agreeable to the Wellesleys , but might have effected a much more important diversion by preventing the army of Eugene Napoleon from joining Buonaparté , which would have been , in his opinion , the most important service that it was in our power to have rendered to Austria . said , that he perceived the House wished to come to a decision on the question , and it would not be necessary for him to detain them long in explaining the reasons for the vote he should give this night against the Amendment , and in favour of the original Address . When the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) however spoke of the great responsibility which attached to his majesty 's ministers for the measures which they advised , in which responsibility he must participate , as far as he was concerned , it appeared to him that the right hon . gent , should have gone a little farther , and , on the part of himself and the other gentlemen in opposition to the present administration , have stated , that they also laid claim to , and courted the full responsibility which was due to their measures while they were in the administration . The right hon . gent . might there find ample occasion for that penal justice , of which he spoke—He was as anxious as any man for the fullest inquiry on every point , where an open inquiry could not be prejudicial to the interests of the country . But he could not agree to the Amendment , because he considered it would go to pledge the House to an inquiry , and he wished to suspend this opinion whether a further inquiry was necessary or not , until the documents were laid on the table , which his majesty 's Speech promised to lay before Parliament.—The precise period when his own knowledge and responsibility on this subject ceased , was when it had been intimated to government , that the objects of the Expedition had not been , and could not be accomplished . He did not know but that sufficient reasons might be produced to ac- 81 count for this failure ; but at the same time he could not agree with some