own elevation to power . And in the very breath in which he makes this charge , he laughs us to scorn for our unjustified confidence and signal disappointment . We know that the enemy has said that it was the genius of France conducted the British armies to Walcheren in the late Expedition . But no ! ! ! It was not the genius of France , it was the demon of England , nurtured into malignant influence by the base dissensions and unprincipled cabals of a weak , divided , insincere , and incapable administration—an administration ill thought of by all , suspected by themselves , and despised by the country—an administration , a constituent member of which was engaged in a low and unmanly conspiracy to expel from station another constituent member of it ; an administration , at the head of which now stands this minister , who , though an intrigue of this base , ungenerous and unmixed quality , was in progress for months , has been obliged in this House to offer up in his own defence , that he was innocent , because he was ignorant ? ( Hear , hear ! ) —This is the picture which he and his colleagues have drawn of themselves . What need was there that genius should confound what unequalled ignorance had devised ? What needed our enemy to interpose his great power or his greater abilities when he had our ministers for auxiliaries ? Why array the highest talents , to oppose the efforts of incapacity the most evident—to frustrate the councils of insincerity the most degrading ? Behold at the head of the nation 's councils a minister who knowing that , after this intrigue for months had terminated in an agreement to remove a colleague from an active and efficient situation in the cabinet , under the alledged imputation of his incapacity to discharge the functions of office , yet still suffered him , though thus pronounced incapable , to retain for months his office of war secretary , upon no other ground save that he could not reconcile the communication to his feelings . Where were his feelings for the people of England ? Where were they for the liberties of Europe , whilst he suffered an incapable minister to remain in office ? Where did the feelings of the right honourable gentleman slumber , when the best blood of the empire was shed to purtify in the poisonous air of Walcheren , there , amidst pestilence and death to linger , and to perish , in order to afford a colourable pretext to the noble 195 lord for retaining office until the minister of England could reconcile to his feelings the communication of the noble lord 's ( Castlereagh ) acknowledged incapacity ? There has indeed been much of failure and disgrace to deplore ; already have we drawn almost to satiety from that polluted source ; but if this House shall abstain from the exercise of its duties , it will give plausible and powerful pretexts to malignant men , hostile to the character of parliament . It will entitle them to say , that though such failures have occurred , and such if is grace been cast upon the country , yet there was no disgrace more signal , no disaster more aggravated , than that Great-Britain should , have the curse of being ever represented by such a House of Commons as this . said , that if the object of the previous question had been to preclude enquiry , it should not hove had his support , for he thought that an enquiry was proper and necessary to satisfy the country , but that , as the papers would be produced in two days , he should vote for postponing the inquiry for that time . He was surprised to hear a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) talk of carrying the motion immediately by acclamation . The greater part of those who had suffered by the guillotine had been sent to it by acclamation.—That right hon . gent . he was sure