was at the head of the navy board , and the other commissioners of that board , were examined before the Committee , and fairly and openly stated that their salaries were made up in part of gratuities and fees received in consequence of the practice alluded to . The report of the Committee declared that the practice was a bad one , but not that the exercise of it was an abuse or criminal in any of those who had been concerned in it . The words of the report were , `` That the practice of receiving 430 gratuities on the appointment of clerks was bad , though it had been sanctioned by-long usage . '' In ten years after , the practice was abolished , and in consequence the salary of the comptroller was raised from 500l . nominally , to 1,500l . and an addition of 200l . given to the other commissioners . As to what had been said by the hon . gent. , with respect to the promotion of a junior over senior clerks , as he had not stated any specific case , nor charged the practice as having been founded in corruption or undue motives , the House , he was persuaded , would not think this an inquiry to be entertained , to the great detriment of public , business , and the mischievous embarrassment of the public offices . The Sick and Hurt Office , to which the hon . gent . had alluded , no longer existed . It was incorporated with the Transport Office , and this change had given rise to arrangements highly advantageous to the public service . If the hon . member charged the pension which had been granted to sir W. Gibbons , on the suppression of the board to which he had belonged , as an instance of corruption , he must go on to charge the beneficial arrangements which followed the suppression of that office , as a corrupt transaction . The pension was granted upon the same principle as governed every similar case . Upon all these grounds , he should vote against the motion , so far as the navy board was concerned . hoped that the hon . gent . would withdraw his opposition to the motion , because , as the question had been brought forward , it would he much more reputable for the noble person alluded to , that a full and thorough investigation of the case should take place . As the friend of that noble lord , he wished that the inquiry should proceed , and should be sorry that any proceeding in that House should prevent the question from being placed in the clearest possible light . He could state of his own knowledge , that all the arrangements for reform which had been adopted subsequently to the report of 1786 , had been introduced at the express desire of lord Barham . In short , that noble person , at the time , consented to remain in office only on the condition that these reforms should be carried into effect . concurred in the sentiments that had been expressed by the hon . gent . of his noble relation . He was certain that it was the wish of his noble relation that the motion should be assented to , because any 431 inquiry must tend to set forth his character in its true light . conceived that it was necessary the papers should be produced . The hon . gent . had allowed that it was injurious to the service that the practice should be continued , a practice which he stated was sanctioned by time . This was the general argument when any thing was wrong : it had been so in the case of lord Macclesfield , but he was not aware that the feelings of those times were not to govern the present . Lord Macclesfield had been found guilty of selling the places of masters in Chancery , and a severe punishment had followed . According to the statement of the hon . gent . this