, the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who had done what he could to give it efficiency and vigour , and when his efforts failed , with a constancy and courage worthy his pure and honourable mind , had taken the resolution of standing by his sovereign . He ( Mr. Yorke ) would support his Majesty 's administration—he meant that he would never enter into systematic opposition against it . He approved of the Address because it did not pledge the House to any thing : he thought that part of the Walcheren Expedition that succeeded , very much undervalued , and put the case of a French fleet entering the Thames , and landing their forces on the island of Sheppy , and taking Sheerness , and though not able to come up to Chatham and destroy it , yet , after blowing up the docks and works at Sheerness , retiring to Sheppy , keeping possession of it four months , and then retiring unmolested ; their rear untouched ; the enemy not daring to look them once in the face ; would this bethought nothing of , or would it be thought disgrace ? The capture of Flushing was an important service : 10,000 men fell into our hands prisoners of war ; the basin that was destroyed held at low water 22 feet of water , and was capable of holding 15 or 20 sail of the line ; the Scheldt was not navigable four months in the year , and the French fleet had begun already to feel the want of their basin . He repeated , then , that the capture of Flushing was an important service . The hon . general ( Tarleton ) turned up his eyes . He lamented to see in his hon . friend such a disposition on this , and other occasions , to withhold that defence from brother officers in their 125 absence , which it would so well become a brother officer to make . He then adverted to the advance of lord Wellington to Talavera , and thought there was no part of that illustrious officer 's proceedings that was not worthy of his exalted reputation . If there was any thing that might admit of the nicer investigation of military criticism ( to which , he agreed with the hon . baronet , so few in that House could have any just pretensions ) , yet , if there were any , he would select two points ; one was , the seemingly too great reliance placed by that gallant officer on the Spaniards ; and the other was , his not having secured the pass of Banos , which sir Robert Wilson had so gallantly defended against a superior force for 9 hours . These were the only points upon which he thought there could be any doubt . thought the present ministers incapable of serving the country efficiently at this awful crisis . He was not fond of systematic opposition . He respected the right hon . gent . at the head of the government ; gave him full credit for his integrity , but that was not enough ; gave him credit for his talents also , but did not think they were of the kind that were at present wanting at the head of an administration . He did not blame that right hon . gent . for the dissensions that lately occurred in the cabinet ; but if there had been an efficient head , there would have been no such dissensions . When a regiment was in mutiny , the commanding officer was responsible.—With respect to the Walcheren Expedition , he could not see the necessity of waiting for the production of papers before they gave their opinion upon it.—What could those papers contain ? Could ministers shew him a new map of Europe ? Unless they could , and one essentially different from all that he had ever consulted , he never could be brought to approve of au Expedition up the Scheldt.—All the mischief that had been done at Flushing might , perhaps , be