it was not Spain only that he was anxious to assist , but Portugal that he was resolved to defend . Mindful of his instructions , lord Wellington kept these main objects steadily in view , and he proceeded to the prosecution of them with zeal , courage , activity and judgment . But in thus entering Spain , did lord Wellington take the necessary precautions for the security of his army ? To this he would answer that his brother had taken every precaution that depended upon him , or which the prospect of things could have suggested at the moment.—Besides , was he to place no reliance on gen. Cuesta or his army with whom he was to co-operate ? Was he to place no reliance on the Spanish government , who 149 Solicited his assistance ? Was he to place no reliance on the country which he came to defend ? Did not the plan moreover concerted between him and gen. Cuesta hold out every promise of success ? that plan was briefly this : lord Wellington was to move against Victor 's corps in concert with gen. Cuesta . In the mean time gen. Venegas by a circuitous march was to advance towards and threaten Madrid , in order by this demonstration to draw off the attention of the French corps under gen. Sebastiani and king Joseph , and thus prevent their forming a junction with Victor . From this plan , if duly executed , lord Wellington was justified in expecting every success . Accordingly he advanced against Victor at Talavera on the 22d of July , and soon came in sight of the enemy , whom he proposed to attack on the following morning . Victor 's corps was then unsupported by any other , and consisted of no more than 28,000 men . If therefore the attack upon Victor had been made on the morning of the 23d as proposed by lord Wellington , must not the result have been most glorious and complete , the more so as after Victor had been joined by the corps of Sebastiani and king Joseph , lord Wellington had been able to defeat him ? And even had Soult afterwards advanced , would there not have been every certainty of another splendid victory ? General Cuesta however refused to attack the enemy on that day ; for what reason had never yet been explained ; but the consequence was that Victor retreated , and made his escape on the very night of the 23d , and effected a junction with Sebastiani and king Joseph . At the same time general Venegas , who ought to have been at Arganda on the 22d , had received a counter order from the Junta not to move . It is true that that order was afterwards withdrawn ; but Venegas only reached on the 29th the position which he ought to have occupied on the 22d . Of the reason why the Junta issued that counter order , although he made repeated enquiries , he had never been able to obtain any explanation . Such was the failure of a plan which seemed to have been so wisely contrived . Against such strange mismanagement what human prudence could provide ? What general , what minister could stand if brought to your lordships ' bar to answer for the consequences of such unlocked for , such unaccountable casualties ? He perfectly agreed with the noble lords 150 on the other side of the House respecting the necessity of a radical change in the government of Spain , and his opinions on that head , he believed , were not unknown . But that change could not be the work of a day ; and were we to make no one exertion , not risk a single soldier in the Spanish cause , until Spain had attained the full perfection of a free state ? It must no doubt be our wish to see Spain connect the action of the executive power which the spirit of the people , draw forth her own energies , and act a part worthy of