certain inaccuracies in the dispatches of lord Wellington , particularly respecting the Spanish army , and contended that had not the Spaniards maintained their position on the right , our army must have been annihilated . Some of the Spanish troops had actually been engaged , as it appeared that they lost 1,200 men ; and , therefore , to say that the British sustained the whole weight of double their own number , was a kind of Oriental style not consistent with British feelings . He allowed that the action on the Douro was a brilliant affair ; but even in that there was room for much criticism.—On the whole , he did not think that any ground existed for the vote proposed . If lord Wellington should survive the scrapes into which he was constantly bringing his army , he might one day be entitled to distinction and rewards . If he had destroyed the French armies under Soult and Ney , what more could he have expected than what was now proposed to be done for him ? Were the lives of the slain soldiers not to be considered ? Lord Wellington engaged in a battle , in which he lost nearly a fourth of his army , and was compelled to make a disgraceful retreat leaving his wounded behind , and yet he was held up as a great military hero . That might be the opinion here ; but he assured gentlemen it was not the general opinion elsewhere . They might vote pensions and thanks , but they could not permanently blind the country . was never more surprised than he was , first , at the opposition to the Resolution , and next to the mode in which that opposition was made . When gentlemen had the speech of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) fresh in their recol- 449 lection , and likewise the illustrations of two eminent general officers , and the manly , honest , and disinterested speech of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , the great friend of the army on all occasions , they could hardly have believed that statements would have been repeated which had then been so fully refuted . The opposition was made on the grounds of an invidious comparison between the merits of lord Wellington and those of other great military and naval heroes . He would not enter into these ; but rest the case of lord Wellington on his own intrinsic merits . The hon . gent . had said , that many sentiments were uttered in that House , contrary to the common sense of the public . He admitted that , and referred to the hon . gent . 's speech as an instance . The hon . gent . had said , that if lord Wellington had closed a long life of service by a brilliant victory , as other officers had done , then he would have merited the same reward . But the argument was worth nothing , or rather it made against the hon . gentleman . Lord Wellington though young in years , was old in military glory . When posterity should look into the page of history , brightened with the names of Assaye , of Roleia , of Vimeira , of Douro , and of Talavera , they must look for their reward in the honours bestowed on the hero who led Britons to glorious victory on so many splendid , occasions.—The hon . gent . had under-rated the action of the Douro . By the operation on that river , lord Wellington forced Soult into such a situation , that he must either have fought a battle on the most disadvantageous terms , or have retreated by a road by which it was impossible to carry with him his baggage , ammunition , waggons , cannon , & c. Soult was a good officer undoubtedly , and chose the latter alternative , but as had been foreseen , he lost his baggage , cannon , & c. & c.—He denied the insinuation , that the