? —He again took the opportunity of assuring the House , that it was not on account of the demerits of the noble lord , that he opposed the proposition . He thought that it was false economy that would keep back the reward of valour , or of military achievements ; but what greater honour could they have bestowed on the noble general , if he had , by the battle of Talavera , decided the fate of Spain ? If they lavished their honours thus , and he was to take two steps more , the Court Calendar would not contain him . Some allusions had been made as to those honours conferred on lord Nelson . He was of opinion , that that great and valiant man was not sufficiently rewarded ; but he did not look upon comparisons as the true mode of rewarding valorious deeds . said , on a former night he had the honour of following the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , and he perfectly approved of his arguments , but was sorry that on the present night he was obliged to hold a different opinion . He could conceive many cases in which the thanks of the House might be richly deserved and property bestowed , but in which it would be improper they should be followed by hereditary rank . He should also conceive a case , in which it might be proper to confer honours , and yet to withhold what were called the more solid marks of favor . The question then however was , whether there was that value in the services of the noble lord to merit not only the thanks of that House , but also the pension which it was proposed to annex to the title his Majesty had conferred on him . In the course of the debate , comparisons had been frequently made between the battle of the Nile and the battle of Talavera . It had been asked , in a tone of triumph : why have you given two steps in the peerage to lord Wellington , when lord Nelson , for the proudest victory that adorns your naval annals , only obtained a barony ? To this he would answer , that it was then , as it is now , his opinion that lord Nelson had not been 467 sufficiently rewarded on that occasion . He thought that lord Nelson deserved an higher honour ; but he would not degrade the honours of lord Wellington , to meet the scanty portion which that noble admiral had obtained . Should the flag of France , which for years had not been able to look that of England in the face , by any hazard obtain a partial victory , or even offer a successful resistance , would the person at the head of the government of that country be blamed for exalting the admiral who should acquire it to a dukedom or principality , or any other transcendant dignity . Let the House consider , that it was only two years ago that it was said within those walls , that we could never meet France in the field with an army . The battles of Roleia and Vimiera—the operations against Soult—the glorious conflict at Talavera—disproved this imputation upon our valour and spirit . They had re-established our military character and retrieved the honour of the country , which was before in abeyance.—If the system of bestowing the peerage was to be entirely changed , and the House of Lords to be peopled only by the successors to hereditary honours , lord Wellington certainly would not be found there . But he would not do that noble body the injustice to suppose that it was a mere stagnant lake of collected honours , but that it was to be occasionally refreshed by fresh streams . It was the prerogative of the crown to confer the honour of the peerage ; it was the duty of that House to give to honour independence . The question was , whether they would enable lord Wellington to