in which that force existed , and how far it was likely to be efficient for the purpose for which it was to be maintained . He must look upon it as impossible that his Majesty 's ministers , after having been solemnly called upon by their lordships for the production of those documents , could have presented them in a garbled state . This he was obliged to conclude , as well injustice to them , as to the constitution , to that House and the country . The noble secretary had engaged in the discussion under their lordships consideration , as if that House was to be called upon that night to abandon the cause of Spain altogether—to withdraw the British troops from Portugal—and to leave both nations to themselves . It was not his intention , however , to make any such proposition , the declaration of which would be as premature altogether as the voting the Address proposed by his noble friend.—What he had to say upon that subject was , that it would be criminal in their lordships to disguise or conceal what they had a knowledge of , that his Majesty 's ministers had gone on too long in the practice of deceiving the public , by expectations which rested upon no solid foundation—by hopes , which there was no prospect of being realised—by reports and rumours , which , so far from resting upon any just ground or valid authority , were proved by subsequent information to have been wholly unsupported in truth or in fact . Their lordships were , by the determination of this question , to decide whether in the present arduous and difficult situation of affairs , they were to place further confidence in such men- They were by the result of that night 's discussion , to shew whether the management of public affairs was to be entrusted to the discretion of men who had so conducted themselves , and so systematically deceived the public . They were then fully aware of the determination , that would be formed by his Majesty 's ministers upon any great question of national policy or interest . If the subject of their consideration should happen to be of a military description , their lordships might be sure that they would I consult military authorities ; but they might also be convinced , that though every such authority should lean against their projected measure , ministers would still persevere . It would be unavailing for military men to say , that an operation was impracticable : his . Majesty 's minis- 521 ters would reply , `` You may think it impracticable ; but do n't mind , go and try . '' It would be criminal in their lordships , therefore , so far as they may have the means of preventing it , to leave the administration of affairs in such incapable hands . For his own part , he did not so much object to the question as connected with political interests , or as a mere financial question of expenditure , but as it was likely to lead lo the . sacrifice , the useless—the unprofitable sacrifice , of the lives of thousands of his fellow-subjects . He had mentioned this point upon a former night , but so strong was his feeling upon it , that he did not think he could too often repeat the observation : It was for their lordships to consider whether , under all the circumstances , they would be disposed again to commit the British army under such guidances in Spain and Portugal . The campaigns in these countries had already cost this nation the lives of twelve thousand of its brave soldiers ; and it was now to be considered whether any further sacrifice was to be incurred in the hopeless contest . His noble friend had earnestly besought their lordships to bear in mind the blood that had already been shed , and the treasure expended , in order to induce them to agree to his proposition for making further sacrifices for the same object . He , too