lavish grants were called for , and it was declared that we were ruined if they did not go on , would not the Frenchmen toss their caps in the air , and cry , `` Aye , now the thing is done . Do n't you hear the enemy say they have no hopes but from economy ? and yet they are going on in their usual career of extravagance . '' Ministers , in fact , were going on as if the national resources were infinite . At the very moment that they were burthening the people with a pension of 2,000l . per 669 annum to lord Wellington , they bestowed a sinecure office of 4,000l . a year.— ( No , no , from the Treasury Bench , it is only 2,700l . ) —Well then , 2,700l . a year ( the amount of the sum made no difference in the argument ) on a person that quitted no profession , who incurred no dangers , who subjected himself to no hardships or privations , and who rendered no services to the country , that he had ever heard of : these were the circumstances which excited and fed the general indignation and suspicion that were too apt to be entertained against public men . Those things , as well as others , were at length unmasked , but now the secret was disclosed . It was let out by the person who had been behind the curtain.— If we continued in this career of extravagance , how could we maintain war ? How could we procure peace ? He deprecated that impious and execrable doctrine , that we were to be engaged in perpetual war with France , or at least during the life-time of Buonaparté . He trusted the day would come , even during the life of that extraordinary man , that we could obtain peace on terms becoming our honour ; but he would not , by voting for these estimates , put it out of his power to retrench . He would reserve the means of seeking for peace , as peace should be sought . If we did not retrench , it was possible that we might at last be obliged to seek for peace on our knees . He wished for peace , and therefore he wished to be put in a condition to make peace respectably . For these reasons he felt himself compelled to say , that he would not vote for the army estimates on that day . There were many of the items that were extremely objectionable . He would mention one ; that which proposed a remuneration to the medical board . It was one , he was persuaded , which would create great dissatisfaction in the army and in the country . Such was the public opinion of the misconduct of that board , that any proposition for rewarding them must be heard with displeasure . However inconsiderable the sum might be in the great scale of national expenditure , in taking it off , they took off thousands of pounds of disgust . He could not consent to receive the report now . He wished for further time ; he was not master of the subject . He wished to know how the money had been last year spent . He could not agree , without full and ample enquiry , to vote a shilling to such a lord of the treasury , surrounded by rapacious 670 colleagues , he meant in their departments , tearing him to pieces , like a parcel of prodigal sons , exclaiming , `` Pay my debts , pay my debts , '' to a father who had no controul over them . The hon . member concluded amost able and animated speech , by moving , That the report be read on that day se'nnight ; and observed , that if he carried the question , he should move , that certain items in the estimates be referred to a select committee . in reply , re-stated , and justified different items in the