of the hon . member for the appointment of this select committee . thought , that the arguments urged by the hon . gent . against monopolies , strongly applied against the matters complained of in the petition . When his hon . friend had stated that three-fourths of the mercantile body in London were in favour of the petition , it was his opinion that he might , with equal truth , have asserted , that 99 out of every 100 of that body were friends to it . He knew of no house in the city that was not strongly interested in the accomplishment of the object of the petitioners . The only question , then , before the House was , whether the petition should be referred to a select or to an open committee . For his own part , he was inclined to the select Committee . The whole course of precedent in the proceedings of that House lay that way . He was equally disposed to approve of the mode in which it was proposed to compose the Committee , because every disposition had been manifested in the selection of the members to provide with fairness for the interests of all the parties concerned . The case of the Globe Insurance Company would not apply , because that company extended its insurances to fire and lives . The petition before the House complained that the two chartered companies in existence were not able to afford the necessary facility for effecting marine insurances , and therefore prayed that further means should be provided , in any way which to the wisdom of the House might seem meet . If parliament were of opinion that this could be best effected by incorporated companies , as at the passing of the act of George the First , then he would be disposed to say , that the new company should be incorporated ; not for the purpose of giving any opinion on the propriety or policy of such exclusive institutions , but with a view to extend the means of effecting marine insurances . His own opinion was decidedly , that the better mode would be to throw the business open generally . If , 423 however , it should be thought expedient to establish another company , he conceived that it should be confined altogether to marine insurances . As the other companies extended their assurances to fire and for lives , they must be materially prevented from attending sufficiently to the marine insurance branch . By the existing law , a law enacted for the purpose of giving an exclusive monopoly to the two chartered companies , no two men could join their capital for the purpose of insurance ; but the vast accumulation of trade rendered it impossible for these companies to meet the full extent of the exigency . He could not but remark , in this place , the inconsistency into which the hon . gent . had fallen , by representing the capital of the proposed company as too small compared with the capital at Lloyd 's to add much to the facilities of insurance , and afterwards arguing against the proposed company on the ground that it would bring ruin upon many of the underwriters at Lloyd 's . It had been fairly stated that , generally speaking , an individual can not stand against a company ; but he would ask , whether upon the hon . gent . 's own reasoning that could be the case in he instance adverted to . His impression unquestionably was , that very considerable additional security would be afforded to merchants , if several individuals combined , and only one was to effect the insurance . The complaint of the merchants was , that the names of the underwriters had increased to such an ex tent , as no longer to afford them the same security as before . The great augmentation of trade , therefore , obliged the merchants often to take names on their lists which presented not the same assurance of security . In presenting their petition to the