French ; as the victory was claimed on both sides ; but they came first , and were repulsed . In the case of a fortress , the garrison could not do more than repulse the army that invaded it ; that is , the enemy left it when they pleased ; and were they not to be thanked for preserving the fortress against a superior enemy , although not able to follow them ? Then , would you say , lord Wellington did not gain a victory , because he was not able to harass them in their retreat ? He had heard , in the course of debate , what had been done , and what might have been done ; but was it necessary that a problem in Euclid , which had been proved , should be called in question in that House . Then it had been substantiated that the battle of Talavera was a victory ; and why should they prevent it from operating on their minds as such ? They had no advantage from the victory of Corunna , except that the army were able to save themselves . If lord Wellington had acted imprudently before the battle , it ought not to retract or withdraw as much as the weight of a feather from the victory he had obtained . It had been argued , that , although he might be an able general in battle , yet he was not capable of conducting a campaign , for he had not secured a retreat . Such arguments proved themselves to be altogether fallacious ; for he had shewn that he had a retreat , and that too by retreating in safety , after shewing that he could do something . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to state , that although France had generals of great skill , yet had they not run great risks , and secured a battle , that the breaking of a thread might have prevented them from achieving ? But to take a view of the question under the general head , the unproductive consequences were not to be put in comparison with the military glory we had obtained . It might be asked , would an engagement , that only acquired military glory , prove advantageous to the country ? He would answer , yes ; if military valour was necessary for national strength ; and he conceived it of much more service to the nation at large , than the taking of a sugar island , or a ship at sea : 10 or 15 years ago , their army was considered as nought ; it was thought , on the continent , that we might do something at sea ; that we were a kind of sea animal . Our achievements in Egypt first entitled us to the name of a military power ; the battle of Maida con- 300 firmed it ; and he would not give the battles of Vimeira , Corunna , and Talavera , for a whole Archipelago of sugar islands . The whole feelings and powers of the country had changed in their military capacity . They began to feel they wanted something more than a navy to support them . There never was an action in this world , but some persons might sit down and investigate it , and find some fault ; but they were not to give credit to the criticisers . He was sorry that such a letter as had been sent by lord Wellington to the government had ever been written . As to the Spaniards , he believed it set forth nothing but what was true ; but it went to proclaim glory which did not belong to him . It was like a sea engagement . And as it could not be contended that the hull of a vessel had nothing to do with the guns which gained the victory ; or like a spear that inflicted a wound , could it be said that the staff was not of service ? so with the Spanish army ; they did