still of a flatter shape to be worked , in place of the proposed allowance in the number of charges . This plan would be less detrimental to the revenue , and enable the distiller to work at a smaller expence in fuel ; at the same time the advantage , in point of his general profit , would only be such as he ought to have , in competition with the distiller making use of coal . rebutted the arguments on the latter point . remarked on the variation between the sentiments of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster , ) this session and the last , and accused him of disordering the revenue , enterprise , and trade of Ireland by the vacciliations of his politics . He called on him to make up his mind fully and firmly , before he introduced a system so diametrically opposite to that which he had , only one year ago , pledged himself to support , and thereby induced many persons , on the faith of gentlemen , to embark large capitals in distilleries from large stills . He noticed in particular the house of Browne , Stein , and Co. in Limerick , which had launched into great speculations on the strength of the encouragement held out by the right hon . gent . He then went into a view of the proposed alteration , and contended that large stills were preferable to small ones.—This was proved by the system of distillation in England , where there were none but large stills , and illicit trade was unknown . It was farther corroborated by Scotland , where distillation from small stills was encouraged , and there was a very great proportion of illegal traffic carried on.—He concluded , by imputing the blame of the great degree of illicit trade in Ireland to Mr. Foster , whose system , as Chancellor of the Exchequer , and with all his power , must have been bad to permit it . spoke in favour of the smaller stills , which would be universally beneficial to Ireland ; though they might not answer the city which the hon . gent . represented ( Cork . ) The Resolution was agreed to : the House was resumed , and the Chairman of the Committee obtained leave to bring in a Bill to the effect stated by Mr. Foster . moved the order of the day for the further consideration of the report on the Army Estimates . On the question being put , That the report be now taken into further consideration , rose for the purpose of impressing the House with the importance of ascertaining whether the expenditure contained in the estimates was absolutely necessary . This was a duty the more incumbent upon Parliament , after the various admissions they had heard of the propriety of retrenchment , but more particularly after the speech of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) on a former night , adoping all the views thrown out with respect to retrenchment by an hon . member behind him ( Mr. Wardle ) , towards the close of the last session . But the chief importance of the statement of that hon . gent . on the former night was , that it contained the best evidence of the necessity of retrenchment , as coming from a man the best informed of any in Great Britain upon that subject . With respect to the statement made by the noble lord in opening the army estimates , as to the amount of the military force of the country being 600,000 , so far from creating confidence in the country , he was convinced it would produce the contrary impression of alarm , when it was considered , that out of such a force so small a proportion could be brought into action against the enemy as had been employed in the late campaigns . It was now admitted that the taxation had reached its maximum ; that the struggle would become every day more serious , and consequently the country be called upon