it displayed in the battle , he still must , in the execution of his duty as a member of that House , and for the reasons he had stated , oppose the motion now under consideration . replied to the noble earl who had just sat down . If it was painful , he said , to the noble earl to perform a public duty by opposing the present motion , and that it was really painful to him would be readily believed by all who knew the honourable feelings which belonged to the character of that noble earl , the generosity of his nature , the liberality of his sentiments , and his proud descent from a person so highly distinguished for military talents and services : how painful must be the situation in which he stood , who could not but be open to private feeling , while he also had a public duty to perform : who had to vindicate the character and conduct of so 146 near and dear a relation as a brother ; of an officer whose eminent qualities he had had such frequent opportunities of observing , qualities of which whatever opinion it might please the noble earl to entertain , were attested by the universal voice of the officers and soldiers of the armies he had commanded , and of the countries in whose defence they had been exerted : of Portugal where he was almost adored , and where he was invested with power little short of royal : and of Spain , where he was equally beloved by the people , and respected by the government . In standing forward on the present occasion in defence of lord Wellington , he might safely contend that his noble relative had taken a judicious view of the objects which he had to accomplish ; of the means which he possessed for their accomplishment ; and of the mode in which these means were to be applied . On these public grounds he was willing to try and rest the merits of lord Wellington , and confident of their strength , he would endeavour as far as possible to discharge his mind from the influence of all private feeling.—And now in the outset he must beg leave to observe that the noble earl did not seem very clearly to understand the objects of lord Wellington 's operations . They were briefly these : His first thoughts were directed to the situation of Portugal . On the arrival of his brother in that country , he found that the enemy were not only in possession of its northern provinces , but that they manifested a disposition to advance into the south . It was indeed evident that the French did not intend to act merely on the defensive : but that they had formed a plan by which , Soult and Victor were to advance from , different points . The first object , therefore , of lord Wellington , was the deliverance of Portugal ; and on the praise of the operation by which he expelled Soult , it was not necessary for him to dwell . In the eyes of all Portugal and of every military man , it was an operation as able , as active , as rapid and conclusive as any which the page of military history records . It was therefore surely unfair , as some noble lords have done , to describe such an operation merely as an affair with the rear-guard of Soult 's corps . Having thus achieved the expulsion of Soult from the north of Portugal , lord Wellington proceeded to the south to oppose Victor , who had actually advanced in that direction , but who on the approach of lord 147 Wellington had thought it prudent to retreat . But here again lord Wellington was reproached with a delay of 10 days at Abrantes . This was another misconception , which it was proper to rectify , for in point of fact the delay imputed to his noble brother , was not protracted a moment beyond what was absolutely necessary ,