disobeyed were ultimately successful , while those who obeyed at the moment failed . The worthy baronet also added , that those who disobeyed the signal given them were promoted , while those who obeyed it were not . What must become of the subordination necessary for the support of our navy , if our officers were to be informed that it could be possible , in any one instance , that those who obeyed the instructions of their superior officer were to be passed by , while those who disobeyed his signals might expect to be promoted ? From the disagreeable situation in which the House was now placed , on both sides , he thought they must unavoidably have the Minutes . could not agree to vote for the motion of the noble lord , and for this reason , because the adoption of it would be a violation of one of the most sacred and fundamental principles of the jurisprudence of England . My lord Gambier had been tried by a competent jurisdiction , and acquitted . He could therefore scarcely imagine any thing more dangerous to the lives , property , and liberties of Englishmen , than that a man should be tried a second time for the same imputed offence . Could a man who , for any offence , had been put on his trial in another place , and acquitted , be again tried for the same offence ? Certainly not . If a man was accused of the highest crime the law takes cognizance of , viz . conspiring with others to murder the King , and should be acquitted ; if it should turn out afterwards that other circumstances than had been adduced on the trial could be proved , was it to be endured that he should be again tried ? He could not be 235 tried again ; the principles of the constitution forbad it . If that were the only reason which he had to induce him to object to the production of the Minutes , he should give his vote against the motion , but in his opinion the motion was highly objectionable as it went further as went wholly to subvert the discipline of the navy . What was the object of the noble lord 's motion ? Why this , that lord Gambier having been tried and acquitted by a competent jurisdiction , the noble lord came to parliament , and required that his opinion should be taken as sufficient authority for reversing the verdict which the court had given in favour of the noble lord . If this mode of proceeding was to be tolerated , how could any naval officer be safe who might have been tried and acquitted ? The noble lord had said , that this House had the power of punishing judges who did not act properly . It was true the House had that power , as had been shewn in some cases , in the case of the Ship Money , and others , wherein it had been proved that they had acted in direct violation of the law . In the present case there was not any allegation of the kind—there was no charge against the judges ; the House was desired upon the single opinion of one of the witnesses examined before them , to reverse their decree . It was scarcely to be conceived , that twelve members of a Court Martial would set their hands to a sentence of acquittal such as the one alluded to , who were ignorant of the evidence . They had not merely pronounced him not guilty , but described him as a meritorious officer in the Sentence . He trusted the House would not be disposed to think that any grounds were laid for agreeing to the motion . then addressed the House in reply , as follows ; —Mr . Speaker ; Some remarks that have fallen from gentlemen on both sides of the House , call upon me for explanation.—And first the hon . gent . below me , has asserted , that it was my