here to observe upon the ignorance in which the commander in chief had gone forth ; for on the map he was supplied with , Bathz was laid many miles west of its actual position . As to the general policy of the Expedition , he had but few observations to make . It had two objects according to the views of its framers : one solely British , the destruction of the basin at Flushing , and the capture of some sail of the line . In that , however , it had failed . We had ransacked some stores , it was true , thrown in the basin , and destroyed a sea-wall ; but we had also entombed one half of our gallant army . It had been said that the capture of Antwerp was an object of the Expedition , but he would ask any one who had considered the conduct of Buonaparté , since he had been under the view of the world , whether he thought it likely that he would have left Antwerp , the object of so much of his solicitude and care , in an unprepared state ? The next 175 professed object of the Expedition was co-operation with Austria . Such co-operation he did not condemn , but that appeared to him to have been impracticable by such an Expedition ; as it appeared even from lord Chatham 's dispatches that Antwerp was in a state of complete defence , and covered by 35,000 men . Of that force he might safely assert , that not one man had been withdrawn from the armies contending against Austria . It was made up altogether of the artificers and population of the country , which had been trained to the use of arms . But supposing that Antwerp had been taken , whither was the army then to proceed ? Was it to advance into a country bristled with fortifications ? It was altogether unnecessary for them to enter into details to prove the extravagance of such a course . Every gentleman must be convinced of the absolute impossibility of carrying such a plan of the campaign into execution ; and without that what was to become of the effectual co-operation with Austria ? When he looked to all the circumstances of the case , the unfortunate weakness of the original plan , and the calamitous result of its ultimate failure , he could not conceive what possible objection could be made to the motion of his noble friend . It prejudged no question ; it decided no case ; it barely called upon the House to give a pledge to the country that they should inquire into the causes of those disgraceful and disastrous failures , which spread grief and indignation throughout every class of the community . The right hon . gentlemen opposite could not complain of surprise , because they could not be cut off from their defence . They would have ample opportunity of laying the papers upon which they meant to rest their justification , on the table before the House should go into the Committee proposed by his noble friend . From what had taken place , however , in the early part of the speech of his noble friend , by the cheers of the gentlemen opposite , he was induced to suppose that the want of the papers would be urged as an objection against the inquiry . But it must be allowed , on all hands , that some inquiry was necessary and if so , why should it not be conducted in the best , and most constitutional and comprehensive manner ? He would call upon that House , therefore , by the sense of its dignity , by the magnitude and importance of the case , and by the obligations of the duty they 176 owed to their constituents and the country , to call for inquiry . He well remembered the answer which had been given to the city of London , that no inquiry was necessary into the conduct of the commanders , by sea or land , in