his country , he should not be fastidious on the score of the instruments by which that object , of which he should never relinquish the pursuit , was obtained . With respect to the Local Militia , he should not at that time make any observation ; but on the subject of the waggon train , he feared that the Committee were not aware of the enormous expence attendant on that unprofitable and useless establishment.—He had not yet been able to obtain the papers relating to that branch of service , for which he had moved soma time ago , otherwise he should at the moment have been able to prove to the Committee that the estimate now before them , of the probable expenditure of the waggon train , fell greatly short , nay that it proved but a small portion of the real expenditure of that branch of service ; but as the inutility of this wasteful Corps appeared to be admitted by all sides , he trusted that the public would very speedily have to congratulate themselves on its entire abolition . The commands with which foreign generals had been entrusted in this country , and particularly in the county of Essex , he could not but deem highly reprehensible—such was not formerly the usage in this country ; and he verily believed , that even but a very few years ago no minister could have been found so dar- 627 ing , as to have appeared in that House after having sanctioned a measure so repugnant to the feelings of Britons , and so contrary to the general spirit of the constitution . The introduction of foreign troops into this country , on the permanent footing which they seemed to have acquired , was a novel measure , evidently arising out of an unconstitutional principle . The expenditure of the country had now arrived at that point , when it became necessary to examine every channel of expense , however minute ; for it would not serve as an answer to say , that this object was trifling—that was inconsiderable—the aggregate of minute waste would , he was certain , be found to swell amount into a prodigious bulk . There was , however , one article of expenditure , to which the imputation of minuteness could not be applied—he meant the army clothing , in the supply of which , it was absolutely necessary that some reform , and that too without delay , should take place . In the last year , government had given an advance of 5s . 6d . on every suit made by private contract , more than what was paid where the contract was open to public competition ! —and he was certain that Mr. Courtnay 's supply would be found to have , been as good , at least , as that of Mr. Pearce . Why was the public to pay 75,000l . more than was necessary , and more than the amount for which the supply could be furnished ? That was the fact , and he pledged himself to prove it ! If the supply of accoutrements and that of cavalry appointments were brought to open contract , he had not the smallest doubt that a saving would accrue at which the country would be astonished . He was fully prepared on this subject to give ample proof in support of his assertion , and would certainly bring forward the subject , unless his Majesty 's ministers would render that unnecessary , by themselves undertaking the investigation and retrenchment of a subject of expenditure so highly important . He had sums time ago pressed on the House the subject of the price of great coats , with which the army was supplied—at that time the supply was at the rate of 10s . 6d . per coat.—Ministers had in that instance listened to his suggestion , and the contract was thrown open . What had been the consequence ? coats of fully equal , nay , even superior quality , as he should afterwards shew , had subsequently been delivered to the army at