other papers presented to his Majesty by lord Chatham , relative to the Scheldt Expedition , than that before the House ? He believed in his conscience there were , and he would call upon any man in the House to lay his hand upon his heart and , say after all that had passed that night , that he did not believe so . If such a man was to be found he could not expect his vote upon this occasion . But those who concurred with him in his belief must feel the necessity of calling for the production of such papers . Ministers had repeatedly said , that if such papers were in existence they were not to be found in any of the ministerial offices . But this was the jet of the charge—they could not say that 586 there were no such papers : no , they would not venture upon that . In fact , if they had asserted at the outset that there were no such papers , he would have withdrawn his motion . Could they say so even now , and he would proceed no farther . Several of the gentlemen on the ministerial benches endeavoured to maintain that lord Chatham 's proceeding was quite a justifiable act ? Was it to be inferred from that , that they would feel it justifiable to follow such an example— that any of them would deem it right secretly to memorial his Majesty against the conduct of a colleague ? Possibly , if they could open the King 's escrutoire , such a memorial might be found—perhaps a similar manuscript to that on the table against the whole of the right hon . gentlemen ; a complaint from lord Chatham , that so imperfect or unfounded was the information with which his colleagues had furnished him , and so clumsily contrived their arrangements , that he found it impossible to execute the object of the Expedition . What , if the Lord Chancellor were to have a peep into his Majesty 's escrutoire , might he not have occasion to exclaim in the words of one of the first dramatists of any age or nation , in The School for Scandal—but no ; his lordship was too pious to swear , although another Chancellor might : — '' A memorial from Mr. Perceval against lord Chatham , and another from lord Chatham against the minister , by all that 's damnable . `` —Really from the conduct these ministers were so ready to vindicate , and from that course which they were so liable to pursue , the worst consequences were to be apprehended , if it were not for the character of the monarch under whom we lived . But if such ministers had been in existence at the close of the 17th century , under the wily sovereign who then sat on the throne , he would have encouraged them to memorial against each other , he would have kept alive dissentions among them—he would have by such management put each of them in his power , and through then he would have ruined the country . The hon . member could well suppose such a king 's escrutoire like the lion 's mouth which once received the secret information which treachery communicated to the government of Venice , and which often to led destruction . In the Narrative under consideration he recognized some striking features of that species of information ; for it attempted to blast the fame 587 and prospects of a body of gallant officers . But the papers still kept back , might be still worse . They must , however , be brought to light . Such a practice as lord Chatham 's conduct disclosed must be exposed and reprobated , or responsibility was a mere name , and there would be an end of even the forms of the constitution . —Some gentlemen even among his own friends were pleased to say , that they pitied the minister . He could not , however , feel any pity for such ministers ; for to their