the proudest testimony which could be given of the talents of a Commander . He should feel it his duty , at a future day , to call for the returns ; at present , if he might credit what he had heard , without consulting them , our loss during the whole campaign in Portugal and Spain , including the 1,500 wounded , who fell into the hands of the enemy , did not exceed 6,000 men . So that lord Wellington had performed a march of 1200 miles , and fought a battle , unexampled for its heroism , with a loss which , under the circumstances , must be considered trifling . On the contrary , what was the loss of the enemy ; that enemy ; whose fate gentlemen were so much in the habit of contrasting with lord Wellington 's ? The enemy 's loss did not amount to less than 10,000 men . He hoped that they should never again hear of such contrasts , unless they were drawn 295 in favour of the British general . Soult , with all the eulogiums pronounced upon his retreat , did not carry with him a single cannon and but a third of his army from Portugal . There was one topic more , to which he should advert ; which was the dignity conferred upon lord Wellington , in the title conferred by his Majesty . The hon . general had said , that he fought for it at Talavera , he , lord C. would say , that he had fought for it all over the world ; it was not in Talavera alone his fame was established , he had fought in all quarters , generally opposed by greater numbers , but always victorious . He did not know how honours could be more usefully bestowed , than upon such men and such services ; and so long as the principle upon which he was advanced was acted upon , there was no likelihood of the peerage being disgraced . It was true , and fortunate for the country , that honours were frequently bestowed , during the late and present wars , for great military excellence ; but that was rather a , proof of the talents and bravery of the country , than of the debasement of its honours . While they lamented the losses inevitable in war , let them also remember the advantages—let them remember that the army , with its present experience , was worth tenfold what it was before , and that if , from an unlucky circumstance , it had failed in its object , in no one instance had it been defeated or disgraced . We now appeared before the eyes of Europe , not merely as we had been heretofore considered , a mere naval power , we were also a military one ; recognized as such by an enemy , who had experienced our might in our victories , and those often , when , with inferior numbers , we beat the best and most experienced of his troops . Upon the whole view of the case , he deprecated the notion , that the country was disgraced , and thought , that , for every reason on which it became them to decide , they should agree in giving the thanks to lord Wellington . congratulated lord Wellington that he had found such an able panegyrist as the noble lord who had just spoken , and the noble lord himself , on the display of eloquence he had made , which , if not contradicted by the dispatches themselves , might have amounted to a defence of his own conduct while in office . He ( Mr. W. ) was not one of those whom the noble lord had described as too vehement in lamentation ; at the 296 same time , he could not withhold a tear when he thought of the fate of so many brave soldiers , and the quantity of British blood that had been spilt in a sacrifice to incapacity and folly . They were told ,