would never be a convert to Jacobinism , and he should disdain to recommend its practice or to use its language . That right hon . gent . professed to think that because the motion , only implied , that there was ground to put ministers on their trial , there was no need to wait for the promised papers ; but he should be sorry to see that hon . gent . on a grand jury , if he thought it right to send a man to take his trial before he heard the evidence , offered in support of the bill of indictment . The livery of London in common hall assembled might with less injustice vote censure against ministers by acclamation or upon newspaper reports ; because they had no power to call for better and more satisfactory evidence ; but what mighty evil could arise from a delay of two days , such as would justify that House in precipitating a vote without hearing such evidence as was offered for their consideration ? If not material to the question whether the inquiry was proper , it might at feast assist them in deciding what mode of inquiry and to what extent they ought to adopt—He could not admit that the 196 mere failure of the Expedition to the Scheldt , or the ill success of our arms in Spain and Portugal , were sufficient grounds from which to infer criminal misconduct or incapacity on the part of government . When a country was placed in a situation in which there was perfect freedom of choice , whether to abstain from or prosecute military enterprizes , there ill success might indeed furnish a reasonable presumption of misconduct in their authors or conductors . But a country might be , and he conceived England how was , in a situation similar to that of a town besieged by a powerful army , which the garrison was too feeble to encounter in the open field . In that case the best means of defence might be frequent sallies to delay the enemies ultimate success , and take the chance of contingencies which might bring final relief , although there were no hope of succeeding by such sallies , so as to raise the siege . He thought our continental efforts at present against our too formidable enemy were of this kind ; Overmatched as we were by him in the field , the most we could hope in any quarter , was to delay his general operations , and even as to this partial and temporary success , the chances might be greatly against us every where ; yet might it be unwise not to take them . If so , then it could not truly be argued ; that failure and repulse were necessarily grounds of presumption against the wisdom of such attempts . It must depend upon the evidence of the particular nature of the enterprizes , or of the particular causes of failure whether they deserved praise or blame.—As to the charge that our troops had been marched to their graves , it certainly had so far a foundation , that a great mortality had afterwards broken out amongst them.—But the delay of our operations and other unforeseen causes , and perhaps unavoidable ones , might have produced this calamitous result . He feared that wherever our armies had been employed in foreign service , the same evil had in a great degree been felt . In our West Indian campaigns he was sure that such had been the case , to an extent as dreadful ; or more so , than any thing we had heard of in Walcheren . In the Expedition , for instance , against the French windward islands , in 1794 , whole regiments , with few exceptions , were swept away by disease ; and yet who thought of blaming the ministers of that day for embarking in that enterprises ? The com- 197 manders received the thanks of parliament , and instead of being deterred by the fatal consequences of that campaign , oar ministers entered on another and