to touch on the consequences or the merits of it . then moved , That it should be referred to the Commitee of the whole House on the Expedition to the Scheldt , which was agreed to . rose , and proposed his bill for preventing the granting of places in reversion . After a few observations from the noble lord , the question was about to be put for the first reading of the bill , when , submitted to the House his objections to the measure . His lordship observed , that in cases where the interest of the crown was directly concerned , the consent of the crown was given , according to the practice of parliament , to the proposed measure . The present bill affected the rights of the royal prerogative , 494 as it went to take away the royal power of granting offices for lives . The King was , by the constitution of the country , the fountain of honour ; and in a question like the present , his lordship considered it his duty to object to proceeding without that attention to the rights of the sovereign which the nature of the case required . He thought , therefore , that their lordships could not with propriety proceed further with such a bill , without an intimation of the description he had alluded to . was much surprised to hear of this kind of objection , to a measure which had been already recognized by parliament , which had been in part effected by the passing of the bill suspending the exercise of the royal prerogative ; an objection which had never occurred before , not even in the case of the rejection of the last bill . Ministers had not expressed any such ground of objection , nor stated their opinions against the bill . He was , therefore , desirous of knowing their sentiments on this important subject . spoke with much animation in support of the first reading of the bill . He contended , that the practice of the House of Commons was different from that of their lordships , in whose House it was not necessary to give any exposition of the character of a measure previously , nor to give notice of an intended motion . The first reading would put their lordships in full possession of the nature of the bill . It was due to the other House , to the general opinion of the public , and to the spirit of the measure of suspension already enacted , and which would expire in a few weeks , to go fairly into the consideration of the bill now introduced by his noble friend . supported the observation of his noble friend ( lord Arden , ) respecting the practice whenever the interests of the crown were concerned . The want of attention to it in one instance was no reason for neglecting it in another . The precedents in this question were favourable to such attention . But to afford the fairest opportunity of full information on this subject , he should prefer postponing the adjournment of this debate until the next day , by which time noble lords could consult the journals of the House as to all matters of precedent that bore upon the subject . His lordship added , that he thought it was generally expected , on the introduction of a bill , 495 that a noble lord should open the nature and object of the measure he proposed . The noble baron concluded by moving the adjournment of the debate until the next day . contended that the practice of that House required no notice of motion , nor previous exposition of reasons for introducing a bill , the reading of which would acquaint every noble lord with the object of it . It was strange that this bill should meet with such an objection , after its principle had been so often before them . He wished to know what ministers , the confidential servants of the crown , the persons to whom the government of the