gratifying his animosity against this country , and it was well known with what indefatigable zeal and unceasing activity he followed up every favourite design formed by his revenge , or dictated by his ambition . He had often loudly boasted of having brought his designs and his means at Antwerp to full maturity and perfection ; and , indeed , when he had a main object to gain , he left nothing untried , and no practicable effort unexerted to accomplish it . Was not this , therefore , a proper object to engage the attention of a British government , and could any doubt be entertained of the policy , nay of the necessity of frustrating or endeavouring to frustrate so formidable a design . Accordingly , it was resolved to make a well directed effort to destroy the arsenal and navy , and to deprive our bitterest enemy of the mightiest means by which he was enabled to annoy us . The design , through various unexpected and unforeseen , because unascertainable difficulties , had not been wholly accomplished ; though so far accomplished as to render abortive his schemes of hostility from that quarter ; that end , the complete demolition of the harbour and arsenal of Flushing had secured . Whatever disastrous effects had arisen from the operations necessary to its attainment were indeed to be lamented ; but they were not in the first instance to have been apprehended . The design promised to be executed in a short time , and before the season set in , whose pestilential influence was particularly to be dreaded and most essential to be guarded against . The Expedition was ready to sail about the middle of July ; but was detained nine or ten days by contrary winds , and the other unforeseen and uncontroulable obstacles occurred afterwards to protract the operations till the unhealthy period of the year ; but all these obstructions could not possibly have been foreseen or guarded against . This the information would shew which his Majesty had ordered to be laid before their lordships , and until that information was in the possession of their lordships , it would be impossible for them to decide upon the subject , or to institute a fair inquiry . These 27 reasons , he conceived , would be of themselves sufficient to induce the justice of the House not to accede to the Amendment proposed by his noble friend.—The other point so much insisted upon and reprobated by his noble friend , was the Expedition to Spain and Portugal . Here again his noble friend 's strictures and censures were almost in every respect without foundation ; great and important objects had been achieved by that Expedition ; it had rescued Portugal from the French ; it had covered the British arms and the character of the British army with glory , and by the position that army afterwards occupied and maintained , it rendered infinite service to the Spanish armies . It covered them in several points ; it secured the defence of Estremadura , and in a great measure that of La Mancha . To this Expedition was also owing the deliverance of Gallicia , and the securing of the ships at Ferrol . Were not these important objects , and did not the attainment of them afford very just grounds of triumph and congratulation ? Would it , therefore , be fair to condemn in the gross the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers ; to precipitate an inquiry into the measures they had pursued , or rather , to pronounce judgment and condemnation on them without instituting any inquiry at all ? Such , he thought , would be the effect of adopting the Amendment moved by his noble friend , and he therefore felt himself imperiously called upon to resist it as a proceeding unprecedented and unjust . said , if he thought any power of speech or language necessary to excite the indignation of their lordships or of the country , at the scenes which the government had lately exhibited to the world , he would not