injury to the service . Upon the more minute points he did not purpose troubling the Committee at present . He agreed with the hon . gent . however , as to the necessity of econo- 622 mising in every practicable point , and of husbanding our means of maintaining a long and protracted warfare ; as no man , he believed in the event even of peace , would undertake tube bound for the good behaviour of Buonaparté , it was fair to infer , that a long war we certainly should have . With respect to the navy , he must make an observation by the way . He believed that , if ever there was a time when that part of the force of the country could bear a temporary reduction , this was that time . It was difficult for him to conceive the occasion of keeping up so large a naval force , at a time when the naval supremacy of the country was greater than at any former period . As to the circumstance of its being what is called `` a favourite service , '' the idea was quite childish . It would be a base dereliction of the duty of ministers , to keep up a system , as a hobby horse , at an extravagant expence to the country , at a time when the money might be so much better expended . He could not but approve of the calculations of the noble lord , but he rather feared that they were made upon supposition . He did not wish to follow him into his various statements ; but where he thought there was a most glaring error , he must observe upon it . When the noble lord talked of the whole expence of the local militia amounting to no more than 400,000l . he must take the liberty of thinking , that his estimate on this head was not perfectly correct . For his own part , he had no hesitation in asserting that , when the Committee took into their consideration all the expences concomitant upon that establishment , he did not mean the expences upon parishes only , but the continually increasing bounties , which were taken out of the pockets of the people , the total expence would amount nearer to two millions than one . He was aware it had been said , that it was necessary to force men into the militia , in order thereby to induce them to volunteer then services into the line ; but he denied they were forced into the militia , or that the measure could have any other effect upon the military establishment of the country , than the bad one of an enormous and unnecessary expence . If the Committee were in earnest in its professions of economy , let it begin by wholly doing away the local militia , and establishing the army on a proper foundation . It was impossible to get the army formed upon any rational footing , unless something of this kind was 623 done . He was anxious to see such a system , as would prevent the recurrence of such numerous expeditions , as the country had witnessed within the last year or two . He did not mean to condemn all that was done under the head of Expeditions ; but he certainly condemned the unwise , improvident , and fruitless expence of sending troops into Spain . That was decidedly a measure of the sort he felt himself bound to deprecate . On the other hand , if he saw any thing rational , or judged of upon principles of wisdom , he would be the first to support a measure , which was calculated for the security and advancement of the public good . The right hon . gent . concluded by observing , that these were the heads of expenditure upon which he could not refrain from making some remarks , and he expressed a fervent hope , that the force of the country , one day or other , would be more economically