showed , but also the talent and knowledge he displayed in meeting the objections started by naval men , which induced the Admiralty to employ his lordship , and write to lord Gambier to inform that noble admiral of his appointment ; in doing which , there was not the least doubt insinuated , because none could possibly be entertained , of the merit of all the other officers in lord Gambier 's fleet . In the course of the last century , there were two services performed by fire-ships , mentioned by his lordship ; the first in 1702 , at Vigo , and the second off Minorca , in 1792 . But what was the present service ? Recollect a fleet , protected by shoals and currents , 350 in sight of their own coast , and in presence of their countrymen . Nothing in the annals of our navy was more brilliant . The boom was broken by the Mediator , and the enemy 's vessels were opposed to our fire-ships . Their ruin was then achieved , under the auspices and direction of lord Gambier . He trusted the report of opposition was unfounded . Our glory and our salvation depended upon parliament doing its duty to our brave military and naval defenders . But if party feelings should operate against those who had no other party than their country , we might find our bold and independent officers reluctant to place themselves in situations which might expose them to be too nicely sifted and cavilled at . His lordship concluded , with moving Thanks to lord Gambier for his zeal , judgment , ability , and attention to his Majesty 's naval service , & c. represented in strong terms the light in which ministers placed themselves before parliament and the country , by coming forward so hastily in the first instance to procure thanks , and then suddenly sending the noble admiral to a court martial , with the thanks on their lips . The noble lord opposite did not want the officers ' conduct nicely sifted ; but he thought that in a matter of parliamentary thanks , the case should be clear and strong to receive such a reward . What ! said lord Cochrane , `` look at and sift the log-book . '' He condemned the precipitancy of ministers , who , by their measures , endeavoured to stultify the House , as they had already stultified their own administration . After sending lord Gambier through the ordeal of a court martial , he now came down , pronounced his praises , and called on the House to vote him their thanks ! It was not in this manner that the French government conducted itself to their admirals and generals . They instituted a very severe inquiry as to this affair at Basque Roads , and many of their commanders were most severely punished . They did not give thanks to general Monnet , for his defence of Flushing ; but on the contrary , they censured his conduct most severely . If the barren thanks of both Houses of Parliament were often to be voted in this way , they would soon cease to be of any value . The noble lord who moved those thanks , had spoken a great deal about the battle of Talavera , and the resistance that was made to the Vote of Thanks in that instance . Now , it did not appear to him , 351 that the battle of Talavera had any thing to do with the action at Basque Roads , or with the conduct of lord Gambier . But if the resistance to the Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington was adduced as a proof of party motives , he thought it might as well be considered a proof of party spirit on the other side , to bring forward motions of thanks for services of such a description . said , that in agreeing to the vote of thanks to lord Gambier , he thought he would be acting in conformity to the general sense of the House