military genius of Buonaparté , while he was slow to discern that of the marquis Roman a ; be it that with unpardonable coldness and scepticism , he doubted the zeal of the inhabitants of Madrid , and the unshaken patriotism of Don Thomas Morla . Let all the foolish objections , let all the foul calumnies avail , that have been invented in order to blacken the memory of this illustrious man , who fell a victim to the folly and impracticability of the design in which he was engaged . But setting him aside , what were the opinion of all the other officers who served upon that Expedition ? They surely were not all incapable of forming a judgment ; they did not all labour from beginning to end under the influence of invincible prejudices and incurable despondency . And did any one of them , if they were consulted , advise a second experiment ? I do not speak from certain information , but I believe not one . The opinions of some among them are recorded along with those of Sir John Moore , and , as far as they go , they perfectly coincide with the sentiments he had expressed . Nay I am persuaded one might go yet farther , and defy his Majesty 's ministers to produce the name of a single officer of rank or character in his service , who either advised the second campaign , or who would be willing to stake any part of his reputation , upon the merit of that advice . I know not what there is to put into the opposite scale . Perhaps indeed one may form some idea of the nature of the informa- 43 * tion upon which his Majesty 's ministers proceeded , from that of the agents whom they spread over the face of the peninsula , and who were understood to maintain a correspondence with the government at home . These missionaries were for the most part military men , not very high in the profession , and who were of course delighted , with the honours they received , and the consequence they derived , from their situation as the agents of the British government . It was natural enough that persons of this description , and that too without imputing to them any criminal or deliberate dereliction of their duty , should represent only the fair side of things , that they should give a little colouring to whatever was good , and extenuate all that was discouraging . Indeed one could not expect , ( so long as it was possible to put a favourable construction upon events , or to distinguish a single ray of hope ) that they should transmit home accounts which would not only be disagreeable to their employers , but fatal to their own prospects , and the effect of which they might reasonably apprehend would be , to put an end to all their activity and importance , and recall them at once from the dignified occupation of composing proclamations and dispatches , to the humble routine of regimental duty . I do not wish to speak harshly of persons who acted to the best of their very moderate abilities , and who ought not to incur any share of that blame which is exclusively due to the government that employed them . They even deserve praise for their activity and spirit , but I really believe that out of the whole number there was scarce a cool-headed sound-judging man , scarce one whose opinion was much hotter having , than that of the famous col. Charmilly himself . Yet it appears that the authority of these gentlemen weighed more with his Majesty 's ministers ( supposing them to have paid any regard to authority at all ) than that of all those persons whose deliberate disinterested opinion as to the chance of success , and the nature of the aid to be expected from the Spaniards , was formed upon actual service , and the actual trial of that experiment which they were about to repeat . The