of inquiry on this occasion to any select or secret Committee , by whom the course of investigation might be misdirected , or its bounds limited—before whom , possibly , garbled extracts , called documents , might be laid by ministers themselves , in order to produce a partial discussion . But I will not expose the case to such a risk . It is in a Committee of the whole House alone , we can have a fair case , because if necessary we can examine oral evidence at the Bar.—As to the objection respecting time , it may be said , that my motion ought not to be entertained until the papers promised by ministers shall be laid before the House . But there is no validity in that objection . It is indeed a delusive and shallow subterfuge , as my view is simply to establish the tribunal before I open my case—that before the papers and documents applicable to the case shall be brought forward , it should be known before what tribunal that case is to be tried.—The only end I have in view is to pledge the House to the institution of an inquiry . I do not propose 163 to prejudge any measure or any man , but to satisfy the country and to justify the House , which we ought to do as early as possible , by shewing , that it is our resolution to bring to a fair trial and judgment those , against whom the strongest grounds of suspicion exist—those against whom the most serious charges are generally entertained and are universally made . I trust and hope , that , in such an object , I shall have the support of all the real friends of inquiry . Sure I am , that the country will concur with me ; that I shall be opposed by those only who wish to evade inquiry altogether . It is not my wish at this time to discuss the merits of the investigation . I do not wish now to put the inquiry upon its trial but to put his Majesty 's ministers upon their trial . But I do not desire to put ministers upon their trial before they have had full opportunity of preparing their evidence and their defence ; yet can the country endure to remain in doubt , whether such ministers shall be tried at all . To remove that doubt , to give assurance to the public , that the causes of the disaster and disgrace which have lately be fallen us , shall be fully inquired into—that a transaction which has entailed such misfortunes upon England , while it has entirely closed the prospect of benefiting the continent , shall not pass without due investigation—that we will trace it to its source—that we will follow it throughout its progress—that we will endeavour to derive from that review all the means of instruction which experience can furnish to assist us in extricating the country from its present difficulties : —These are the important and salutary effects to be derived from the adoption of my motion : and these I trust will appear of sufficient magnitude to induce the House to accede to it.—If we examine any , or all the campaigns which have recently taken place , we shall find in each the same characteristics of ignorance and imbecility , the same departure from all the established principles of sound practice and military policy . Look at which you please , you perceive the same features of weakness and deficiency . The farther we advance the more we see of tardiness of preparation , of ignorance in conduct , of imbecility in combination , and of consequent failure in result . In fact , every operation was marred and rendered inefficient by the gross mismanagement of those to whom unfortunately the super-intendance of our affairs is committed . 164 The whole course of their policy and proceedings served only to waste our strength , to exhaust our resources , and to expose and degrade our national character . In the Expedition to which my motion refers