of parliament ; and as for the speeches of the honourable member for Yorkshire , they would speak for themselves , and , he believed , that they were given in a manner sufficiently accurate to convey , upon the whole , a just impression of his conduct , though he had nobody to take care of him . A more innocent breach of privilege , than that of printing speeches or names , there could not be , if properly executed . But as to the marks , or asterisks , pointing out the members who represented counties , or populous places , this could hardly be called a breach of privilege at all . During the 20 years he had sat in the House , he never saw a misrepresentation , which , on the whole , he did not think had better be let alone , than be made matter of complaint in that House , and this , certainly , was one of the very last cases of misrepresentation that ought to be visited with severity . remarked , that the only proper way of correcting misrepresentation , was by notice or complaint in that House . Members could not enter into controversies with the conductors of newspapers . observed , that when an 219 irregular conversation about privilege took place , he did not presume to interpose , unless called upon to do so ; but there must be limits to these indulgences , and he trusted the House would think it had now arrived at such limits . rose to complain of a Breach of Privilege . In perusing the Minutes of the Court Martial upon lord Gambier , he observed an official letter from the Admiralty to lord Cochrane , a member of that House , which he considered as an undoubted breach of privilege . Lord Cochrane having intimated , that he intended to oppose the vote of Thanks to lord Gambier , the Admiralty issued directions to his lordship in the letter to which he alluded , to state the grounds on which he meant to make that opposition . This , then , was a letter conveying an official direction to a member of that House to state the grounds by which his conduct in that House was to be governed . This , too , was put upon record , by warrant , upon the minutes of the Court-Martial . He did not know how there could be a more direct violation of the privileges of that House . He concluded by moving , as the ground of his complaint , for the order of the 7th of June , for trying lord Gambier , and for the letter of the 29th of May , addressed by the secretary of the Admiralty to lord Cochrane . observed , that as these papers were moved on the ground of a breach of privilege , it would not be proper to refuse them ; especially , as he saw no public ground for withholding them . But , he believed , that the hon . gent . would , when the papers were produced , find it difficult to contend with success , that this was a breach of privilege . He thought , on the contrary , that nothing was more consistent and proper , than that the admiralty , finding that his lordship , who had distinguished himself so much in the attack on the French fleet in Basque roads , intended to oppose the Vote of Thanks to lord Gambier , should desire his lordship to state his reasons for his opposition , in order to ascertain whether those were grounds for any proceedings against lord Gambier . But he would defer his opinion till the papers were produced.—The motion was then agreed to . rose , and addressed the House to the following effect : —Sir ; Painful to me as it is , to present myself to the 220 attention of this House , on the present occasion , yet a duty which I owe to my country , demands the sacrifice of my feelings .