had laboured under a mistake in confounding the introduction of the bill with the passing of it ; it had been passed in a late period of that session , but not introduced at a late one . The motion was then agreed to rose to put a question to a noble lord opposite . He wished to know if that noble lord intended to move the next day to go into a Committee upon the Expedition to the Scheldt . replied in the affirmative . then said , that he took that opportunity of giving notice , that in case that Inquiry should be gone into the next day he would proceed to enforce the standing order of the House , for the exclusion of strangers . This he did not from any wish to keep their proceedings from publicity in due time , but with a view to guard against the possibility of any misrepresentation or misunderstanding out of doors before the Minutes should be published , a precaution that appeared to him necessary to be taken before they proceeded to an Inquiry to be carried on in the manner in which they had determined that important investigation should be conducted . pursuant to notice rose to move for a variety of accounts and returns respecting the present state of the circulating medium , and the bullion trade . He expressed a decided opinion , that it was necessary for the House to make an Inquiry into the causes of the present high price of bullion , and the consequent effect upon the value of the paper currency , not only on account of the real importance of the subject , but in consequence of the great misconceptions which too generally prevailed respecting the causes of the actual situation of the country with reference to this subject . The most effectual mode of investigating this highly interesting question would be by a Select Committee , and it was therefore his intention on an early day to move for such a Committee . But it would be not only convenient but indispensable , in the first instance , to obtain all such information on the whole of the subject , as papers might afford ; which information could afterwards be referred to the Committee . He would not adopt the opinion which prevailed among some people , that the high price of gold , and the depreciation of paper , ( for depreciation in a certain sense it was ) were to be ascribed to the number of country banks ; for the better their nature and operation were understood , it would the more clearly appear , that they formed an essential part 270 of our system of credit and currency . Nor was he prepared at once to adopt another conclusion which had been urged in various forms before the public , that the explanation of the cause of the present evils must be referred wholly to an undue issue of notes by the Bank of England : for , though an excess in the market price of gold above its mint price , would be one certain consequence of such an undue issue , yet that same excess might originate from other causes , or be enhanced by other circumstances . He did not presume as yet to form a clear or confident conclusion upon the subject ; it was to arrive at a correct opinion that he wished the House to call for the information and undertake the Inquiry he meant to propose . His present conjecture was , that the high price of gold might be produced partly by a larger circulation of Bank of England paper than was necessary , and partly by the new circumstances in which the foreign trade of this country was placed ; by which a continual demand for bullion was produced , not merely to discharge the balance of trade as in the ordinary state of things , but for the purpose of carrying on some of the most important branches of our commerce ; such as she purchase of naval stores from the Baltic , and grain