own intentions , he thought there had been few cases in which it might , in every point of view , calculate so fairly upon a prosperous issue , as in the probable consequences of the bill proposed . could not conceive , if the grant of reversions were at all a matter from winch inconvenience was found to result , why it should not be at once abolished . There never could be any advantage in a temporary law on this subject . What would this be but to confess , that the principle of granting offices in reversion was bad , and yet that there would be an accumulation of such offices to be granted by a minister all at one time ; thereby adding to , and in- 260 creasing the evil which already existed . The Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to overlook every thing that was great in the present question , and to fix only on that part of it which was insignificant.—He conceived the prohibiting of the granting of reversions , however , to be a measure which would be extremely beneficial both to the crown and to the people . Either these offices had duties attached to them , or they were sinecures . If there were duties to be performed , how absurd , how dangerous the granting of any such office , to commence at a future and indefinite period . At the time the reversion was granted , the person on whom it was conferred might be , in every respect , qualified for the discharge of its duties . He might have the requisite abilities , and he might enjoy a pure and spotless character . At the time when the reversion fell in to him , however , he might be no longer fit for the situation ; his intellects might be impaired , or his reputation might be gone . Yet there was no resource—the situation he held would legally be vested , and , however injurious to the interests of the country , the situation he must enjoy . It was a determined point , the learned gent . observed , that no office in a court of law could be held in reversion . There was a report by lord Coke of a case , in queen Elizabeth 's time , where a reversion having been granted of the office of auditor of the court of aids , such grant was held to be void , because , though the office was not purely judicial , it partook of that character . He agreed that it had never been determined that other offices than those of a judicial nature might not be granted in reversion ; but still , what was applicable to offices of that kind could not be inapplicable to other offices of trust or confidence in the country ; and where talents or character were requisite in the persons filling such offices , the rule was surely applicable , though probably not to the same extent . He would ask , if the House would believe that a man , in the sound use of his capacity , would appoint a steward , or even a common servant , to succeed on the death of another person then exercising the duties of either of these stations ? And then he left it to them to say , if it were becoming that they should allow the offices in the state to be dealt with in a manner different from that with which they would wish menial situations in their own service to be disposed of ? Whether 261 sinecures should exist , or not , was not now the question.—But if they should , they should be for services past , and already performed . If offices in reversion were to be given for such services , much would be given by the people , and yet little received by the persons performing the service . All they received was a contingency or chance of something which might never be realized , and which at the moment , held out very