imagine that he would detach a single man , from his main body , in order to expel us a few weeks the sooner from a place where our army was perishing faster by disease , than he could hope to destroy it by the sword . Did his Majesty 's ministers think , or did any body think , that this consummate warrior and statesman , engaged as he was in a last struggle with the yet formidable power of the House of Austria , and about to do that which was to crown all his former successes and glories , by rendering him uncontrouled master of the continent ; that such a man , at such a moment , would be guilty of an error which scarce a subaltern officer in his army could not point out , and of which , to state it as strongly as possible , they themselves would hardly nave been capable in a similar situation ? He well knew , how great that prize was for which he was to contend on the banks of the Danube . He knew that it was there , and there alone , he was to fight , not only for Germany , but for Spain , for Italy , for Holland , for France itself , for all his conquests and all his glories . He knew that it was there a final decree was to be passed upon the fate of Europe , a decree not to be reversed by the capture of a few Dutch towns , or the destruction of any logs that might be floating in the Scheldt . And did they so far measure his mind by their own poor and inadequate conception of affairs , as ever to dream that he could be arrested in his career , that he could be prevented from striking the last fatal blow , through the fear of losing Flushing , or Middleburgh , or Antwerp itself . Did they imagine that for the sake of such comparatively paltry objects he would sacrifice the thousandth part of his chance of gaining such a battle as that of Wa- 55 gram , which , if he lost these things , would form but a slight aggravation to the calamity , which if he gained , the re-taking of a few towns , and the re-building of a few ships would be an easy task to a man who would then wield , at pleasure , the whole moral and physical force of Europe . But if they really entertained any hopes of saving Austria , did it never occur to them that there was a point to which a force might be sent with a greater chance of success than to the coast of Holland ? Did it never occur to them , that in the north of Germany , we should have been nearer the seat of war , and that our appearance would have told more directly upon the operations of Buonaparté ? Did they not know that we should have found a people , ( of whose dispositions , indeed , we have since had such convincing proofs during the singular and well conducted retreat of the Duke of Brunswick ) , a people eager in the cause , and anxious for our aid ; and by directing our efforts to that quarter we should have shewn , what it was most important to shew , a disposition to attend to the main objects of the war , singly , and without any mixture of views exclusively our own , and resulting from a more contracted system of policy . One should not have been surprised , indeed , if a different view of this subject had been taken by a government differently composed , but it is really singular that the persons then in power should have acted upon any other . We all remember , how , upon a former occasion , when out of power , what they termed , the neglect of administration to send assistance to a much more remote point , and under circumstances certainly