forced to give credit to the assertions of ministers , that no partiality was observed in the granting of them—so far above the ordinary weaknesses of human nature were they . Perhaps , however , he could state instances of the conduct of past times , which did not proceed upon the same liberal principle . He remembered that , in the case of the restraint upon the importation of bark , the ministers granted a license to one merchant , who was a member of the House of Commons , ( at least so report said ) . He did not state confidently that it was so ; but if it was , what could be said to ministers who had so conducted themselves ? knew of no such license as that which the hon . gent . had stated . felt it due in justice to his Majesty 's ministers , to declare , that in proposing the bill to prevent the exportation of bark , their object was not to prevent the enemy from getting bark , but to oblige them , if they were to get bark from this country at all , to get it with a certain proportion of other articles . He was 160 ready to grant , that the mode of carrying on our trade by licenses was very objectionable , and liable to great suspicion ; and it was one of the unhappy features of the times that it was necessary to resort to such a practice . It was not to be supposed , if an increase of seven millions had taken place in the exports of the country , that any improper selection had been made of the persons to whom licences had been granted . It must be obvious that they had been granted indiscriminately to the whole of the commercial body , and not restricted to the friends of the government . was of opinion that the Orders in Council were like every other measure of policy—intended to be strict only when they could injure the national enemy , and relaxed when they might benefit ourselves . It was admitted that trade had flourished . It was absurd to conceive that the system which benefited the whole should be radically injurious to the parts . If the body of British merchants were satisfied and grateful , it was idle to say that the individuals of that body were materially injured by the continuance of the system . said , the Orders in Council could never have originated with any man conversant in mercantile affairs . The trade was completely shackled ; there was hardly a port to which they could sail without a license . He believed there was no partiality shewn , but still it was sufficient to know that the influence did exist . At the board of trade , there was not one , except the vice president ( Mr. Rose ) , who knew any thing of the matter ; the rest were lords , lawyers , and naturalists . To say that these Orders in Council were the foundation of our commercial prosperity , was absurd . In fact , they did not exist . The merchants of this country have not been permitted to trade to any country to which neutrals were not also admitted . It was impossible , therefore , that the commerce of this country could have been benefited by the exclusion of neutrals . When the state of the mercantile interests of this country , however , came fairly before the House ; when the state of bullion and of exchange were taken into view , it would be seen we had not much on which to congratulate ourselves . It would be seen that we did not enjoy that real health essential to the well-being of commerce.—It was then agreed , that the House should on Monday resolve into Committee of Supply . rose and spoke to the following effect : —Sir , when at the close of a former night 's debate , I gave notice of the motion , which I shall this night