had meant to state was , that in a motion for enquiry , it was unfair to anticipate the result , which the Amendment in the present instance certainly did , and for that reason and on that ground only he had opposed it . felt it to be his duty to justify the line of conduct that had been pursued , respecting the expeditions , upon which so much of that day 's discussion turned , and he assured the right hon . gent . who spoke last , that there was no part of his conduct which he should not have an opportunity of knowing . Conscious of the wise policy upon which these expeditions were framed , and confident that he could most fully and satisfactorily justify the principles upon which they had been undertaken , and the manner in which they had been directed , to the attainment of their objects , he had more reason to court than to shrink from inquiry . But as the share he had had in these transactions , had been frequently adverted to , in the course of the debate , he could not bring himself to allow the present question to come to a vote , without offering some observations to the House upon the subjects and arguments that had been introduced into the discussion . He did not think it necessary , however , to enter very minutely into the subject on the present occasion , as it would come frequently under the consideration of the House in a more detailed form , when the necessary documents were before them . He trusted that he never , in any part of his political conduct , discovered any disposition to evadé enquiry ; and though , differing ; as he did , from the right hon . gent . who had I now sat down , on many other points , he had always agreed with him in that . On the former occasion , to which the right hon . member had alluded , he had not opposed the motion for enquiry ; but the majority of the House thought differently from him , and negatived the motion for inquiry . The same inclination he had always discovered for enquiry , he felt in an equal degree on the present occasion . He was sensible , however , at the same time , of the difficulties to military , as well as public men , in attending such enquiries , and the almost utter impracticability , in some cases , of making their views fully 76 understood , when not seconded by favourable results ; but the constitution required that the House should be satisfied ; and regarding , so highly as he did , the privileges of that . House , he would be the last man to attempt to deprive them of so salutary and constitutional a chock en public men , and public measures . He , for his own part , would not shrink from enquiry , and did not fear the exercise of that penal justice with which the right hon . gent , had threatened him . He claimed no mercy from him , but most sincerely requested that the House would examine into the merits or demerits of his conduct , and do him justice . The summary mode which the right hon . gent . had taken , in passing judgment before he had the information and evidence , was ill suited to the ends of justice , and the dignity of that House . He did not , however , complain of the right hon . gents severity in this respect , but trusted that the House would not , like him , think it necessary to recur to the whole course of the administration in which he had lately a share , to furnish the grounds of charge , or subjects of this enquiry . The House , he trusted , would confine itself to the late campaign , and discard all such subjects as had already come under their review . Such an enquiry as the