In the other parts of the kingdom , he believed they were in a proportion of one to upwards of 3,000 . So that , on an average of 7,196 persons committed for trial for those offences in the years 1808 and 1809 , which the law calls capital offences , only one had been executed . Thus if the question were to be fairly considered , as to what the execution had been , it might be said the law had been unexecuted . In bringing this subject before the House , he hoped he should not , as he had been on former occasions , be represented as a person wishing to be thought possessed of more refined feelings and a greater degree of humanity than his neighbours . He had no such ideas in his mind , but in what he did was actuated as much by a desire for the public good , as for that of individuals ; and he was particularly induced to bring this matter before the House , from a conviction in his own mind , that the non-execution of the law in the infliction of those punishments he had alluded to , was the cause of crimes , by holding out a prospect of impunity . The circumstances of the times rendered it im- 369 possible that all the convictions for this species of offence should be carried into effect . Judges , jurors , prosecutors , and the crown , all felt sensible that it was impossible for the statutes in these cases to be carried into effect . This alone was sufficient for all reasonable men , that such inefficient and inapplicable laws ought no longer to remain on the statute book . It frequently happened , that parties were deterred from bringing depredators to punishment , from the severity of the penalty which would be the result of their conviction , and persons were thereby led to the perpetration of crimes by the impunity which was held out to delinquents . As the law was at present put in force , the judges on the circuits , and ministers of the crown in London , decided against whom the sentence of the law should be put in force . This he could not help considering as an unpleasant duty to be committed to any hands . When saying this , however , he was far from meaning to say any thing against the judges of the present day , or those who are gone . He did not recollect any one that had not acted to the best of his judgment according to the intention of the laws , as they stand at present . But if this practice was to be continued , the Legislature should prescribe certain rules to go by in every case . He would not , however venture at present to introduce any great change into our criminal code , but would only suggest , that mere violations of property , unattended with any circumstances of personal violence , or dangerous effects to commerce , ought to be exempted from capital punishments . He had it in view to move for a repeal of the acts of king William 3 , which made it a capital felony to steal in a shop to the value of 5s . ; the act of queen Anne to a similar effect against stealing to the value of 40s . in a dwelling-house ; and the act of George 2 , against stealing to the like value from any bark or vessel in any river or navigable canal , or on a wharf , for any of which offences persons found guilty , on conviction were liable to the penalty of death . It was true that the extreme penalty of the law was very rarely put in execution against such offenders ; but this was not owing to the leniency of the laws , but to the practice which had of late years been adopted , of suffering such matters to be decided according to the opinion of the judge before whom the matter was tried