, that the House and the country had to complain of . It was generated in calamity , and your troops were marched from their own shore direct to destruction . There were none of those extraordinary obstructions encountered which have often been so fatal to the best arranged operations nothing in the conduct of the officers—no impediment from wind and weather , and the events proved , that where our troops came in contact with the enemy , success was the uniform consequence . In neither could there be traced any interruption to our eventful success through the fortune of war—a cause too frequently decisive upon some of its greatest and most extensive operations . It was demonstrable that this Expedition had failed and solely failed from pre-existing causes . Why ministers did not know of them , was a part of his accusation and their misconduct . They should have been aware of the nature of the climate , of the poisonous air of Walcheren . But the event proved , that they either did not know of them , or knowing that , they disregarded them . They marched the British army to its grave , to be extinguished amidst the pestilential air of Walcheren , to go out like a candle in a vault . In every view the House could take of the question , it must appear evident upon their own shewing , that ministers had completely failed . If it was taken up as a foreign object , with a hope of affecting the state of even 's at that time in Germany , its object was wholly frustrated , and if it was considered solely as a British object , the calamitous result , in that case , completely contradicted its purpose . The great and uncontrollable cause of the failure , arose from the utter impossibility that it could succeed . It would be a reproach for ever to the character of parliament , if it suffered its attention to be diverted for one single day , from taking steps of inquiry , by any vain delusive hope held out from the production of papers . By the way , he must be permitted to observe , that those papers , had ministers been sincere in their professions , should have been delivered the first day the House assembled . Let it not be said that they were not prepared . They who could foresee nothing else , must have , at least , foreseen that parliament was to be assembled . With so many months to 192 prepare they could have no excuse for not having all the documents on the first day of the session . The right hon . gent . I concluded by observing , that he could not admit the explanation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , relative to the introduction of the King 's name by the hon . gent . near him ( Mr . Croker . ) Such an introduction of it into the debates of that House ever had been and ever ought to be reprobated as a gross impropriety . Certainly it had on the present occasion proceeded from a very young member , and was probably to be ascribed to his want of sufficient parliamentary usage and experience . then rose and said ; —The right hon . gent . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , has been pleased to tell this House , that the question they are now called upon to decide is , merely whether it shall proceed to the institution of an inquiry on Friday next , or on the succeeding Monday . That the point for which my noble friend contends , is nothing more than a difference of two days . That however , is not the question . It is far more important ; it is , whether this House shall this night do its duty to the people of Great Britain , or wave it altogether through deferential indulgence to ministers . If the right hon . gent . should possess the power to prevail upon this House to adopt this