of those gentlemen who fad spoken and who seemed to consider , that the calamitous failure of the main objects of the Expedition was in some degree alleviated by the partial success it had met with . This was a doctrine to which he could never agree.—He never would have consented to the Expedition , if he had supposed that nothing greater would have been accomplished . He never supposed that the possession of Flushing , or Walcheren , were objects adequate to such great preparation and such expence ; but he did consider that the possession of the naval arsenal at Antwerp would have been an object of the fast importance as a British object , and that no other point could have been selected in which the force which it was in the power of the country to send , could render more service to the common cause . If the Expedition had succeeded in this object , it would have set free such a considerable portion of our naval force , that it would have made our resources for the future more easily applicable to any other assistance which could be given to the continent . If it were true , as some gentlemen stated , that Buonaparté was never to be diverted from the grand objects of his policy , by any Expedition which this country could send out , such an objection would not go particularly to the Expedition to the isle of Walcheren , but to any Expedition which ministers could send out . From that principle , it must be obvious that it would have been equally useless to have sent the Expedition to the north of Germany or to Spain , and in that case it would appear , that the best diversion it was possible to make , was ( as a great man once observed ) , to keep your armies at home , that the enemy may be in constant apprehension , from not knowing where the danger was likely to approach . The only doctrine which could grow out of such a principle would be , that no expedition should be sent out , and that the disposeable force of the country should never be made use of . If it were , however , true that no expeditions of ours could in any manner divert Buonaparté from his other projects , it would at least be allowed , that it would be a subject of consideration , whether we could not give some material annoyance to an enemy . If the Expedition had fully succeeded , it would have produced a great political and moral effect . It would have shewn to Europe , 82 that Buonaparté could not with impunity abstract the whole of his military force to foreign objects , but that he must keep a certain portion of it to defend his own coasts , and protect his naval arsenals . Some gentlemen seemed to think that au expedition ought rather to have been sent to the north of Germany , in which there had been some partial symptoms of insurrection against France . Now , this was not a question altogether of policy , but of justice also . It appeared to him that the only circumstances in which justice and humanity would allow us to interfere In any continental insurrections , were , first , if the people of any country having well weighed their peculiar circumstances , should determine that it was better to run the extremest dangers of war , than submit to the degree of oppression under which they laboured . In this case , it would certainly be just , and becoming the dignity of this country , to assist those who were previously determined on breaking their chains.—There was another case , in which also it would be just and allowable to interfere ; if we could send large armies which were themselves nearly a match for the utmost strength of the enemy , and which we were willing to commit , as fully as the country itself was to be committed which we came to assist