it , together with various circumstances , to which it would be obviously improper to give publicity , and therefore the House would , no doubt , appoint amore confined tribunal for conducting that part of the investigation . After the debate on the points he had referred to had concluded , he could not apprehend the occurrence of any other material discussion to interfere with the proposed inquiry . Certainly he should not wish to promote any such discussion . It was , he hoped , in the recollection of the House , that on a former inquiry , his endeavour uniformly was to prevent any division that might lead to delay ; and he would pursue the same course in this instance . stated , that he saw many other points to which it would be proper for the House to direct its inquiry , as well as those mentioned by the right hon . gent . namely , as to the time occupied in fitting out the Expedition , the manner in which it was fitted out , and the period at which it sailed . On these several heads there were various matters in circulation , which demanded inquiry . But , with regard to the first point stated by the right hon . gent . it might , no doubt , be very proper to appoint a private committee to receive an article of secret communication made to ministers , previous to the undertaking of this unfortunate Expedition . That , however , was a question which had no concern with the application of his noble friend , or with the other points referred to . Ministers were not required by his noble friend , or any one who thought with him , to publish any thing which ought to be kept secret . They were simply asked to give to the purposes of the inquiry as much of the time of the House as the necessary attention to indispensable public business would allow . It was not supposed that the promise of any individual 250 should bind the House . But all that was expected or required was , that general understanding , which might be consistently established , and which his noble friend 's application had alone in view . rose for the purpose of moving the Estimates of the Navy . The hon . gent . then moved— '' That it is the opinion of the Committee that the number of seamen to be employed for the year 1810 , be 130,000 men , including 31,000 marines , '' which was agreed to . He next observed , that it was necessary to follow up this vote with the usual vote of wear and tear , which the Committee would recollect embraced the wages and victuals of the number of men voted . He had to observe , that the amount voted last year was 11,900,000l . but there would be a diminution this year to the amount of 1,000,000 and upwards . This reduction he accounted for upon two grounds ; first , from a new regulation for keeping the public accounts ; and secondly , from an actual diminution of expence . The first would consist in the transfer to the Army Estimates of that part of the charge for victualling garrisons upon foreign stations , and troops in transports , which had heretofore been included in the account for victualling the navy ; and the second , in the total reduction of the sea fencibles . From this corps an expence had arisen to the country of about 200,000l . per annum : but , as the officers would be placed on half pay , the saving would be little more than half that sum . He proposed to move for the grant of 130,000 seamen , including 31,000 marines , for the service of the year 1810 , at the rate of 1l . 15s . 6d . per man per month ; which was less by 1s . 6d . a month than the grant of last year . But this difference formed the sum hitherto appropriated