not well hesitate to accede to the motion of his hon . friend . said , that lord Chatham had evinced , in his examination , no wish to conceal any point connected with the Expedition . He only refused to answer a question which related to his own conduct subsequently , viz . whether he had presented any Narrative to the king , since his command closed ? He then argued the two grounds of right and discretion , and also the matter of precedents . The former he conceded ; but contended , that the two latter went against granting the motion . He repeated , that the paper did not exist in any public office of the state : and indeed no paper had been specifically called for , or stated to exist , the whole being founded on an assumption and supposition . had thought on a former night , that the narrative ought not to have been produced , but he had on that occasion bowed to the authority of the chair , and felt , on the ground of that decision , that the present motion should be agreed to . Supposing that the motion then , instead of being for that paper , or such a paper , had been for any papers communicated to his Majesty by lord Chatham relative to the Expedition to the Scheldt , he wished to know if ministers would have opposed any such motion . He did not think they would , and if they would not , he could not conceive a reason why they should not agree to the present motion . As to the objection started that the paper was not an official one , he should only 579 say , that when they were called on to consider what was an official paper , it had always appeared to him that it was not the place where it was found , but the nature of the paper that made it official . It had been said by the hon . mover , that he assumed that there was in that paper some matter criminatory of others in the conduct of that Expedition . He did not know upon what grounds that hon . gent . had made any such assumption . But it had been said upon the other side , that those who supported the motion were all along begging the question . That he denied . They were justifiable in assuming the existence of any papers called for ; they were justifiable in calling for them in order to ascertain whether they did or did not exist . But he would ask , was there a man in that House who doubted the existence of the paper in question ? Did any hon . gent . affirm that it did not exist ? Did his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , for a moment contend , that there was no such paper ? He thought that for these reasons the House must accede to the motion . begged the candid attention of the House while he stated to them frankly the reasons that influenced him to give the vote he intended to give upon the question now before them . Perhaps the shortest , the simplest , and the fairest course would be for him to state , that according to the principles he had imbibed from what he had seen of the theory , or known of the practice of the constitution , he was long of opinion , that the more fortunate mode of proceeding would have been in the first instance to have referred the whole question of the conduct of that Expedition to a court of inquiry ; not that the decision of that court was necessarily in any degree to bind the judgment or fetter the subsequent proceedings of that House . Opinions were numerous that blame must rest SOUR where , and it was highly important that the country should know to whom it was really imputable . It must , therefore , in the nature of things , have been