doctrines of Dr. Paley , but on the contrary had stated , that the excellence of his works had given credit to , and caused mischievous effects to be produced by such errors as he had fallen into . The hon . and learned gent , then took notice of the various arguments urged against his motion , and stated that this was only one of the measures which he meant to bring forward for the improvement of the criminal law . supported the motion . remarked , that it was now about three years since their lordships , having abolished the disgraceful African slave trade , carried up an address to his Majesty , beseeching his Majesty to use such measures , in his wisdom , as might conduce to the abolition of that traffic on the part of those powers in amity with his Majesty . He particularly alluded to America , and to Spain and Portugal . The first of these powers , from 375 the circumstance of the treaty negociated with her by the noble lord ( Auckland ) and himself , not having proved permanent , and from the slate of intercourse since that time , was not certainly placed in a situation in which much could be expected to be done with her by us on such a subject . But Portugal and Spain were situated differently , and we had possessed all the means of friendly communication and persuasion with those powers . He was therefore extremely desirous of knowing explicitly what steps had been taken in furtherance of the meaning and spirit of that Address . assured their lordships that he felt every desire to furnish every possible information respecting the question put by the noble lord , He might take it upon him to say , that in pursuance of the directions of parliament his Majesty 's ministers at the different courts in amity with his Majesty , had been instructed to make representations on this head to the courts at which they respectively resided ; that such representations had been made to the government of the United States ; and also to that of Spain and of Portugal , or rather of the Brazils ; but that these countries were now differently situated , both with regard to Great Britain and with relation to one another from the circumstances in which they were placed when the representation had first been made . Our relations were not now on a footing with America , to allow us immediately to recommend or follow up that sort of arrangement . The situation of Spain and of Portugal were also very different : and in the present situation of both , it could not be expected that any thing definitive could be ultimately arranged . At the same time he might assure the noble lord , that the proper instructions to that effect had been given to the British minister at the Brazils , and to the minister in Spain , as far as that country , under its present relations with its colonies , could be able to examine and decide the question . said , that the answer was , to him , quite unsatisfactory . The object of the Address was not , he reminded noble lords , the negotiating with foreign powers to create for us every facility for our abolition of this disgraceful and inhuman traffic , but the persuading of other powers , our friends and allies , to follow the glorious example we had set them , and co-operate with us in putting an end 376 to it altogether . He was most anxious to know what had been done since . If the object of that Address had not been attended to , it might become his duty to move a censure on those men who had neglected it . He concluded by giving notice of a motion on the subject for Thursday se'nnight . rose to move for the production of some documents respecting the state of Antwerp , previously to the sailing of the late Expedition to the Scheldt . He observed , that