not even communicated to his colleagues for their revision . Refusing , as the noble lord had done , to answer the questions proposed to him yesterday evening , the House of Commons were called upon , on every principle of duty to their soveraign , and of justice to their country , to adopt the precedent of the gallant general , and to address his Majesty for the purpose of endeavouring to obtain any further document , if any such existed . In what office the right hon . gent . opposite must look for those documents , he knew not ; but as they agreed to the recent motion of the gallant general , he left it to them to pursue the same course by which they became possessed of the Narrative already produced , as for every overt act of the king , ministers were responsible . His Majesty could do no wrong ; and the right hon . gent . opposite must either account for the advice upon which his Majesty was induced to act , or they ought to withdraw from the situations which they occupied in his 564 Majesty 's Councils . He concluded by moving . `` That an humble address be presented to his Majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order that there be laid before the House copies of all reports , memoranda , narratives or papers submitted at any time to his Majesty by the earl of Chatham , relative to the late Expedition . '' begged it might be distinctly understood that he did not question the right of the House to present an address similar to that proposed by the hon . gent . Admitting this right in its fullest extent , he contended , however , that in the exercise of the right they must be guided by the limits of discretion . One of the last sentences of the hon . gent 's , speech would serve as an answer to all that preceded it . The hon . gent . had said , that it was for his Majesty 's ministers to consider to what office they would refer in search of the papers which he wished to be produced . Upon this head , he felt no difficulty in stating that there neither was nor had been in any office under government— ( Hear ! hear ! from the opposition side ) —He wished to be understood—there neither was nor had been in any office under government any paper , report , memorandum , or narrative upon the subject in question communicated to a single individual of his Majesty 's confidential servants , other than that now on the table of the House , and that had not been communicated to them before the 14th of February , the day on which it had been presented by lord Chatham to his Majesty . All the addresses on any subject similar to the present , which the House of Commons had hitherto been induced to carry up to the throne , were either for the production of regularly official papers , to elucidate any measure the expediency of which they questioned , or to ascertain the advisers of his Majesty on any such particular measure . He did not deny the right of the Commons to apply to the crown in any other case , in which they might think fit so to do : but he was persuaded that the motion of the hon . gent . was wholly without example . For even supposing that such a paper as that described by the hon . gent . did actually exist , as it had never been communicated to his Majesty 's ministers , he could not understand what possible reply they could advise his Majesty to make to an address from the House of Commons under such circumstances , It 565 would be in fact to open the private escrutoir of his Majesty . Repeating his admission , that the House had a perfect right to address his Majesty on any subject upon which they might think fit to