tyrannical occurrences were once suffered to obtain with impunity , there would be an end of all order and good government in our fleets . said , he knew nothing more of the transaction than that the captain , to whom he supposed the hon . baronet had alluded , was brought to a court-martial for the fact stated , had been found guilty , and sentenced by the court-martial to dismissal from the service . That sentence had since been carried into effect , and the board had it not in its power to do more . said , that he did not think his question had been answered . Was such a heinous act as the one in question to be allowed to pass with such comparative impunity ? If it was , the principle might be carried to such an extent as to affect the security of the country in its most vital point . Was it to be endured— said , that if the hon . member had any notice or motion to ground upon his statement , it would be for him then to proceed to make it , but that it was not conformable to the usages of that House to admit of the continuance of any discussion not arising out of a motion , as such must necessarily be productive of much inconvenience to the regular course of business said , that he thought the question arising out of the statement he had made of much greater importance than any , involving the temporary convenience of gentlemen . ( Cries of Chair ! chair ! ) Matter of convenience ought to 426 give way to matter of life and death , affecting the subject . If indeed they felt nothing for the lives and liberties of English seamen— said , that it was imperative upon him as long as the House would support him , to insist upon the due observance of the rules and usages that regulated their proceedings . It was contrary to the practice of that House to admit of any debate when there was no question before them , or to entertain any motion of importance without a previous notice . said , that he felt it exceedingly hard upon him to be beat down in such a manner , in the statement of what he thought a great public grievance . ( Chair ! chair ! ) The hon . baronet then said , that he would take a day or two to consider what would be the best form to bring the matter before the House , and that he would for the present content himself with that general notice rose , in pursuance of notice , to move for certain papers respecting the appointments to civil situations in the barrack department and some of the departments of the navy . He had stated on a former evening , that it was his intention thereon to found generally some propositions for bettering the situation of a large body of useful , meritorious public servants , who had suffered materially from the system of abuse which had been carried on in some of the navy departments . His object in this motion was to shew to the House , that many instances had occurred of abuses in the appointments of both departments ; and if the papers should be granted , he would pledge himself to prove his statement to be perfectly correct . Apprehensive , however , that the papers would be refused , he should feel it necessary to go into the subject at some length , in order to shew that he had not brought forward his motion without sufficient grounds . A gentleman had applied to him not long since , who had stated to him certain instances of abuses , and requested he would take some notice of the subject in the House . He had assured him , that having a place in the naval department , horn which he was obliged to retire , he was told by an officer that he was intitled to some remuneration in consequence ; and