the country suffering under the consequences of their rashness and precipitation , still the common feelings of humanity would have compelled them to come at once to that determination which every reasonable man foresaw they must ultimately adopt . One would have thought that some compassion would have touched them , for thousands of their countrymen , whose fate depended upon their will ; one would have thought that the minister , who was also general upon that expedition , would have instantly , and earnestly asked for his army , that release which had been so early granted to himself , from the further prosecution of a desperate and fatal design ; one would have thought that some one among them , would have been found to represent to a compassionate and benevolent sovereign the real magnitude of this evil , 59 to implore him to put an end to this period of disaster , and to remind him how unseemly and ill-omened a thing it would be , if of that day , for instance , on which his people were preparing to celebrate the prolongation of his life and reign , every moment might be told of the death of some of those gallant men , who might have lived to defend his empire , and to promote the honour of his crown . Sir , we have heard much of that relentless disregard to human life , which the Emperor Napoleon has displayed , in prosecuting the schemes of his ambition . But , at least , he has something to put into the opposite scale . In return for their sufferings , he is enabled to tell the people of France of battles won , of provinces conquered , and of empires founded . As to us , our population is wasted upon enterprises which fail from their own intrinsic absurdity . All our sacrifices are repaid—by disgrace . A useless dear-bought victory is the utmost advantage we ever obtain ; but our troops are , for the greater part , destroyed in a way , compared with which the fate of those who fall by the sword , may be considered as fortunate , and the death of a British soldier is embittered by the reflection , that it can contribute neither to the advantage nor to the honour of his country ; that it is at once useless and inglorious . Sir , the Expedition to the coast of Italy , which , at any other time , would have excited so much indignation and surprise , is hardly worth mentioning now , that the public mind is occupied by far greater evils . Such , indeed , have been the transactions of the last year that the account of a mere failure will form one of the least melancholy chapters of its history . It is the light of that picture of which Spain and Holland are the shades ; and we must be content to consider that enterprize as a matter of congratulation which was unattended , at least , by any great calamity , which has not filled our houses with mourning , nor wrung our hearts with affection , which has only wasted the strength and lowered the name of England , and which has done this great country no other harm than that of making its councils the laughing stock of all Europe . Sir , it is impossible to consider these things without fee ling some compassion for the people of England , doomed to suffer under such great complicated evils ; and yet I must fairly own , that this sentiment is very much weakened in my mind , when I recollect how much their own per- 60 verseness has contributed towards their ruin . I can not forget , that the authors of these calamities , are the men after their ; own heart , whom they rejoiced to see call to play their last stake , whose return to power , and the revival of whose foreign , policy they hailed as the certain omens of glory and success . They were tired of