produced the Instructions sent to that gentleman to shew that they did not warrant him in signing that Treaty . His right hon . friend also stated , at that time , that what he was then saying , was not intended as an attack upon Mr. Erskine , but that there were other documents which might be produced if that gentleman felt them necessary for his justification . Upon the whole , he was convinced that the House could not agree to the Amendment , even upon the grounds stated by a right hon . gent , opposite to him , and it would see that the Amendment did not pledge it either to enter into an inquiry , or to avoid one , nor did it pledge the House to any opinion , upon any one point , of the conduct of ministers . made some most pointed observations in reply to the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He remarked , that even by the admission of the right hon . gent. , the men whom he put into office , were only placed there because no better could be found . He also challenged any one to deny , that in whatever company he had been , high or low , the present administration was spoken of in terms of contempt . , previous to the discussion of the next day on the intended Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington , thought it of considerable importance that some information should be laid before the House , by which they might be the better enabled to form an opinion with respect to the propriety of the motion . It was necessary they should know whether the advance of lord Wellington into Spain , was the exercise of his own discretion , or the result of the instructions of ministers , and with this view he should move for the instructions sent to lord Wellington . It was also of importance they should have before them the nature of the information communicated by lord Wellington respecting the action of Talavera , there being strong reason to believe that ministers , at the time they held out that battle as a victory , knew from what was stated by lord Wellington in his dispatches , that our army must retreat ; and that the battle , said to be a victory , must be followed by all the consequences of defeat . His lordship therefore moved for the Instructions sent to lord Wellington ; for the Dispatches received from him upon his 107 marching from Placentia ; for the dispatches which he sent from Talavera after the battle ; and also for certain correspondence between Lord Wellington and the Spanish government , respecting supplies for the army . did not see the necessity of calling for any documents of the nature alluded to by the noble earl , for the purpose of discussing the motion for a vote of thanks to lord Wellington . The vote was a tribute to the bravery of the army , and the skill of the commander , and had no connexion with any enquiry into the merits of the campaign . He should therefore oppose the motion . thought it highly necessary that they should have the proposed information before them , particularly when it was doubtful whether the purpose for which the battle of Talavera was fought was gained , or rather whether it had not wholly failed . There were other documents also which he thought of importance , and for which he should afterwards move . said , he should have great satisfaction , if unfettered by his situation in that House , in paying a tribute to the merits of lord Wellington , whom he considered as an able and accomplished officer . He thought it , however , essential , that they should have the proposed information before they proceeded to the discussion of a motion of thanks for the battle of Talavera . He would put an hypothetical case ; suppose that the result of fighting a battle should be , although a victory was claimed , the