, the calamities which attended it , are , in fact , to be equalled only by the magnitude of its extensive and expensive preparation . When I charge ministers and their agents with having departed from every military principle , with having acted contrary to all acknowledged usage , particularly according to the practice of modern warfare , I feel the charge is strong ; but , if I am able to prove its justice , is it possible to find in language , terms sufficiently strong to express the reprobation which ought to attach to then character and conduct who , with such evident incapacity , could have the presumption to undertake the government of a great nation ? —When they were found to deviate from all established rules—to discard all the lessons of experience , and to take a singular and eccentric course , they might , if they happened to be successful throw a veil over their errors by their triumph and obtain a character for peculiar superiority—they might in such a case , be supposed to sour above the ordinary conceptions , by travelling with safety and success out of the ordinary track of mankind ; they might indeed be regarded as prodigies , born to enlighten and elevate the human powers . But when their eccentricity has been only demonstrative of ignorance , and productive of inevitable disgrace—when they appear mere shallow-brained projectors , they must excite the scorn and derision of every thinking man , if it were not for the extent of the mischief to which their projects have led , which serve to produce against them a mingled sentiment of indignation and contempt . It is impossible indeed to look at the total want of capacity of these men , and consider the pre-eminent station they occupy , without surprise and indignation . Of the nature of their capacity I think the Expedition to Walcheren and the manner in which it was planned and conducted , quite a sufficient evidence . That Expedition the country has long been in the habit of considering as ruinous and disgraceful . For myself , I must say , that I have been always at a loss to account for the objects of this Expedition , until ministers themselves afforded some explanation . Notwithstanding the general impression , we are now told that this Expe- 165 dition really furnished matter for gratulation—that it presented a theme of joy , because we had demolished the basin of Flushing , and did such injury to the fortress as can not be repaired in haste , and then only at considerable expence . This we had upon the authority of the minister : but we have lately heard rather a different story from an equally impartial authority . We hear it from the enemy , that the basin and fortifications of Flushing can be completely repaired without any material loss of time or extent of expence , but this statement is accompanied by the expression of a doubt , whether it would be politic in France to incur such expence or make these repairs ? Our enemies had the unparalleled insolence , thus to tell his Majesty 's ministers , that their conquests are good for nothing or profitable only to France . Is it then seriously to be maintained , that the idle flourish which the minister has thought proper in this case to introduce into the king 's Speech is a result deserving the name of success upon an Expedition which has been attended with so much waste of human life , and with the expenditure of five millions of money ? But was not the fall of Austria , under the foot of the conqueror , without an effort upon the part of this country to avert her fate , sufficient to outweigh the advantages arising from the destruction of an inferior arsenal , which the enemy did not think worth the trouble of repairing ? But as to the real objects of this Expedition , they were according to the statement of ministers twofold.—The first , in order and importance , is said to