people . But how did the right hon . gent , proceed to form even this administration ? Why , the very first application he made was to a dear friend of his , a noble lord , with whose principles he had been at war all his political life . This tender was rejected by them in a manner worthy of their dignity , and the rebuff which they gave the right hon . gent . would have daunted any man of less temerity than himself . There was not a man in the country , from the Orkneys to the Land 's End , who did not pronounce him and his administration weak , incapable , and inefficient . Even with the addition of the two colleagues who had deserted them , they were feeble , but they then stood on a principle , or rather in opposition to a principle ; but now , rejected by all who were worthy , the weak , and old , and infirm , were collected from the hedges and high-roads , and consorted with for want of better . The motley combination was duly appreciated by the people—no one respected them—they might now exclaim `` the church is in danger , '' but every one would know they meant `` my place is in danger . '' Now the time was come when it would be manifested that the people had a voice as well as the crown , and would not be imposed on by a set of adventurers who had usurped the government , supported by nothing but the favour of the crown . Threats had been held out by the runners of the government , that , as on a former occasion , a dissolution of parliament would be now resorted to . He believed in his soul government dared 92 not realize the threat ; but if they did , it would only leave them ten times as bad as they were before.—Pompous language as to the flourishing state of our revenue was however held out . But was it sound at bottom ? Was there a legitimate trade ? Was it not a system placing ( by the requisition of licenses ) the merchants under the controul of government ? Was it not rather the chicane of smugglers and pirates , than the fair , liberal , open and honest commerce of merchants ? But our Treasury was full . Aye , by the rigorous severity with which the taxes were collected . Under the system pursued , the collection of the Property-tax would soon be in the hands of government collectors . Indeed , the liberty of the subject was directly struck at by the method in which the taxes were collected . He gave it as his sincere advice : let an economical reform be instituted before the last ounce was exacted , and the country reduced to despair . Let a government be removed to which the people had refused their confidence . Let our relative situation with the enemy be well considered . Let the policy of succouring Spain be also weighed under the existing circumstances : Austria gone—the French force concentrated , and that country their only object . It was said , that we might defend Portugal with 30,000 men ; but would not Buonaparté know our force even to a drummer , and where we had 30,000 he would have 60,000. Who would struggle against such fearful odds ? Our remaining some time unmolested in that country should be no argument for our continuance there . We remained just at the will of the French Emperor , and at his option he could drive us out of it.—But what could be expected from such a ministry , or rather from a single man , for the Chancellor of the Exchequer was now alone—alone , after sounding his ineffectual war-whoop—alone , after fully exposing his weakness , and shewing it exceeded only by his rashness . The marquis Wellesley , of whom such account had been made , he considered completely insignificant.—Who was he ? The governor of India—the