and the pension now proposed . He must , however , observe , that the charges against members of that House for acting with the spirit of party , came with a very ill grace from so young a member as the noble lord , and more particularly when it was considered that he had begun his political career by accepting a place from ministers , and consequently binding himself to their party and politics . Upon the subject of party in general , he agreed in the opinion which had 459 been delivered by the hon . bart . ( sir F. Burdett , ) that it was right to act in concert with other men , for the attainment of any great public principles and objects ; but at the same time that , in that sense of the word , he was content to be called a party man , yet when his duty obliged him to draw the line , he could detach himself from those with whom he was in general proud to concur . Another hon . gent . ( Mr. Robinson , ) had laid before the House the map of India and of Europe , and had led them from the north to the south , to witness the many achievements of the noble lord . He should , however , beg leave to bring them back again to the precise ground on which the Chancellor of the Exchequer had chosen to take his stand , and that was the battle of Talavera itself . Independent of the question , respecting the merits upon that occasion , there was another very important consideration , and that was , whether even supposing the peerage merited , the circumstances of lord Wellington were such as to require this pension ? If they were not , it would be a scandalous profusion and waste of the public money . It was the peerage and not the pension , which was supposed to be given as the reward of military merit . It did net necessarily follow , however , that whenever his Majesty was advised to grant a peerage to any officer , the House of Commons was also bound to vote him a pension . As he had happened to touch upon the honour of the peerage , he would ask the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , did he not know that the peerage had been very much prostituted and degraded of late years ? Did he not know that it had been offered to barter for support to ministers ? Had not he himself lately offered the highest honours of it for the support of a man ( lord Melville ) whom he could not introduce into office ? On this present occasion , ministers had conferred a double peerage on lord Wellington ; and yet the immortal Nelson , for the battle of Aboukir , was only created a baron . He believed every one would allow , that the battle of Aboukir was much more glorious and decisive than that at Talavera ; and if the former services of lord Wellington were to be thrown into the scale , he would ask , had not lord Nelson also performed great services , before he had been selected by his merit to command on that occasion ? Was he any more an adventurer for reputation at that time than lord Wellington 460 at Talavera ? Had not he also achieved splendid exploits ? Was not his shoulder , at that time , adorned with the red ribbon , and was not his body mutilated by honourable wounds received in his country 's battles ? Although the House could not controul the granting of peerages , still they were bound to controul the expenditure of the public money . In the case of earl St. Vincent , the pension was not given for a considerable time after the peerage ; nor until it was ascertained that the circumstances of that noble lord were such as to require it . As to the situation of lord Wellington , there was