that every means should be adopted to enable Great Britain to maintain the contest for that period , if necessary , and thus to preserve and secure her independence at all times against the machinations of our most inveterate and active enemy . said he was little disposed to concur in all the reasoning of the hon . gent , who spoke last . He agreed however , in many of his suggestions for economising the expenditure in this most important and extensive department of the state . But the great objection he had to some gentlemen 's ideas of reform , was , that they were too narrow and confined to give to the country any substantial benefit . Certainly no man more than himself agreed in the necessity there existed of husbanding our resources , in order that the means of the country might suffice for the ends to be gained . This was an opinion he had ever unalterably entertained , and he would be the first to adopt any system of effectual economy , caring little by whom it should be brought forward . But he never would agree that the expenses of an individual family , afforded any parallel for the expenditure of a country . In the former case , the master of a family might curtail the luxurious extravagancies of his mode of living , and confine his expenses at any time within his means , without injuring the vital com- 621 forts of his family . But it almost invariably happened in the case of a state , that it would be utterly impossible to curtail its expenditure in a period of emergency without endangering its very existence . There were nevertheless several smaller items , adverted to by the hon . gent . The estimates before the committee certainly afforded much room for deduction ; and he perfectly concurred in the improvements recommend by the hon . gent . who , by the by , he must say , came a day too late to the fair . The most prominent of these objectionable estimates , he agreed with the hon . gent . was that of the Manx fencibles . The Isle of Man , however barren in other productions , was very fertile in jobs—indeed it seemed to be one whole job . Where , he would ask , was the necessity for such a corps ? The Island was already sufficiently protected by our navy , and by its own inaccessible coasts , upon which it might with confidence rely against the attempts of an invading enemy ; if , indeed , the French could discover any thing in the island worth the risk or trouble of an invasion . Now , upon the subject of the waggon train he had no objection to the hon . gent . 's observations , because one of the first achievements proposed by himself When he had the honour of holding the situation of the noble lord , was an attack upon the waggon train ; and if he did not succeed in destroying it , he certainly flattered himself that he should overcome it in another onset , if the hon . gent . had only given him and his colleagues time to bring up his forces . There was another head of expenditure also to which he was surprised the hon . gent . did not object ; he alluded to the local militia . He was ready to admit there were amongst that body as good men , and as meritorious officers , in other senses , as well as in the city sense of the word ; but still , seeing as he did no real utility in the establishment itself , he could see no justification for the expence . The staff and cavalry ought , in his opinion , also to be reduced very considerably . With respect to the latter , he was fortified by the authority of the late illustrious generals lord Cornwallis and sir R. Abercrombie , in the opinion that great reduction might be made in the cavalry , without any