believe , that it would have tempted Buonaparté to direct any portion of his army from the accomplishment of the great object then before him . That it would have induced him to have recalled a single regiment from beyond the Pyrenees ? If there was an individual who thought it would , he had not acquired that opinion of Buonaparté 's military genius which seventeen years of war might have taught him ; so that , had the Expedition even succeeded , he was not aware of what material advantage could be expected from it operating as a diversion . And did all this furnish no ground for the allegations contained in the Amendment ? But still it was contended , that they should first inquire , that all definitive judgment should be suspended , till the result of deliberate inquiry was fairly before them ; what was intended by all this ? was it meant that they were to begin by taking these things as problematical , which were 71 universally known , established and acknowledged ? Was it meant that they were gravely to proceed , to inquire whether the climate of Walcheren was , or was not unhealthy ? Whether the season at which the British army made its descent upon that island was , or was not unfavourable ? Was it meant that they ought now to stop , to inquire whether ministers were , or were not wholly ignorant of the climate and circumstances of an island within twenty hours sail of England ? And was that House to pause scrupulously balancing the comparative extent of that ignorance ; whether they did not know what they should have fully known , or whether they were not as ignorant of the nature of the place as of the interior parts of Africa , or those of China . Was that what was meant ? And were they thus to amuse one another , and insult an injured country by calling for inquiry into the truth of facts , as notorious as they are scandalous ? Were they to inquire who was selected to take the command of the greatest Expedition that ever left the shores of England ? Was that another of the notorieties of which it is so necessary to ascertain the truth ? But who was this commander ? A general wise from long experience , and illustrious from the splendour of many victories ? Covered with well-earned laurels , the military pride of his country ; exciting her most sanguine hopes , and commanding her most implicit confidence ? Was this the man appointed to lead her armies into battle ? No ; but the flower of her forces was committed in an evil hour to the guidance of that inauspicious and ill-omened officer , of whom we know nothing more , than that he was once at the head of the Admiralty . And such was his lazy discharge of the duties of that department , that though his near relative was die minister , he had not the courage to suffer the functions of the state to sleep beneath the indolence of even his own brother . Was there a man in England who did not know this ? But , no matter , we must inquire nevertheless.—One of the avowed objects of this ill-fated expedition was to make a diversion in favour of Austria . Was there a man in that House who did not know that the armistice between France and Austria had taken place before even the first part of our expedition sailed ; ministers were themselves aware of it ; they hesitated it is said , perhaps so ; but still the expedition was permitted to sail . All serious 72 hopes of any effectual diversion must , at least , at that period , have been given up . But how had this or any other object been followed up ? Flushing fell the 15th of August ; on the 16th of September lord Chatham returned , and on the 18th , two days after , his lordship issued a proclamation ; for what purpose