their bar , and which they had as often rejected , and hoped , notwithstanding what had been done hitherto , that it was not intended to substitute for this measure a mere bill for the purpose of suspending for a limited period the exercise of the prerogative in this respect ; a bill which , if passed , was equally an attack on the royal 589 prerogative . The House of Commons had shewn itself so persevering and determined in the prosecution of the measure , that they had resorted to an unusual mode ; that of inspecting their lordships ' journals to search for precedents for the purpose of discovering means of reconciling their lordships to the adoption of the measure . Then they proceeded to the bill of suspension . It would seem like a sort of political obstinacy to refuse now to enter fully into the merits of the question , or even to pass the bill , against the passing of which he had not yet heard a single solid objection . The other house had so far proceeded in the business , that no compromise could possibly be of any utility . If the bill was a fit bill , if it was advantageous to the interests of the community , let it be passed , if not , let it be opposed openly and directly , and let it be rejected on broad grounds and in a manly manner . The noble earl then briefly and pointedly adverted to the cases mentioned on a former occasion , of the bill for the limitation of the Peerage , and Mr. Burke 's bill of Reform , and shewed that whatever was deduced from the circumstances attending these bills , could not bear against the present bill , which his lordship contended was not an attack on the prerogative of the crown , though it did , he admitted to a certain degree , limit its exercise . That limitation , notwithstanding , was one which did not really take away from the just prerogatives of the Sovereign . Still , entertaining as he did , the highest value and veneration for these prerogatives , it must be recollected that parliament also had its privileges and rights . But he could not permit the supposition , that under the reign of a patriot king , such as we had the happiness of acknowledging , parliament should hesitate far a moment in doing that which was advantageous to the king , and advantageous to his Majesty 's subjects . With respect to the interests of the crown , which it was said were involved in this question , he found widely different opinions were entertained . In cases , such as occurred in inclosure bills and other matters in which the crown had a proprietary interest , the consent of the crown during the progress of the bill was deemed necessary : but this was purely a constitutional question , and not one which affected the property of the crown . Much had been said respecting the influence of the crown , the increase of which his lordship thought was abundantly apparent , and 590 in proof of that referred to the celebrated vote of the House of Commons , by which the House declared that the influence of the crown had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished . But let noble lords only look at the vast augmentation of the naval and military forces of the country , and at the immense extent and complication of the revenue , and say whether the patronage and influence of the crown had not been greatly increased . What but that influence could in any way enable such an administration as the present to retain their situations in the existing circumstances of public affairs ? He thought the public must feel , that there was something odious in the manner in which the bill had been resisted . Though this was not an occasion to discuss the merits of sinecure offices ; yet he would say that rewards should be given only to those