, or the worthlessness on which they were to be thrown away . In this case there was no apparent service to be traced which was worthy of their thanks . He would vote for the Minutes , but in his vote he begged to be understood , as merely calling for matter to enable him to shape his opinion . He could mean no slight to lord Gambier . He respected his lordship 's character . He had some opportunities of hearing him spoken of , and it was always in a high strain of praise and estimation . But he had never understood that lord Gambier took any share of the merit of the achievement to himself . He had not approached the French fleet nearer than seven miles . Ministers had praised lord Gambier for his discretion : he hoped they had not intended this as an instance in their enumeration of its proofs . It became the House to be cautious of being prodigal of the honours which were entrusted to their distribution . The noble lord near him ( lord Cochrane ) ought to be heard ; his judgment and character , his signal gallantry and signal honours , deserved the serious attention of the House . Even his feelings , led , as they were perhaps , astray by an excess of strength and sensibility , deserved all the attention which could be paid to them . felt himself called on to explain his former opinion . He had reminded the House of a precedent for the revision of courts martial ; but in stating this fact he merely wished to bring a new authority in support of the privileges of that assembly . He conceived that the sentence of a naval court was not in the full sense of the word , definitive . In the military law , an appeal lay from a court martial to his Majesty 's courts at Westminster : he concluded that there must be found a similar check on a court of naval officers . In voting for the motion he pledged himself to nothing ; he had not yet found materials for his opinion , and he was satisfied to pause till he had found them . in pursuance of his notice , rose to propose a Vote of Thanks to lord Gambier for his eminent services in destroying the French fleet in the Basque roads . In doing this he conceived it would be unnecessary for him to take up much of the time of the House in detailing the services which the noble lord had performed , as from the nature of the debate just concluded , they were in possession of every information they could desire . He might fairly anticipate that the House having judged it inexpedient to produce the Minutes of the court martial , would not be anxious to listen to any arguments in support of the motion which he was about to submit . It had , however , been stated by some gentlemen , that the nature of the service was not such as to justify the House to vote its thanks to the noble lord . But when the nature of that service was known and considered , it was impossible that the House could come to any other conclusion than a Vote of Thanks . The conduct of lord Gambier on that occasion was so eminent that even those who were most disposed to object to thanks being voted on ordinary occasions , and who grounded themselves on precedent , would not find any for withholding them from commanders in chief when with the force placed under them they achieved any great service . The Sentence even of the court-martial was itself a proof that the service was performed in such a manner as to deserve thanks ; he had not merely superintended the enterprise , but had , as the Sentence affirmed , conducted it with a proper regard to the interest of the state , and with peculiar zeal for the good of the service . The execution of the service deserved , therefore