that it is not enough that men should be attached to the cause they are to defend , but disciplined , steady , and obedient to command , having skilful officers ; able to execute the commands they receive , and capable of judging what commands to give , and at the same time fit to be trusted . Why send out expeditions to meet the same failures and suffer the same losses , leaving no monuments to their country but those which are calculated to excite a just indignation ? —a deep and unavailing regret ? We are told , my lords , in the Speech of the King 's Commissioners , that the expedition to Walcheren was undertaken with the view of making a diversion in favour of Austria . The absurdity of attempting to make a diversion in Walcheren instead of the North of Germany , where the great pressure of the war existed , is too manifest to admit of a doubt or require an argument . An immense expence was incurred , no less than 38 ships of the line were employed , more than 100 frigates , and an immense number of transports . It was known to ministers , in September 1808 , that a war was likely to take place between Austria and France ; yet this immense armament to the Scheldt , which was to operate the so much-boasted diversion in favour of Austria , did not sail till the latter end of July . Before it sailed the Armistice was signed which led to the fatal Treaty that prostrated the Austrian monarchy ; not only this event had taken place , but intelligence of the signature of that Armistice had actually arrived in this country . And thus , when all prospect of operating a diversion in favour of Austria had failed , the Expedition sailed from our shores , and the destruction of a few ships , and the plunder of the docks of the enemy , were to be substituted for the object so much boasted of—that of making a diversion in favour of Austria . Your ally , vanquished and subdued , had accepted the law from the conqueror , and then your tardy army left 18 your shores . Can this need a comment ? Is it possible , knowing these facts , to refer to future inquiry the merits of his Majesty 's ministers ? Why , it would be a mockery of all justice ; you would insult your country , you would degrade yourselves . Shall I be told that it was a great armament ; that it was delayed by necessity ; that , like every naval force , it depended on the winds , and the transports being in readiness ? Why all this is not new to you . If you want to land 40,000 men in the neighbourhood of the Scheldt , it is necessary to have transports to convey them ; but if , by events which you could not controul , it was impossible to send this armament sooner , w by send it at all ? The Expedition sailed for this reason only—because his Majesty 's ministers were afraid to avow , that after all the expence which had been incurred , it had not actually sailed till its object was defeated , and success was impossible . It was once said by the Dey of Algiers , when an English fleet threatened to bombard the town , that if they would give him half the cost of the bombs he would burn the town himself ; and Buonaparté might have said , that if we would give him half the sum which our expedition had cost , he would give the ships we wished to destroy . But , my lords , besides incurring an immense expence to achieve an object of comparatively trifling value , a still more serious objection exists to this expedition . We have been charged upon the continent with sacrificing the interests of our allies to expeditions , the only objects of which were to burn a few ships ,