troops . In a similar manner an attack was directed against other parts of the line , and universally failed ; the enemy were routed with the loss of nearly 10,000 men , and obliged to retire from the scene of action and seek security in flight . Could any action be more decisive ? Could any be more glorious to the British arms , when you take into consideration the inequality of numbers ? This victory , my lords , was attended with unerring proofs of its brilliant and decisive nature . Twenty pieces of artillery and four standards were the trophies of the triumph of the British general and army . In whatever light it can be viewed this action must be considered eminently intitled to the thanks of your lordships , and the gratitude of the nation . It arrested the progress of the enemy ; it was remarkable for the military skill displayed in it throughout ; it was maintained in a manner no less conspicuous for tactical arrangement , than for the characteristic energy of the general and the pre-eminent valour of the troops ; and being achieved against such an immense disparity of numbers , shed a new lustre upon the long established reputation of British soldiers . Though the army was afterwards , by the 134 same policy that led to its advance directed to retreat , that retreat was not owing to any want of skill or foresight . When the French army was reinforced by another body of 36,000 men , who , from other quarters , had been marched to their aid , it was prudent , on the part of lord Wellington , to retreat , and reserve his strength for a more favourable opportunity of making a successful struggle in the cause of Spanish liberty . For , certainly , my lords , a brilliant success may be gained over an enemy , and motives of military prudence may afterwards direct a retreat , if that enemy be strongly reinforced . It can not with any fairness be for a moment contended , that when in a contest between two bodies of men or two individuals , a great and splendid triumph has been gained on the one side , the arrival of a fresh force on the other is to be considered as destroying the merit or rendering doubtful the victory which had been previously acquired . I am ready to allow , that a proposal of this nature is one of the greatest importance ; but when such a motion is submitted to the consideration of Parliament , it ought to be considered on the other hand that any light objection to it may be attended with serious results.—My lords ; I would impress upon your minds , that it is of the last importance that such victories as that of Talavera should be rewarded by every tribute of honour and praise this House can bestow . If we refuse to reward the valiant deeds of our army , by every approbation we can bestow , we take from them every incitement to valour ; we deprive them of those laurels which constitute the soldier 's honour and his fame ; which he thirsts after , not only for himself , but , because he knows they will be handed down with derivative value to his descendants . It is for this that he devotes his life to his country 's good ; and if you refuse such a tribute to the transcendent merits of the survivors and the glorious memory of the slain , you will act unjustly to the army , and disrespectfully to the devotion of those who are dead . In the existing state of the continent of Europe , it becomes us more especially to consider the interest , to animate the courage , and to reward the services , of our army . France was , under the old government , a great military power ; but we see her a still more formidable one in the present day . Under the monarchy , not only the military , but