will always be revered as one of the ablest men this country ever saw . After this abortive enterprise , another , equally foolish , equally unsuccesful , and no less ruinous , was carried into execution ; another general was sent with troops into the heart of the peninsula , under similar circumstances ; and the glorious victory alluded to was purchased with the useless expenditure of our best blood and treasure . But what shall I say , my lords , when I come to mention the expedition to Walcheren . Why , I think it almost useless to say one word on the subject . It was ill advised ; ill planned ; even partial success in it was doubtful ; and the ultimate object of it impracticable . It is high time that parliament should adopt strong measures , or else the voice of the country will resound like thunder in their ears . Any body may be a minister in these days . Ministers may flow from any corrupted source ; they pop in , and they pop out like the man and woman in a peasant 's barometer ; they rise up like tadpoles ; they may be compared to wasps , to hornets , to locusts ; they send forth their pestilential breath over the whole country , and nip and destroy every fair flower in the land . The conduct of his majesty 's government has led to the most frightful disasters , which are no were exceeded in the annals of history . The country is in that state which makes peace inevitable ; it will be compelled to make peace , however disadvantageous , because it will be unable to maintain a war , so shamefully misconducted and so disasterous in its consequences.—The noble earl , after shewing the injuries which must eventually befal the shipping interest , in case of a peace , when almost every ship in the river would have a broom fixed on the top of the mast , concluded by submitting a question to the First Lord of the Admiralty , whether it was in contemplation to make a dock for the future reception of our ships at Northfleet , which he recommended as a judicious measure ? doubted how far it was re- 9 gular to answer a question asked under the circumstances of a pending discussion upon another subject , but had no objection to state that the object alluded to had not escaped the attention of the board of Admiralty ; whether the plan would be carried into execution he could not at present with any certainty say , as a variety of considerations appertaining to the subject must necessarily come under previous consideration and discussion . said a few words expressive of his intention to call the attention of the House at some future period to certain parts of the Reports of the Board of Naval Revision . rose and said : My lords , I readily gave way to the noble earl ( St. Vincent ) ; for who could be better entitled to the attention of your lordships than one who has so largely contributed to the glory , and participated in the splendid triumphs of the country . My lords , I would readily also have given way to any noble lord younger and more active than myself , who would have taken upon him the task of pointing out the distressing and perilous state of the country , the errors of those , to whom the lamentable situation of our affairs is to be attributed , and those remedies which can alone be effectual for the evils by which we are now so sorely oppressed . I am , however , anxious to address your lordships thus early , for the purpose of moving such an amendment as I conceive necessary at the present crisis , that I may anticipate any casual and irrelevant observation , by which the discussion of this night might have been drawn out of that course which I think ought to be adhered to , upon the present occasion . We are