consequence of the letter written by sir R. Strachan on the 27th of August last . What then , lord Chatham had so long fostered his anger ! —Although the letter of sir R. Strachan contained such statements as demanded inquiry ; although it communicated such information as would have prompted any minister 's attention immediately to inquire , lord Chatham was as still and silent as the minister ; but yet he nursed his wrath , and kept it warm until sir R. Strachan had been examined at the bar of that House , until he had delivered his testimony , he would say , like a candid and gallant man ; then , and not till then , came that paper from lord Chatham , which was so heart-breaking to the navy , not because they deserved the reflections it contained , no , but because , after cooperating with all the zeal in their power , they found the colleague with whom they had acted , by whom their services had been applauded in all his public dispatches , had clandestinely put a paper into the King 's hand , containing a direct depreciation of their exertions , and an attack upon their character , attempting to poison the royal mind against them . If after the exposure that had since taken place , the navy did not now writhe under this paper , he thought he knew those who did . The detection was calculated to make some men wince . What did the noble lord say upon his examination at the bar as to this paper ? Why , `` that he delivered it to his Majesty at the levee . '' Did he see any of the ministers there ? yes—spoke to some of his colleagues about the paper , but did not notice lord Mulgrave ; could not say that he was there . '' Such was the noble lord 's account . Well ; what followed ? Why , at a very late hour of the night , lord Mulgrave 585 wrote to sir R. Strachan , stating that lord Chatham had presented a Narrative of his proceedings on the Expedition to his Majesty , but of what nature was not described , and calling upon Sir Richard in like manner to present another . And here he could not help repeating an old anecdote to the House . He did not pretend to have any talent for humour—no , not even for that lowest species of humour , a pun . But there was a pun which occurred to his memory , and which , he thought , might be not inappropriately quoted upon this occasion . Perhaps the story was familiar to many , who heard him , of the lawyer at a coffee-room , maintaining very eagerly , that there was no distinction between the words also and likewise , when a wag denied his assertion , addressing him thus : `` Mr. Dunning is a lawyer , sir , and you also , but not likewise '' —So with regard to the application to sir R. Strachan on the occasion alluded to . Lord Chatham had presented his Narrative , and sir R. Strachan might present a Narrative also , but not in like manner . No ; Sir R. Strachan 's Narrative was to be put into the hands of lord Mulgrave . What , he would ask , could any man say in defence of such conduct ? A right hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Dundas ) had observed , that he thought it unnecessary to re-state the arguments urged on his side of the House . But where could he find arguments to re-state . In fact , if the right hon . gent . was appointed to collect arguments on his side of the House , he would enjoy a perfect sinecure—which , by the by , was a kind of office to which the right hon . gent. , his friends , or his countrymen , were not generally supposed to entertain a very strong objection . But were there no