of the bill , on the ground of its being likely to affect the royal prerogative . With regard to economy , and its tending materially to lighten the burthens of the people , he always stated that he could not see any of those great advantages which its supporters , and a considerable part of the public , expected from it ; but , with respect to the royal prerogative , he had always stated , that he thought its tendency was rather to increase than diminish it . He did , however , always consider , and still thought , that very exaggerated notions of the advantages , of this bill had gone abroad ; and that many persons had been deluded into an opinion that the public burdens would be sensibly diminished by its operation . That it could 257 produce any important effects in lessening the public burthens he always denied ; but at the same time he allowed that the restricting , for a time , the power of granting offices in reversion , might be of advantage , in allowing the House time to consider which , or whether any of those places ought to be abolished or reformed . This was , as he conceived , the great object of the bill in point of economy , and might be obtained by a temporary bill . He thought therefore that a temporary bill was the most proper , as the subject of reversions was still under the consideration of the Committee ; and he conceived that it was the report of that Committee alone which would give sufficient materials to to the House to decide permanently what ought to be done on the subject . As long as it should be under investigation before that Committee , he thought that it would be the best way to pass temporary bills of restriction , and to come to a final judgment after the report should be given in . If , therefore , the House would keep this prerogative in a state of suspense during the time that the subject was under enquiry , they would keep the power of abolishing or reforming such offices as ought to be abolished or reformed fully as much as if they were to make the bill perpetual . If they proceeded to alter the prerogative of the crown in any respect , there should , at least , be sufficient reasons stated for such an alteration . When the Report of the Finance Committee was upon the table , the House would then have before it the grounds of judging whether such alteration was necessary . There was a recent instance to which the attention of the public had lately been drawn , and which shewed how precipitately they might take up a wrong opinion . He alluded to an office which had lately become vacant , and wherein the public might have suffered great inconvenience if there had not been somebody immediately to put in the place of the officer who had resigned . These considerations had always induced him to consent to temporary bills for restricting the prerogative . As to economy and the prospect of alleviating the burden on the public , it was exactly the same thing to them , whether the office was held by the man who had got it in possession or reversion . The same sum of money was paid in either case . He was , however , ready to agree that there were many offices which might in future be reformed or abolished ; but still as he 258 never understood it to be the intention of the supporters of the bill to interfere with the vested rights of any individual , he thought it could be of little importance to their object , whether the same effect was produced by a temporary bill or by a perpetual bill . He concluded by moving an Amendment to the motion , that the following words should be substituted for the original : `` A Bill for continuing and extending the said Act for a time to be limited