of Soult , which had been defeated by lord Wellington , afterwards appeared more formidable than ever , being 50,000 strong . He believed the noble lord gained his information on that subject from the Moniteur , a paper which he seemed to have perused with great attention . He had , however , to state , that the army which had appeared at Placentia was not that that had been defeated by lord Wellington . Soult 's force , it was well known , had Consisted of two divisions of the French army distinct from his own ; Soult was a senior commander , and was consequently placed at the head of that force commanded by Ney and Mortier.—Some of the facts stated by the noble lord however , were at variance with those advanced by the hon . gent . who had given him his support . He did not ask the House to give credence either to the one or to the other , as he thought both equally unworthy their belief . Nor was he more anxious that they should give credit to himself implicitly . He only wished them to wait till they had an opportunity of inspecting the documents which were to be laid before them , and which would supply irrefragable evidence upon the subject . Had the noble lord confined himself to Walcheren , as he at first intended , he might have saved himself the trouble of making so long a speech , and ii shorter answer would then have been necessary . He had complained of many circumstances connected with the Expedition , of the delay before it sailed , and the time which elapsed before the evacuation of Walcheren , & c. Might not those circumstances be satisfactorily explained by the papers which were to be produced ? The whole of the noble lord 's arguments were founded upon details which he could not possibly be yet fully acquainted with . Did the noble lord mean to say that the papers when produced would not shew that the measures he condemned were justifiable ? For himself he should not even contend that no inquiry should take place , but that before the House should come to 180 any determination on the subject , they should at least know what it was they were to inquire into . After thanking his Majesty for the information he had been pleased to promise them , would it be consistent with their dignity , or respectful to their sovereign , to pledge themselves to institute an inquiry before the promised information was received ? He did not say the promised documents ought not to be inspected or an inquiry instituted upon them ; but it might be that the criminality , if criminality there should be attached to those concerned in the late Expedition , would fall on persons , who could not with propriety be examined upon an inquiry at their bar . If , for instance , the fault should appear to rest on the general officers , would the members of that House form themselves into a court-martial , or would they send those officers to answer for their conduct before a proper tribunal ? Why should the House pledge itself to go into such an inquiry ? It was inconvenient , and not only was it inconvenient , but was absolutely injurious to the public service and destructive of public justice . He never knew such an inquiry prove satisfactory— ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) By gentlemen 's cheering he supposed he was to understand that they admitted that to be a fact . If so , it was odd that they should be so anxious for a mode of inquiry , which they appeared so much to deprecate . The noble lord had in no small degree weakened his own arguments ( if he did not compliment him too much in calling what had fallen from him arguments , ) as , after speaking for an hour and a half , after exhausting every term of reproach that it was in his power to bestow