, that , if they had any thing to suggest with regard to the other parts of the Address , they had not stated it in the Amendment , for certainly in their speeches they had alluded to the campaign in Spain and Portugal , as well as to the Expedition to the Scheldt , though no part of the Amendment applied to that campaign . But he really believed that the gentlemen on the other side who had spoken , were not aware of any intention to propose any further Amendment , if it really existed , for if they had they would in candour have aunounced that intention.—Amongst the many questions which had been put to him there was one to which , entering fully into the feeling which had been so eloquently expressed by his right hon . friend below him ( Mr. Canning ) he wished to say as little as possible now , or at any other time . Upon that subject , therefore , he should only state thus much , that with regard to the transactions to which the hon . gent , had alluded , he could assure him and the House , that he was entirely ignorant of their existence until the close of the sessions of parliament , and when he did know of them , he certainly did conceive , whatever might be the motive which induced his right hon . friend , to wish for the removal of his noble friend from the department confided to him , that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) could not be a party in them , more especially as an expedition of great importance was at that time in great forwardness , with which the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was intimately connected . All that he had done on that occasion , arose from an anxious desire to preserve to the country the services of both the individuals alluded to . Feeling as he did the utmost admiration of the splendid talents and eloquence of his right 95 hon . friend ( Mr. Canning , ) and thinking most highly of the abilities of his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh , ) he certainly felt himself bound both by inclination and duty to do every thing that it was in his power to do to retain both of them in the service of their country . This was his only object , never having partaken in any opinion of the inability of his noble friend , but thinking that he was as able , as useful , and as efficient a minister as the office which he filled ever possessed . Having said thus much upon this delicate subject , he should not go any further into the question . The hon . gent , had next put to him some questions respecting the situation which he had the honour to hold in his Majesty 's councils , to which questions he begged to answer in the most explicit and distinct manner : that situation was not in any manner an object of his own desire ; on the contrary , if his wishes could have been realized , another person would now have held the office of First Lord of the Treasury . After the resignation of the noble duke lately at the head of the administration , his Majesty had directed him and a noble friend of his , to make an application to two noble lords , for the purpose of forming an extended administration.—This command his noble , friend and he obeyed , and , upon a foundation such as this , it was , that the hon . gent , had accused him of having hawked about the offices of government.— [ Here Mr. Whitbread said , across the table , `` No , no . `` ] —The Chancellor of the Exchequer continued , and observed , that that was what he understood the hon . gent , to say , and the whole tenor of his argument proved , according to his conception of it , that that was what he