disrepute , to render them ridiculous , and to make those who proposed them , pass for extravagant and visionary speculators . But when the hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) came forward with suggestions of economical reform , he was entitled to greater respect . No one could suspect him of making inconsiderate and ill-digested propositions . For himself , he could not , entertaining , as he did , the highest opinion of the talents of that hon . gent . and his perfect acquaintance with every branch of the public expenditure , he considered his secession from the administration as by far the greatest loss it had sustained . A successor indeed ( Mr. Wharton ) had been found , but the House could already judge of the difference between them . The place , no doubt was filled , but it was not supplied . That a great saving , however , could be effected , they had the assurance of the hon . gent . in the late debate . His speech on that occasion was a counterpart of that of his hon . friend last session ( Mr. Wardle ) and the most complete answer that could be given to the reply which he then made , and which reply was published as a pamphlet.—But , whatever the saving might be , or to what extent it might be carried , it was impossible it could have much effect , constituted as the government now was—a government made up of jarring and discordant parts subject to no superior controul . The first lord of the treasury had no controul over the admiralty , and yet they were called on by him to vote money for the use of the admiralty . The first lord of the treasury had no controul over the ordnance , 668 for the master general of the ordnance denied his authority . The first lord of the treasury had no command over the army at all , for that was exclusively in the commander in chief . Was this the way in which things were to be carried on ? Independent departments all pulling different ways , but all drawing on the first -lord of the treasury , without estimate , plan , or calculation of any sort ! Nothing could more fully prove the mischief and confusion likely to arise from this system , than the speech of one of the right hon . gent . 's former colleagues . The necessity of a great and comprehensive system of national economy was becoming more evident every day . If they did not curtail , they could not go on long , said the hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) on the floor , and so should he say too . But he had been frequently himself reminded of the imprudence of any disclosures respecting the weakness or probable exhaustion of our finances . He was told that his speeches would go to America , and that they would encourage that country to exact greater terms , than she otherwise might . It was said they might go to France and encourage that power to insist on higher conditions than she might have been disposed to accept . Buonaparté , it was said , was directing the whole of his attention to the ruin of our finances ; and would , he had been asked , he be the first to assure him , that his plan must prove ultimately successful ? He did not suppose he would believe him if he did . He would perhaps rather consider him as a person , who wanted to get a place , and who would stick at no assertion that might contribute to turn the person out of it , by whom it was occupied . But when this avowal came from a person who had been a member of administration , it would have a hundred times the weight . What would the Moniteur say when it was avowed that the chief , if not only vectigal of England , was parsimonia ? When the same