. Distillation we will have , revenue from it you may give up . An hon . bart . seems by his gestures to understand me as avowing a combination between my right hon . relation and the private distilleries to defeat the distillation of sugar , I beg not to be so misunderstood ; it is in vain for gentlemen connected with the West Indies to affect to consider the abundance of 550 illicit distillation in Ireland as proceeding from the remissness with which the laws for its punishment are enforced . We have evidence enough on our table both of the abundance of the offence and of the severity of its punishment . You have , I believe , about 13 stills in England , we have , in spite of the prohibition , just as many hundreds in the single barony of Newishaven . I should rather say we had , for 1,300 was their number previous to the prohibition of their licensed competitors , how many there are at present , I dare not attempt to calculate . Now as to the means taken to suppress them ; It is equally in evidence upon the table , that this barony was invaded on all sides by regular columns of the army , his Majesty 's cruisers co-operating by sea , and that the seizure of above 100 stills in one day was the fruit of the combined operation ; and we see the gentleman who commanded these invading forces , and who united in his own person the triple character of the soldier , the magistrate , and the exciseman , at once the informer , the judge , and the executioner , glorying in the desperate wounds which he had received in such campaigns . But is this a manner in which this House can desire or can endure that the British constitution should be administered to their Irish fellow subjects ? Sir , it is so administered no longer ; but even under such a system , let me observe , that the distilleries of Newishaven continued their operations , and even now that this violence is discontinued , there are papers on your table of which , even before the close of this week , the House will hear as much as it can desire , complaining of the rigour and severity with which the distillery laws are enforced . Sir , the truth is , that they are now executed with as much energy as consists with not totally abandoning every idea and every semblance of a free constitution , and it is in my mind one of the most odious features of the prohibition that converting every iron pot into a coining instrument , and overwhelming the peasant with temptation , it secures the infraction of the law , and the consequent punishment and dissatisfaction of the subject . Another view remains of this matter ; we are told it is a relief to the West Indies ; Sir , there is no one more sensible than I am of the difficulties imposed on the gentlemen connected with these islands . I know that there is in no other part of our dominions so large a 551 capital producing so low an interest ; no where so small a private income , producing so great a public revenue . And I would go as far as any member in this House , to consider Great Britain and Ireland and all their dependencies , as one integral whole standing united against the united world ; and if the circumstances of war inflict a pressure in one part , which any others can alleviate by bearing a portion of the weight , I think it is but fair that we should assist each other , and I would even not wish to weigh in golden scales the amount which Ireland might be called on to sustain ; but still there must be some limit in the apportionment , something like fairness in the proportion of the weight to be imposed , and the burden to be taken off . And when I see