to their interests , he had after the last session of Parliament proposed that a person should be appointed for that purpose . He did not wish that a place should be created , 474 but a gentleman who had made the business his study having written to him , and having been very respectably recommended , particularly by two hon . gentlemen on the opposite side of the House , he had accepted that gentleman 's services , and he was now going through the cases in the most satisfactory manner . With respect to the seamen , he ( Mr. Rose ) had completely succeeded in getting justice secured to them . Since the Act of the last session only one complaint had been made to him by a sailor of his having been cheated by his agent . A suit was in consequence instituted against the agent , and out of the penalty the sailor had got his money . In the investigation of the cases to which he alluded , although there were many exceptionable charges , the law charges were lower than those of the Proctors employed by privateers . He had read a pamphlet on the subject of the noble lord 's speech , and he declared , that after making all possible inquiry , he was satisfied that not a single statement in that pamphlet was founded in truth . He regretted that the noble lord , instead of making a desultory complaint of abuse , had not put his finger on a single case where he would have found him ( Mr. R. ) as ready as himself to bring it under the consideration of the House . rose to enter his protest against the speech of the noble lord . He would ask of the House whether it was proper , upon a mere motion for papers , to enter into a wide and unrestricted animadversion upon public characters , as if they were actually under an impeachment , without the regular institution of any charge against them , or any evidence which the accuser himself had taken the trouble to examine . If the noble lord was desirous of preferring a charge against the Court of Admiralty , he should have first maturely considered the nature of the allegation he was about to make , and of the information he should ask for , in order to elucidate the facts he had to urge . The papers for which the noble lord moved , would contain more matter than the whole Report of the Committee of Inquiry on the Scheldt Expedition ; and while these immense piles of information remained unread , the characters of public men might labour under the effects of this unprecedented attack . If he understood the noble lord right , he did not mean to pledge himself that the papers for which he had moved , would at all 475 bear him out in imputing any thing criminal to the Judge of the Admiralty Court , or any other person ; yet if the papers were refused , in all probability their non-production would be quoted as a reason for his lordship being precluded from making good his assertions . The noble lord had allowed that he had not examined nor had time to examine them , and yet he built on them an accusation against the officers of the High Court of Admiralty of corruption , and a sacrifice of the interests of the navy . The papers were to be produced just to give a chance that there might , by extreme possibility , be something in them to justify the accusation . He ( Mr. Stephen ) would not affront the high characters so wantonly calumniated—characters respected , not alone by this country , but by the civilized world , for their talents and integrity—he would not affront such characters by becoming their apologist , in answer to such an attack as this . The noble lord was a distinguished ornament of his profession ; for his part , he confessed that he would rather hear of him than hear him ,