to the Expedition to the Scheldt , and of a nature improper to be made public . '' It was his intention that this Committee should be composed of nine members ; the number might be increased or diminished as might be judged expedient . He then named Mr. secretary Ryder , Mr. Wilberforce , Mr. Whitbread , sir A. Pigott , admiral Markham , Mr. F. Robinson , Mr. Bathurst , general Ferguson , lord Porchester . as a noble friend of his ( lord Castlereagh ) was so intimately connected with the subject under inquiry , proposed that he should have leave to attend the Committee . could by no means see the necessity of this ; he had indeed himself obviated any such necessity , by nominating the noble lord 's own secretary , Mr. F. Robinson . said , the Committee might certainly take what steps they thought proper ; but he considered the proposition in its present shape as perfectly novel . could not see what occasion those who were deeply interested in the event of the inquiry had to interfere with any future proceedings of the Committee . All they had to do was to see , in the commencement , that this Committee was so constituted as to do perfect justice between man and man . Of all propositions , then , which he had ever heard started , that of admitting the noble lord to attend the Committee was , in his opinion , least deserving of consideration . With respect to the number of which the Committee was proposed to be constituted , he could find no objection ; but he had , indeed , much objection to make to the members who had been put in nomination to compose it . In this list he observed five out of the nine were gentlemen who had been in the constant habit of voting against the measures of government on every occasion . One gentleman who had been nominated was unable to attend on any Committee . To the three next , Mr. Robinson , Mr. Bathurst , and Mr. Wilberforce , he could have no objection : they were neither in the habit of directly voting with or opposing government ; but he would ask , for that very reason , were they proper to be confronted with , the other five , who were in steady 316 opposition ? Was that a fair mode of proceeding ? Were the members of the Committee properly matched ? Was it right that he , for instance , one of the persons accused , should not have a representative in the Committee ; or rather a Committee so mixed and mingled in itself , with such balanced weight and opinions as to form a representative body of the House ? To the name of lord Porchester he had no objection ; nor to that of Mr. Bathurst . Mr. Robinson , he thought as the friend of the noble lord , ought also to remain on it ; and , as he thought , his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) should have an equal advantage , he should propose the addition of the name of Mr. S. Bourne . He should also propose the name of Mr. Yorke . If general Ferguson , as a general officer , was requisite , he should add also , to make all fair , general Craufurd . As to admiral Markham , he was content to retain him , provided he was allowed to nominate captain Beresford . If a lawyer also was deemed necessary , he had no objection of course to sir A. Pigott ; but in case he was retained , he should pair him off with Mr. Leycester , another of the same profession . This , in his opinion , would be much the most fair way of nominating the Committee , by which both the accused and the prosecutor would have equal justice . allowed , of course , that to any member of the Committee who was deemed objectionable , an objection might be taken ;