compass of the melancholy catastrophe by which it had been terminated . The mode most proper for carrying on the inquiry was also a matter that required much deliberation . It was the glory of that House to be the grand inquest of the nation , and yet there were many cases in which the exercise of its inquisitorial powers was productive of inconveniencies that could not be too cautiously avoided . He confessed himself anxious for inquiry ; but not thinking that information could render him less fit for prosecuting it , he would agree to postpone , for so very inconsiderable a period , that investigation which he thought ultimately necessary . declared that upon such a question and under such circumstances he could not reconcile it to himself to give a silent vote . He was ready to confess that he felt the most anxious wish to support the motion of the noble lord . He was little disposed to dispute about , forms , and as inquiry was his sole object , the sooner that inquiry should be decided upon , the more satisfactory it would be to his mind . He owed it also to the army , officers , and men—he owed it to the commander in chief , lord Chatham—he owed it to himself , as having a command in that army , to declare that he could not gratify them more than by voting for the speediest and most summary effectual inquiry , and he earnestly hoped that that inquiry would be conducted in the most open manner , and on the broadest grounds . —It is impossible for me , Sir , to give a silent vote upon this question , after the declaration of the hon . general who has just presented himself to your notice . He very confidently assures you , that he is obliged for his own sake , for the sake of the army and the noble lord who commanded it , to vote for inquiry . The same motives demand of me that I should , in the strongest and most explicit manner , press the House to go into the most minute inquiry into the conduct of the navy ; and I am perfectly convinced , that such a course would be very congenial to the feelings of the gallant admiral who commanded that fleet , whose whole life has been tissued with 201 the most active and enterprizing services , whose achievements have been equalled By few , excelled by none . I can assure this House , that many officers of the highest character and most eminent excellence were employed upon this service , and I am quite confident , that there is not a person in the profession who would not be happy to meet inquiry : the mode of inquiry , however , must depend on the wisdom of this House ; and I am sure , Sir , it will take into its consideration how much more difficult it is to inquire into the conduct of naval officers than of those of the army ; the first must be an examination into winds , tides , narrow channels , and a variety of other technical circumstances , which none but a sailor , and a sailor from his infancy , can understand . On the other hand , from peculiar circumstances , and the fashion of the times , half the kingdom are soldiers , and I now may have the honour of addressing myself to 300 field officers . But , Sir , as my object is inquiry into the execution of the Expedition , and not the policy , which must rest exclusively with the House , I can only say , that it is impossible to institute an inquiry too rigorous in its examination , or too early in its commencement , to meet the wishes of the whole navy . could not , on the present occasion , vote en the side of administration , but as to their general conduct , he Was convinced they possessed great merit , though the nature of that