reversionist not being capable of discharging his duties , that would equally apply to the granting a place for one life , as then the holder might live so long , or become so infirm as to be unable to fulfil all the duties of his situation . The passing of the bill would , in his lordship 's opinion , be an unnecessary departure from the course and experience of ages , without any view of public benefit . As to the suspension , that question stood on different grounds , as it might take place with a prospective view to some general measure . strenuously supported the bill . He was surprised to hear any noble lord speak of the danger of a change . Were things always to remain the same with us , however great the changes that might arise around us , in the same situation ? Was the constitution a thing unsusceptible of improvement , and could it never be improved without the 597 risk of danger ? If no change had ever been allowed , would the glorious Revolution ever have taken place which secured our liberties that otherwise would have been lost ? If no change had ever been allowed , should we now have the present family on the throne ? If no change had ever been made in the constitution , where would be all the boasted wisdom and fortitude of our ancestors , to the fame of which they are only entitled by having brought about these salutary changes ? That some change must be made in the present system of things , was almost universally felt and acknowledged ; our means must be economised , our resources husbanded , or we should never be able to surmount the difficulties with which we had to struggle . The people had been taught to look for the adoption of such a system . Parliament has in the present instance most solemnly promised it : and if they fail of making good that promise , if they betray an unwillingness to correct abuses , and to retrench useless expenditure , will they not themselves sanction the opinion which daily spreads too much among the people , that public men are all equally corrupt ; that on the professions of our public men no reliance can any longer be safely placed . It were therefore the interest as well as the duty of Parliament , to realize the expectations they had raised—at least he trusted their lordships would feel the necessity of vindicating their own characters , and asserting their own independence by marking the present bill with their decided approbation . denied that Parliament had fallen into disrepute , but if ever it should fall into disrepute , he would venture to say , that it would be from acting with a view to popularity , rather than upon the dictates of its own deliberate judgment . His lordship then gave a short statement of the manner in which these bills had been brought before the House . A resolution had first been passed by the other branch of the Legislature , adopting the principle of the abolition of the practice of granting offices in reversion . This undoubtedly , as a resolution of the other House , was entitled to a great deal of attentive and deliberate consideration from their lordships . When they came up to their lordships with a bill , conformable to that Resolution , and their lordships not choosing to assent to a measure of this importance , without taking 598 time for due inquiry , thought proper to reject that bill . A bill next came up for suspending the granting of offices in reversion ; and as this , with a view to further inquiry , was not objectionable , it was passed . In the present session , a bill came up for rendering perpetual the Suspending Bill , and he felt it a duty personally incumbent upon him to stop the bill on the point of form . Sir Matthew Hale , who would ever continue to be considered as an ornament