, to which Englishmen in future days will look back with humiliation and grief , I do not hesitate to declare my unalterable conviction , that such a government was unworthy to possess the confidence of Parliament ; and that a government which differs from it chiefly by the loss of those talents for business and debate , which formed its great ornament , and which is a little more united , at the price of being a great deal weaker in all other respects , is unfit to carry on the affairs of state at any time and particularly at this , and that it is the duty of every member of this House , and the interest of every man who is concerned in the preservation of the country , to contribute by all lawful means to its subversion . This , Sir , is the opinion which I think it is natural to form upon a first view of the subject ; and sure I am , that the more closely we look , into it , the more it is sifted and examined , the more reason we 6hall have to condemn the late administration , to distrust the present , and to refuse our assent to an address of confidence , such as that which was originally proposed . The first thing which presents itself for examination , both in point of time , and in point of importance , is the campaign of Spain and Portugal , This subject has the advantage of being plain in itself , and the circumstances of it are already before 40 * the public , so that the House is , even now , in a situation to form a competent judgment upon the merit of its authors . The only difficulty consists in accounting for the conduct of the government upon any tolerable theory whatever . For , Sir , I must fairly confess that I am not unable to see any good reasons , but that I am equally unable to see any reasons at all , that could have induced his Majesty 's ministers to engage in this second campaign . It seems to have been undertaken in singular defiance of all those principles , that ought to enter into the conduct of affairs . Before men determine upon any important step , they commonly look to experience , and to authority , where they have had the benefit of experience , and where good authority can be obtained . His Majesty 's ministers had both , and of the most perfect kind , and they chose to act in direct contradiction to both . They had the complete and melancholy experience of the first campaign in Spain , in which we lost so many thousand men , in which our councils , though not our arms , sustained such deep disgrace , and which afflicted and dismayed the country beyond almost any other event of this calamitous war . We had seen how in the course of that campaign , our army suffered more than it could have suffered in a country decidedly hostile , that it was received with jealousy and unwillingness , and that its presence , instead of rousing the Spaniards to greater efforts by an increased prospect of success , seemed only to chill whatever enthusiasm might have been supposed to exist among them before . In every stage of the transaction we were treated , not like zealous and sincere allies , guided by a liberal , though perhaps mistaken policy , but like dangerous interested intruders , against whose designs it was as much their duty to guard , as against the ambition of France itself . Every thing seemed to forbid a second experiment ; the characteristic qualities good and bad of our own army , the nature of the country , and above all the disposition of the inhabitants . If , indeed , that splendid but ideal picture , which at the beginning of the Spanish revolution , some persons in this country had formed to themselves , of a whole nation rising up as