Committee appointed on the Globe Insurance Company 's Bill ; before whom it was so satisfactorily proved , that our means , both in point of extent and solidity , were completely adequate to every possible occasion , that the parties abandoned their application to Parliament . I am aware that one of the gentlemen who gave the most decided testimony before that Committee , is a subscriber to the petition now before the House , and one of the intended directors of the New Company ; but this circumstance does not prove that any change has taken place in his sentiments : it only proves that he has discernment enough to know , that an establishment which may be a very bad thing for the community , may be a very good thing for individuals . I am aware too , that the names of many subscribers to Lloyd 's are to be found annexed to this petition ; but I know that the greater part of them joined this new company only because they thought it impossible successfully to oppose the powerful interests by which it was supported , and considering the ruin of all individual underwriters as inevitable , were willing to save something out of their own wreck.—In order to put the House in possession of the real merits of this case , it will be necessary to explain the mode in which marine insurances are at present effected in this metropolis . Exclusive of the two chartered companies , there are about 1,500 subscribers to Lloyd 's , the greater number of whom daily attend there for the purpose of transacting insurance business . The merchant , when he receives an order to effect insurances from his correspondents abroad , or has occasion to cover property shipped by himself at home , applies to an insurance broker , who transacts the business either with the public companies , or with individual underwriters , according as he finds it most to the ad- 406 vantage of his employer . The House will see the extent to which competition is carried by this mode of effecting marine insurances . The merchant is aware that his credit with his foreign correspondents depends upon his executing their orders on the best terms possible . The broker is equally aware that his credit with his employer , the merchant , depends upon the same circumstance . The underwriter is also aware , that unless he writes at the very lowest current premium , the brokers , who are in the habit of shewing him their policies , will transfer their accounts to other underwriters ; and from this consideration , he frequently accepts a premium which in his best judgment , he considers as inadequate to the risk , rather than lose his connections . Thus competition is carried to the highest possible pitch ; and thus has the reputation of this country for effecting marine insurances on the most reasonable terms been so universally established , that orders from every part of the globe are sent here , the property annually insured in this kingdom amounting to nearly two hundred millions , as is proved by the duty paid for stamps upon policies . * —But , it is contended that greater facility is wanted in effecting insurances , and will be given by the establishment of this new company . A reference to the evidence given before the committee on the Globe Insurance Bill , on this particular point , in July , 1806 , completely disproves this assertion ; * Amount of cash received for sea policy stamps , delivered to individuals in the year 1809 , from the office £312,251 3 11 * Amount of cash received for sea policy stamps , delivered to the chartered companies , 12,577 0 0 324,828 3 11 Add for the out-ports and Ireland , estimated at one-fourth of the above , 81,207 1 0 £.406,035 4 11 Four-fifths foreign insurance , or £.324,828 duty , at 5s . per cent . will cover property to amount of £.129,931,200 0 0 One-fifth Irish and coasting trade , or £.81,207 duty