spoke in behalf of the captors . He concluded by desiring the noble lord to look carefully over the documents relating to the subject , before he preferred a charge so serious against any one , as after being accused ( however honourably the party might be acquitted ) no character stood so high as before accusation . in reply , said he only wished the act of parliament on the subject to be complied with . If other proctors were as exorbitant in their demands as the king 's , it was because their situation , in consequence of what the other exclusively enjoyed , obliged them to be so . The only way ministers had left to them to justify those he had accused was to shew that the charges he had brought forward were unfounded . He had taken 180 pipes of wine , for which he received 450l . He bought in 16 of them , and paid 670l . duty on them . If proper encouragement were given a much greater number of prizes would be sent in . At present the commerce of France was almost uninterrupted . The cause originated in the admiralty Court . Our navy cost us annually twenty millions . Six might be saved , and the commerce of France destroyed . He expected that the gentleman opposite would defend such abuses , but from their known abilities he expected they would defend them better than they did . The King 's proctor did not receive less than 40,000l . per annum : he did not think it right that he should receive more than the Speaker did for sitting in the chair of that House . 479 The noble lord then justified his conduct at Malta , and concluded by enforcing his former arguments . thought bringing forward one of the cases would answer every purpose . If there were a distinction of cases he could bring forward two . It would be better than encumbering the House with the whole . He was anxious the calumnies should be met and refuted , but wished the noble lord would seek better information than that contained in the book alluded to . As the falsehood of that work in some parts had been shewn , he hoped the noble lord would be careful what credit he gave to the rest of it . was of opinion the noble lord would have done well to have corrected himself with respect to the income of the King 's proctor . The noble lord had said it amounted to 40,000l . a year if he inspected the report delivered into the Committee of Finance , he would find it did not exceed 7 or 8,000l . agreed to the proposition of the right hon . gent . and accordingly moved for documents relating to two of the vessels named in the original motion . rose to call the attention of the House to what he thought a gross violation of their privileges . If it should appear to the House as it did to him he was persuaded that no opposition would be made to his motion . Either those privileges existed , or they did not . If they did exist , it was the bounden duty of that House to defend them from those gross end wanton attacks , which not only invaded them but went in a great degree to question , whether they had such privileges or not . The attack , of which he now complained , was not a mere newspaper paragraph , it was a placard stuck upon the walls of the metropolis , challenging the eye of the passenger , and openly defying all consequences . A grosser breach of privilege than the matter contained in that placard , he could not readily imagine ; but before he would read to the House the contents of that paper , which he then held in his hand , he could not help making one observation . If that House had privileges to maintain , he thought in his heart it was now high time to assert