complied with according to the letter . It is quite clear , therefore , that in his judgment , the other letters of instruction are material to the forming an opinion of his case—that opinion may be erroneous . We , the House , can be in no condition to call it so , unless the instructions are produced . Ministers may , if they please , withhold them ; with 111 them rests the responsibility . I know no reason why they should . I am not aware of any objection which can be made to their being made public ; but if they are not , the public is not in possession of the whole of his case , that must be before them in a disadvantageous light ; and they are bound to say , that on grounds of public expediency , it is so left : but whatever may be said on the subject of instructions , though these instructions may be withheld , I am satisfied , that no objection can be raised to the production of the answer returned by him to the dispatch communicated to the House . I am wholly at a loss to conjecture why that was withheld . I can not understand on what principle the dispatch was communicated , and not his answer—his answer , which contained the terms he had obtained , which would have proved , that in what he had obtained those very conditions were substantially recognized—recognized , in the only way in which they could have been recognized , consistent with the forms of the American government . There can be no note in writing from the American executive—they have no power , no authority to give it . This official recognition is as binding , therefore , as any note in writing could be . I am the more astonished that this communication was not produced , because I find that Mr. Jackson adverts to it , and says , that it appears from thence , that the conditions were sent over to Mr. Smith ; that Mr. Erskine had repeated in that communication , verbatim et seriatim , what had passed in his conferences with Mr. Smith , on the subject of these conditions ; so that not only the existence of the document is thus publicly admitted , but its contents ; and that they are obviously most important to the decision of the question there can be no doubt , when it is the statement of what passed between him and Mr. Smith , at the time of entering into the agreement , and contains the pledge of the American government , the official recognition by the American executive , of those very conditions in substance , though not in the form required . It is the having withheld this dispatch that I can not but consider as a great injury to the reputation of my relation , who was held up to the country as having given up every thing and gained nothing ? when , if this communication had been laid before parliament , they would have been able to judge , whether he was right in considering that he had 112 thus obtained the substance of the conditions prescribed , though not the letter , and thereby accomplished the object of his majesty 's ministers , in the only practical way they could be accomplished . Let it not be supposed for a moment , that he was vain or silly enough to substitute views of policy of his own for those of his government—it was their policy , their system ; it is on the supposed adoption of their policy , and their system in its sense and spirit , that he puts his justification . I shall not trespass any farther on the House on this part of the subject , as a notice just given by my hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) will afford an early opportunity for that purpose ; but there is another point , of at least equal importance to the character of my honourable relation , which I am