Only to confirm our ministers in their infatuation ; only to induce them to send fresh forces to a country where we had failed before , and to a government with which no previous arrangement had been made . We had not after that any evidence which could fairly induce us to suppose that any alteration had taken place in the conduct of the Spanish government . Even the pompous embassy of lord Wellesley proved abortive ; that embassy which promised so much , and performed so little , returned , after a battle which was followed by a retreat ; a victory which was marked with all the calamitous consequences of a defeat ! ( Hear , hear ! ) What a plan of campaign , he would ask , must that have been , when even victory led to an inevitable and disastrous retreat , in which our army was obliged to leave near 2,000 of its sick and wounded to the mercy of the foe , over whom we were said to have obtained a decisive victory.—He next came to the consideration of the expedition to the Scheldt : and certainly every thing had been done to make it one of the most formidable which ever left the shores of England . Its professed object was to create a diversion in favour of Austria , and yet , though for that great purpose , so much depended on expedition of equipment , it had not left our shores till the fate of Austria was decided . The objects that remained for it to accomplish were purely British , and tended neither to promote the common cause of the independence of Europe , nor to conciliate the respect and attachment of our remaining allies . But the inglorious result of that expedition had proved , that without meeting with any 34 * other obstacles than such as might have been expected , it had returned crippled and diminished to our shores , without having effected any one object , but the miserable advantage of destroying the fortress and arsenals of Flushing ; a result the most inglorious , the most inadequate of any this country ever witnessed , the most disgraceful when compared with such mighty preparations . In the dispatches of lord Chatham , we were told in almost as many words , that the plan was radically erroneous . He told us , that Antwerp , instead of being a weak defenceless town , was absolutely impregnable ; that the ships had been moved out of the reach of attack , and that our force , great as it was , was insufficient for the attempt , and was daily diminishing by the diseases of that pestilential climate . This was the real state of things , very different from those notions on which the plans of ministers were formed ; and accordingly his lordship prudently abandoned all further operations . But when this expedition was considered in the details of its consequences , we should find matter enough to fill every mind with horror and indignation . Its history would form one of the blackest , and most disastrous pages in the annals of England . When its objects , however , were confessedly unattainable , it was supposed by ministers that its immediate return would too strongly mark to the country the complete failure of their plans ; and therefore they determined that our troops should remain , doomed to lingering destruction , in a climate notoriously pestilential and proverbially fatal . On this head they could not plead ignorance . There were two facts upon record , which if they had attended to their duty in the same degree that they had listened to the dictates of a vain and foolish ambition , must have opened their eyes to the frightful consequences of sending an Expedition , at that season of the year , to such a pestiferous climate . The late sir J. Pringle , a man who was remarkably eminent in the medical profession , had long ago published an account of the endemic diseases of Walcheren , which were most