a total change of the mode of conducting the war . Unless ministers understood how to effect that change , it was in vain to teach them any other lesson . We had wasted as much money , during last year , in the late disastrous expeditions , as would purchase the fee simple of ail the sinecure offices that exist . What was the use of their labour if it were only to enable the administration of the country to carry on such expeditions as those to Walcheren and Spain ? Expeditions which brought destruction upon British soldiers , and proved a disgrace to the British name . There was no article of expence so great as an obstinate and weak , but projecting ministry . Such being his sentiments , he should conclude with saying , that the hon . gent . who had brought forward this motion , would contribute much more to economy by giving one single vote against the authors of such accumulated calamities , than by making motions of this kind , which would be rejected even by the very persons , whom , on other occasions , he contributed to save . observed , that the feeling which seemed to be uppermost in the mind of the hon . gent . was , that whatever might be the subject under consideration , a charge was , at all events , to be brought against government . Whether the question was one for reform , economy , or upon any subject of general policy , the hon . gentlemen opposite uniformly took occasion to bring complaints against the conduct of the government ; and to urge , that if talents , ability , and integrity were necessary for the conduct of affairs , they were only to be found on their side of the House . The hon . gentle- 383 men opposite well knew , that they and their party possessed a much larger proportion of the offices to which the motion applied , than the gentlemen on his side ; and he would ask them , whether it was fair , just , or honest in them , to make the possession of such places the ground of charge against his Majesty 's present servants ? For himself , he should oppose the motion , but upon a different ground from that stated by the hon . gent. , who had taken such a view of it only as would lead to a change of government , in which he should justly be destined to bear so conspicuous a part . The Committee of Finance had reported upon the subject of sinecures , that if they were to be abolished , an equivalent should be provided in some other way . And as to the observation of the hon . gent . respecting the great increase of the influence of the crown , he was ready to deny the fact . Since the period when that House had agreed to the proposition of Mr. Dunning , all Mr. Burke 's measures of reform had taken place . Besides , in the proportion in which the influence of the crown had increased , in consequence of the augmented revenue and expenditure of the country , the means and wealth of its population had kept constantly progressive , and formed a balance for any accession to the influence of the crown . He looked upon the motion before the House to be premature ; but was of opinion , that whether the Expeditions alluded to by the hon . member had been successful or unsuccessful , or whatever might have been the expences attending them , such topics where wholly unconnected with the question before the House . charged the right hon . gent . with having misrepresented what had fallen from his hon . friend . His hon . friend had not stated that if the House were to look for a constellation of talents , or an aggregate of integrity , they should only look to the side of the House on which he sat , or to the hon . gentlemen