should take care that they should be employed in reward of honourable services . He concluded by recommending it to the hon . gent . to withdraw his motion . said he could not content himself with giving a silent vote on the present question . He would not oppose any proposition of this nature , but he feared the present motion would not attain the end proposed by the hon . mover . He accused the right hon . gent . opposite of having misrepresented what had been said by his hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) on the subject of sinecure places . He was an enemy to sinecures chiefly from the manner in which they were disposed of . Were they employed as the means of rewarding distinguished public services only they could produce no mischief , and would be only another name for pensions . But this was not the case . He adverted to the case of lord Nelson , and said , that at the time he so gloriously fell in the arms of victory , the place of the Cinque ports very soon after became vacant . This was a noble opportunity of worthily bestowing a sinecure place of the first magnitude , by making that perpetual in the family of that gallant officer . What , on the contrary , had become of it ? Why , it was given to lord Liverpool , for the eminent services he had performed during a short administration . Perhaps we should soon have another instance of the right hon . gent . 's liberality in rewarding public services . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Dundas ) had misunderstood what had been said by his hon . friend relative to lord Melville . He had not cast the smallest reflection on that noble lord . His hon . friend had stated that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had written a letter to lord Melville , extracts of which had appeared in the papers , in which he lamented that he could not off0er him a place in the administration ; but he offered him one of the highest honours the crown could bestow , an advance in the 389 peerage ; and it was on that act of the right hon . gent . his hon . friend had commented . The right hon . gent . had offered places , too , and honours to many others ; but he could not prevail on any one to accept them . The right hon . gent . had said , that those on his side of the House , envied him his situation . He ( Mr. W. ) did not believe any of them would change with him . Indeed , he only held his situation because no body else would take it . God help him , and all his colleagues with their situations ! —and God help the country , which had suffered so much from their being in those situations ! He owned , that he and his hon . friends had always avowed they wanted to get rid of the present administration . He believed the whole kingdom wanted to get rid of them . If they wanted to get rid of impotence ; if they wanted to get rid of intolerance ; if they wanted to get rid of religious bigotry , that had endeavoured to set the nation in a flame ; if they wanted to get rid of those , who would prescribe the limits within which they would go into retrenchment , then they must get rid of the right hon . gent . and his colleagues . But who would accept their places ? He knew of no candidate . He was no candidate himself , and he had heard of none for the office . The right hon . secretary ( Mr. Ryder ) by the side of the right hon . gent . would not have been in that situation , if any other person would have accepted it ; the other hon . secretary ( Mr. Wharton )