most extraordinary , the men were never seen in their uniforms except on particular occasions . This was certainly the most singular proof of military service he had ever heard of . The House would see , therefore , that these officers were virtually 625 sinecure pensioners . He trusted that this information would be sufficient to induce the noble lord to look into the subject with a little more precision , than it appeared he had done from his statement in the dission of this night . said , he wished to put two distinct questions to the noble lord opposite , to which he expected satisfactory answers ; First , what security would be given to the country , that the new medical board , recently appointed , would take care to guard against the calamities which were so justly attributed to the old medical board ? Whether the physicians appointed would be capable of judging of camp and contagious diseases ? and , secondly , whether the rumour was true , which was so prevalent namely , that those who composed the late medical board , were suffered to retire on their full pay ? Whether those persons , whose ignorance and misconduct had occasioned to the country such material losses of its best troops , were allowed to retire not only with impunity , but loaded with unmerited rewards ? rose and said , he could not but deprecate the abruptness of the noble lord 's interrogatories to his noble friend , who could hardly be expected at that precise moment to have it in his power to give distinct answers to the noble lord 's questions . As far , however , as it was in his own power , he would satisfy the noble lord . With respect to the first question , he really could not conceive how any assurance could be afforded before hand , as to the capacity of the individuals to be appointed to the present medical board . The noble lord might be assured that care would be taken to select the most eligible persons ; and it was meant as an additional security for the performance of their duty , that they should give up all private practice and confine themselves wholly to the superintendence of the medical department , and to the consideration of those diseases to which the army was most liable . With respect to the other question , all he had to say , was , that the conduct of his Majesty 's government , in this particular , was guided by long-established regulations of the then existing medical board , that their conduct was determined upon before the present inquiry was thought of ; and it was thought rather hard to turn persons adrift upon the world , without some reward for past services . observed , that although 626 there were many points , upon which he did not feel it necessary to dwell at any length in the present discussion , he could not refrain from expressing his just and utter astonishment at finding , after the very extraordinary coldness with which the suggestions he had the honour of making to the House last session on the subject of retrenchment had been received , that the very points , on which he had then touched , had now been taken up by the gentlemen opposite to him . For this he thanked them most kindly , as he was sure the country would also do . And he confidently trusted , that the Committee had now shewn that sort of mind and decided spirit of economy , which would justify the country in the hope and expectation that something in the way of retrenchment would be done—nothing could give him greater pleasure than to see his Majesty 's ministers beginning to do that which was absolutely essential to die salvation—to the very existence of the country . He rejoiced extremely in the conviction apparently felt by those who , on a former occasion , had refused to listen to his suggestions ; and as his sole object was the good of