crop , he urged the prohibition of the distilling from grain.—This is the course that ought now to be pursued , because the continuance of the prohibition can only be justified by the proof of a scarcity actually existing , and of there being good reasons to apprehend one . Such was the doctrine formerly of the right hon . gentlemen themselves ; and therefore he would move an amendment to the motion of the right hon . gent . to the effect of having a Select Committee appointed , to enquire whether there did exist any good grounds for continuing the prohibition . The silence of the right hon . gent . had left it a matter of conjecture on what principle he founded his motion . Was it that the stale of things in 1810 was similar to that of 1808 ? Then a scarcity did exist in parts of Scotland and in the north of Ireland ; the crop in England was deficient , and the supply from foreign countries was cut off by the Decrees of Buonaparté . But now grain was in great plenty in Scotland—the crop of potatoes there had been particularly abundant . In Ireland there was a redundant stock of grain , and corn was importing in large quantities into England from France . But there was now no good reason ever to look abroad for a supply of grain . The imports from Ireland since the trade was made free , prove this fact . In the two last years , 1,200,000 quarters of grain have been imported , a larger quantity than was annual imported from abroad before the trade was free . And if the impolitic measure of stopping the distilleries had never taken place , by this time the gains of the farmers of Ireland , would have induced them to make such exertions in extending tillage , that no necessity could have now existed for importing corn . The prices besides proved that there was no scarcity nor reason to apprehend 392 one . But if the right hon . gent . shall argue , that the prices of grain now compared with what they were in former periods , prove a scarcity , then he will argue most falsely , because the rise in price is not a real one , but apparent only , in as-much as the bank paper , in which these prices are calculated , is greatly depreciated . But , besides these considerations , before the House acceded to the motion of the right hon . gent . it ought to attend to those principles of policy which had been laid down by the wisest men . They said , that the complete freedom of the corn trade was the only prevention of the miseries of famine , and that upon no account ought the agriculture of the country to be interfered with—and their doctrine was founded on this circumstance , that without security was given to the farmer , that he should reap the fair reward of his labour and capital , those great exertions for supplying food would never be made , that were absolutely necessary for the welfare of the people . If there was any ground now for complaining of the stock of grain in the country , it could only be the result of this security having been taken from the farmer in 1808 and 1809 , for had the farmers been permitted to derive the full advantage of a free consumption of grain in these three years , they would have been induced to sow so largely , that there can be no doubt the last crop would have been infinitely more abundant than it has proved to be.—In regard to Ireland , continued Mr. Parnell , though the report may prove correct , that the ministers mean to admit the distillation of corn there , it will be taking a narrow view of the subject to consider this concession as sufficient to secure the interests of Ireland ; because the prohibition here will contribute to diminish the demand for Irish oats and barley ;