he himself took in . thought that so far was it from being a breach of privilege to publish the names of members who voted on either side on any important question , that in king William 's time , ( not the most unfavourable period to freedom and parliamentary privilege in this country ) , the thing was constantly done by order of the House : and he thought such a practice highly necessary to the people of England , who would thereby be enabled to see who those representatives were who did their duty , and who did not . did not object to the publishing of lists of names , but to the misrepresentation of gentlemen 's motives in a sweeping and general way . For instance , in one of those papers , under the head of gentlemen who voted against Inquiry , his own name was inserted ; whereas he had distinctly stated in his speech on that night , that although he voted against , the specific motion then in debate , no man in that House was more anxious for Inquiry than himself ; and yet this part of his speech was never given as counteractive to the general statement in the list that he voted against Inquiry . observed that it had been the usual practice to publish the names , and it was a practice which he wished should be continued . But then it ought to be conducted with some accuracy . In this respect he himself had to 216 complain ; for of the two lists published respecting the vote on the first night of the session , his name appeared in neither ; a circumstance calculated to produce the belief in his constituents , that he had not attended to his duty in that House , though he certainly always did attend , except when prevented by sickness , or some other very imperious cause . He felt this the more , because in the paper in question he was represented as having said , that the attempt to put off the motion for the inquiry into the Walcheren Expedition from Friday till after Monday , was a manœuvre to get rid of it altogether ; whereas he had got up , and distinctly disavowed any such meaning , which disavowal , however , was not mentioned . It was the more necessary to be accurate , because the characters of members with their constituents , depended very much upon the representations given of their conduct and speeches in the public papers . The want of accuracy was the more to be regretted , because he knew of no circumstance more calculated to make a man begin to balance in his mind the comparative benefits of publicity and secrecy , than the prevalence of party motives , to such a degree as to produce these misrepresentations . He , himself , certainly had reason to complain . As he belonged to no party nobody took care of him . [ A laugh . ] But still he had not lost the good opinion of those who sent him there , on account of any false views that might have been published of his conduct or any misrepresentations of his speeches . remarked , that there was one thing rendered obvious by this conversation , which gave him great satisfaction , and that was the particular anxiety which was , at this time , manifested about the opinion of their constituents . That misrepresentation ought to be corrected , there was no doubt , and as little was it to be doubted that , if wilful , it justified the notice of this House : but at the same time , it was proper to remark , that the remedy was not so difficult as some seemed to imagine ; for any one had the opportunity of correcting misrepresentation , if not in any other way , at least by mentioning it in the House . did not know what there was in the present state of affairs that should make it matter of so much exultation to the