believed , that ministers really had no plan : but they did not chuse to acknowledge a fact that must tend directly to their own inculpation . pledged himself to prove that ministers , in sending off the Expedition , had acted under the grossest ignorance 378 of the state and strength of Antwerp . wished that the documents moved for should be laid upon the table , in the first instance ; and if it should appear they were of a secret nature , they should be sealed up , and sent to the secret Committee . He was , however , less anxious about the result of the motion , than surprised at the resistance given to it by the right hon . gent . ; as he had no doubt the information required must be ultimately given . asked , whether it could be a reflection on the secret Committee to call for information which was not secret . would admit that , unless the information should come out in the report of the secret Committee , or in some other way , the fair inference would be that ministers had none —as they would have failed to produce it in their own defence . rose to make his promised motion on this subject . He said , that in order to make the House acquainted with the nature of those sinecures which he wished to be abolished , it was impossible to do better than to read a passage from the writings of one of the most illustrious men that ever England produced—he meant lord Hale , in his treatise on the amendment of the laws.—That great judge says : — '' There are at this day in the Exchequer many great officers , that receive the profit and fees of their office , and either do not at all attend it , or know not what belongs to it , but only , perchance , once a term sit with some formality in their gowns , but never put their hands to any business of their offices , nor indeed know not how . For instance , the King 's remembrancer , the receiver and remembrancer of the first fruits , the usher of the Exchequer , the chief marshal of the Exchequer , the chamberlains of the Exchequer , the chief clerk of the Pipe , the controller of the Pipe , and some of the auditors that I could name . These , and some other nominal officers , are great men , enjoy their pleasures , understand not , or attend not to their offices , but dispatch all by deputies ; and by this means an unnecessary charge is drawn upon the King and his people ; for the chief officer hath the profit , and the deputy he hath some , or else he could not live . If these 379 officers are not necessary , why are they continued ? If they are , why should they not be executed at the charge only which accrues from the deputy , and the benefit of the nominal officer , who doth nothing , be retrenched as a needless charge ? '' And again , `` It is the dearest gratification of a courtier or servant that can be imagined , and of the greatest detriment to the King , when an office concerning the revenue is made the reward of the man 's service , that knows not how to use it . It were more profit to the King to bestow a pension to the value of the office to such a person ; and when he hath done , to bestow the office freely upon an honest man , that knows how to use it . It is true , I know many offices are tilled already in this kind , and reversions upon reversions granted ; and if an act to remedy it for the future only were to make a provision to begin the next age , it were worth a present provision and on inspection to be made at present , and resumption by act