be a diversion in favour of Austria ; the second , the attainment of something solely British , or national , advantageous only to our own interest . Now how did ministers proceed towards either of these objects ? As to the first , Austria , it will be recollected commenced the war on the 8th of April last ; ministers were aware of her intentions to do so long before , and why , then , were they not prepared to give her prompt and effectual aid ? Why , as usual , waste in slow and tedious preparation ; that time which was necessary for vigorous and decisive action ? Why were we not forward to aid Austria after the battle of Esling , when a happy change of circumstances might have rendered that aid of the most important consequence ? But no , ministers became active only when activity must be unavailing . They sent out these Expeditions after Austria had fallen , never 166 to rise again . On the 6th of July , the conqueror of the world was obliged to act on the defensive ; but the battle of Wagram extinguished all the hopes and expectations which Europe began to feel . On the 12th of July the news of the armistice reached us , and on the 13th sailed the Expedition.—Here was judgment ; here was consideration ; setting all experience at defiance ; when the minister , consistently with his invariable rule of acting , and contrary to all general principles and established practice , offered to administer medicine to the dead . But the minister was not only injudicious in the time , but in the place which he had chosen to create a diversion in favour of Austria . If he had sent in due season an adequate force to any of the ports , or vulnerable points on the coast of France , Buonaparté might have been somewhat more alarmed than he was likely to be for the fate of the island of Walcheren . But , why not send an Expedition to a point convenient to the scene of actual operations , why not rather send it to Italy than to Holland ? It has been said , that we had not money nor troops , nor transports , to send out an Expedition so early as could be wished . But when we found these supplies for Holland , why could they not have been found for an Expedition to Germany or to Italy ? Is it pretended that we were more liable to encounter difficulties in the one place than in the other—that we could not deal with the Italians or Germans because they were all like so many Jews , on as easy terms as we could with the Dutch—that we could not make paper currency as available among the one as among the other ? Are such miserable pretences to be listened to ? But , if ministers really experienced the want of money , troops and transports , how can they offer such circumstances as pleas of justification for their actual conduct ? Why , I would ask , were they exposed or subject to such wants ? They had time enough to prepare and signs enough to warn them of the necessity for preparation . The state of Spain was calculated to excite and keep alive the attention and energy of any set of men capable of feeling and activity , and they had besides , early notice of the intended movement of Austria . How , then , are they to account for not having on foot and in readiness an adequate disposable army ? —But , it is alledged that the army commanded by sir John Moore , which necessarily formed the basis of the 167 force sent to Walcheren , was not in a state to move earlier . Let us , however , examine this allegation ; sir John Moore 's army embarked at Corunna upon the 18th of January , and is it to be maintained that that force could not be put in a state fit