the enemy retired in good order beyond the Alberche . What could his Majesty 's ministers have meant by blazoning that battle in such terms of 281 triumph and exultation ; as the dispatches of the general by no means warranted ? By these Votes of Thanks , almost all administrations wished a lustre to be reflected on themselves . He did not say this was the case at present , but he had formerly seen it so . It was painful to him to say much against what he was not willing to call a victory ; but yet was ready to acknowledge was highly glorious to the troops , and to the skill of the commander , on the day of action . But he could not consent to a Vote of Thanks for bravery , displayed merely in the day of battle . He had voted for the thanks on account of the battle of Vimeira ; but were that vote again to give , as explained and illustrated by the battle of Talavera , he should pause before he would give it in the same way . The ambition of sir Arthur Wellesley was conspicuous in both : he seemed to have fought merely for a peerage , certainly more with such a view than was consistent with the conduct of a good and prudent commander . When they were told to consider the question as an isolated one , did the right hon . gent . mean to ask them to leave out of their consideration the 3,000 men left wounded on the field of battle , of whom 1,500 afterwards fell into the hands of the enemy ? Did he mean them to leave out of their consideration , that , since the battle , our army had not been able to resume offensive operations . It was remarkable that not one dispatch from this army had been published since that dated from Truxillo , on the 21st of August . Had no dispatches been received from the army , or were ministers afraid of communicating their contents to the public ? The whole campaign was wrapped in mystery , and he was determined to have information , before be voted honours . Upon ail these grounds as he must protest against the Vote of Thanks to the general , he should move as an amendment , `` That the Thanks of the House should be given to the officers and troops who served under lord Wellington , for their undaunted courage and gallantry on the 27th and 28th of July , in the battle of Talavera . But while the House gave this praise to the officer ; and men , for their Undaunted courage and gallantry , they had to lament that the army since that period had been unable to resume active operations . They had also to lament , that , after the battle , they had suffered the enemy to pass two days in inactivity , without attacking them , and also for having allowed themselves to be cut off at the bridge of Arzobispo . '' rose to second the amendment . The hon . gent . commenced a maiden speech of considerable ability , by expressing the high respect he entertained for the military talents and character of lord Wellington . He was ready to admit , that the country was already indebted to that noble and gallant officer for many great and signal services ; and that it might justly look up to him for the performance of still more eminent services hereafter . But whilst he was thus forward to do justice to the general military merits of lord Wellington , he felt himself conscientiously bound to vote against the original motion , because whatever distinguished military talents may have been displayed during the action , he must ever condemn the temerity which had exposed a British army to the dreadful alternative of a conflict against a superior force , or absolute destruction , in a precipitate and disastrous retreat : before he should proceed more immediately to the question he felt it necessary to