from countries under the controul and dominion of the enemy . He believed the former cause to operate , because the market price of gold had been higher than the mint price almost ever since the restriction of bank payments in 1797 ; and he suspected the influence of the latter from this circumstance , that there was not merely a nominal depreciation of paper as compared with bullion , but a real demand for bullion itself all over the country . The state of the exchange was no doubt in some degree the cause of this demand for bullion ; but , perhaps , it was in some degree also the effect of that transfer of bullion from this country , which was created by the necessities of trade and the new system of commercial warfare . But all this was matter for Inquiry . What remedy ought to be provided , would , of course , turn upon what should be ascertained to be the nature and cause of the evil . If it consisted in an excessive issue of paper by the Bank of England , the remedy would be in the hands of parliament , and had been already resorted to in the case of the misconduct of the Bank of Ireland . If the real cause of the high price of gold 271 was the demand for it , as an article of trade or a medium for carrying on our trade , there was no other cure for that but an adequate supply ; and it was one of the many important considerations which arose out of the present situation of the colonies of Spain in the new world , how their immense resources of precious metals might best be rendered available for our accommodation . Those colonies , independently of the Brazils , might easily furnish above the value of nine millions sterling annually of the precious metals . The mines of Mexico were said to produce annually about 25 millions of dollars ; those of Peru 15 millions , and it was thought that if the mines of Peru were better worked they would prove infinitely more abundant in the production of bullion than even those of Mexico . When the state of our circulating medium came to be inquired into in the Committee , there were several peculiarities which had been too long overlooked , especially the depreciation of our silver coin , which it would be necessary in order to a clear understanding of the subject particularly to attend to . It was quite unnecessary for him to state to the House that silver still continued according to the laws of our mint , the standard measure of all commercial value . Nothing could be more obvious then than the necessity , in an inquiry concerning the state of the circulating medium generally , of previously ascertaining any and what precise fluctuations may have taken place in the value of that metal , to which the whole is referable as a permanent standard . Another fact also , that would occupy necessarily much of the attention of the Committee , was the alteration that had taken place in the relative value of gold and silver , from that fixed by the regulations of the mint . In the time of Edw . 1 , the ratio of silver to gold was as 1 to 9 : at a much later period as 1 to 15 ; subsequently again as 1 to 15 and a very small fraction ; but the ratio or proportion at present was 1 to 15½ . From documents which he had seen , and upon the accuracy of which he had every reason to rely , it appeared that for more than fifty years back , the supply of bullion gold and silver from the mines of America had not increased very much ; and that the increase of the latter was in a much greater degree than that of the former . The hon . gent . concluded by moving `` That there be laid before this House—1.An Account of the quantity of gold and