's expression . Why should men who had made this their avowed object , be allowed to nominate the Committee ? It was said , indeed , that ministers had no right to nominate the Committee , but they had a right to object ; if so , the only way in which they could object was , as they had done , collectively ; for if they objected singly to each individual member , and divided on it , then one half of the House might be gone through , and much time uselessly lost . Would any one say that there were many men on the Committee who were not biassed—who were not in opposition—who were not party men ? And surely nothing was so apt to bias men as party prejudice ; it totally discoloured everything which was seen through its medium . Like the magic leaf from the wizard Michael , in the Lay of the Last Minstrel , it effected a total metamorphosis , changing every thing which it touched , and making reality appear delusion . There were some men proposed for the jury whom he considered perfectly just , if they could be divested of their party prejudices . Sir A. Pigott , for instance , was as honourable a man as lived , party aside . He could not consider him as adequate to remain on the jury ; not because he was not pure , but because he had an interest in the decision—he was to come into power , in case the present ministers were turned out—he was not to consider the justice of the prosecution , but to receive the penalty of the conviction ! He was , of course , not an adequate , because not an unbiassed juror . When asked , if he thought his near friend and connection ( Mr. Wilberforce ) was a proper juror , he had only to say , that perhaps the relative delicacy of his situation with respect to him might invalidate his judgment ; but if it was considered that only party men were to be on the Committee , and that those should be fairly opposed to each other he could not think that his hon . friend , who was not connected with either party , ought to be a member . He said this , loving his person as he did , and ardently admiring his public character . He gave his assent to the list as amended by the chancellor of the exchequer . was disposed fully to allow that the learned gent . who had just sat down , had , indeed , argued well and quoted aptly : there was only one trifling objection to both his arguments and his quotations , and that was , they were not to 319 the purpose . He had commenced by considering the Committee as a jury , and on that supposition he built all his argument . The supposition was wrong in limine , and then what became of all the fine reasoning he deduced from it ? The fact was , the Committee was not a jury ; they were only to select evidence to be laid before the jury ; a mere Committee of inquiry on the part of the prosecution . Now that position was down , what was the next ? To the full as fallacious : he objected to the Committee on the part of the prosecution as partial . Why , who ever heard of an impartial prosecution ? It was not in the nature of a prosecution to be impartial . If a man prosecuted a murderer who killed his relation , was he impartial ? If a man pursued with legal vengeance a robber who assails his purse , could he be said to be impartial ? Was he not necessarily and naturally biassed against the robber , or the murderer ? In a prosecutor , impartiality would be a failing ; for impartiality was very near a-kin to indifference ; and what stimulative could indifference be to inquiry ? or what promoter of justice did there