countries than the armies of those countries themselves . Must there not have been in our case a great want of foresight and arrangement for the provisioning of our army upon our making the attempt we did , in the heart of Spain ; He had heard from those who had since been through that part of the country , that after the French had been twice there , there were still sufficient means of provision . The French , in fact , sent out a number of small parties , who collected provisions and kept the peasantry quiet , and we took no means to counteract the operations of those parties . This did not evince much merit on our part.—No more painful task could fall upon him than to object to thanks in a case where great and indisputable bravery had been shewn by our gallant army : he wished not to withhold the rewards of parliament but to make them greater , and raise their value higher , by dealing them out sparingly , and appropriating them solely to those great occasions that incontestibly demand them . He thought that at Talavera what we did , with all that could be said or thought in praise of it , could not be magnified into what was truly and justly to be described a victory.—The noble earl ( Liverpool ) had read the General Orders issued by his Majesty , relative to the victory stated to have been gained at Talavera , and he ( lord Grey ) must again protest against using his Majesty 's name for the purpose of influencing the deliberations of that House . As to the impression however which those General Orders were cited to prove , they only proved the impression which ministers wished to convey . When the noble earl talked of the impression made by the victory , as he called it , of Talavera , what had not ministers to answer for , for the deceptive impression which they strove to create , by the publication of extracts of dispatches from lord Wellington , which conveyed a totally different meaning from that of the dispatches themselves . Thus , in the extract which was published of a dispatch from lord Wellington , dated from Talavera , in which he says , `` I can not move from hence for want of the means of transport and provisions , '' was 145 it not meant that it should be understood that he could not advance ? although ministers knew at the time that his dispatch stated that he could not retreat for want of these necessary means . His Majesty 's ministers at the time they trumpeted forth the battle of Talavera , as a splendid and glorious victory , were in the possession of lord Wellington 's dispatches , in which he stated the unfortunate situation of his army , the necessity of his retreating , and the difficulties he had to encounter in effecting that retreat . The impression made in the country was not to be wondered at when the publication of lord Wellington 's dispatches was so managed as to carry all the appearance of the intelligence of a splendid victory . Had the news arrived during the sitting of parliament , and ministers had immediately moved for the Thanks of that House to lord Wellington , he ( lord Grey ) should have most readily and cordially joined , conceiving from the dispatches , as published in the Gazette , that a splendid and decisive victory had actually been gained ; but , how great would afterwards have been his indignation , when he had discovered the unworthy deception practised by his Majesty 's ministers ? Under all these circumstances , whatever pain and reluctance he might feel in opposing a motion of this nature , believing as he did , that lord Wellington was an able , skilful , active and enterprising officer , and not wishing to oppose a Vote of Thanks to other officers employed for their skill and ability , or to the army , for the bravery and good conduct