to see the impolicy of resorting to them in the present case . The Committee had expressly stated , that in their opinion they had a tendency to injure the agricultural interests of the country , and that nothing but the strong statements of the West India merchants could induce them to recommend even a temporary adoption . He did not think that they were warranted in continuing the prohibition upon the bare statement of the right hon . gent . It became them particularly to weigh the subject well , as no man could deny that it was an infringement of the Articles of Union . It had been asked , would the distillers of this country submit to the prohibition , without a suspension of the intercourse in the article of spirits , between the two countries ? He saw no reason why they should not ; he saw no reason why they should object to the performance of the Articles of Union . If this measure was to be persisted in , he considered it so gross an act of injustice towards Ireland , that he should , at a future period , propose a suspension of the intercourse between the two countries , in cotton goods , to continue while the prohibition upon the spirit trade lasted . A prohibition similar to the present was laid on by the former Parliament , but then it was only for a period of six weeks . But the present Parliament continued it without entering into any inquiry as to its necessity . He wished to support the West India trade , but it was not by such little temporary expedients . If this measure was persevered in , he should consider it as a home blow to the agricultural interests of Ireland . wished for a Committee , and thought it would appear , that there was no necessity for extending the prohibition to oats . thought that when they considered the alarm which was generally spread by the appointment of Committees to enquire into the state of grain , they should be slow to 395 adopt the amendment . It had been represented as a breach of the Articles of Union ; it was not a breach in the spirit , nor , did he believe , in the letter of the Act . The hon . baronet had threatened them with proposing a prohibition upon the cotton trade . Did he think that that would be a benefit to Ireland ? If he did , there was yet no analogy between the two cases to justify such a proposition . If the importation of spirits from Ireland was not prohibited , the grain would be sent there from the country , and returned , after distillation , so that the object which government had in view , would be completely defeated . supported the arguments for a previous inquiry , and contended , that the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , had founded all his reasoning on fallacious assumptions , such as , that the corn trade of the two countries was nearly in the same state ; whereas in Ireland that trade was the staple trade of the country , forming the most material part of its exports , and strengthening by its increase that important branch of the empire , whilst this country was obliged to import for its support , diminishing its productions as its importation augmented . If the crop of oats had been adequate , how happened it that the London , Liverpool , and Bristol markets were supplied from Ireland ? He trusted that the Irish gentlemen who were interested in the question , would oppose the prohibition of the importation of Irish spirit to this country , as it was contrary to the Articles of the Union . If that House were to adopt such a measure , they would impede an event now in progress , and highly desirable , the supply of British consumption from the Irish soil . It was well known that this country was now importing corn from France