, he had at last said he could not form a proper judgment on the subject without seeing the promised documents . This was evidently done with a view of reserving to himself a voice on another occasion . This he might find very convenient . The noble lord , indeed , had said with a gentle air , a mild voice , and a subdued accent , that he would not prejudge the case ; but with his loud voice and impassioned tone he had told them , with appropriate gesticulation , that the facts he had stated to them spoke for themselves , and carried condemnation on the face of them.—Having thus far addressed himself to the noble lord , he would now take some notice of the hon . gent . by whom he had been seconded . A speech more against that which it was intended to support he had never heard . 181 The bon . gent . had complained of a want of boats to land a sufficient force on Cadsand and to prevent supplies being conveyed from Cadsand to Flushing . But he would take upon him to assert that no such inconvenience had been experienced . He felt , no hesitation in contradicting the hon . gent . upon this point . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) He would repeat that the statement of the hon . gent . was unfounded in fact , and that single circumstance was enough to prove the propriety of waiting till all the documents should be produced . He had means of knowing more on that subject than the hon . gent . and when assertion went against assertion , in what manner would the House think it necessary to pledge itself to institute such an inquiry as had been called for ? He would ask the House whether it would be respectful to the King , whether it would be to deal fairly by his Majesty 's ministers , or candidly towards the gallant officers employed , after the vote recently given , to agree to that inquiry for which they were now called on , before the papers were produced , before they knew whether ministers or generals were likely to be the subject of that inquiry ? It was not candid to take the opinion of the House twice on the same subject , and the present question differed only in words from that which they had so lately discussed . He wished the House distinctly to understand that he did not oppose inquiry , but that he only wished it deferred till they were in possession of those papers , which alone could enable them to decide whether or not it would be necessary . He concluded by moving the previous question . could not help admiring the lively manner and animated oratory of the hon . gent . who had just sat down : but doubted much whether his Majesty 's ministers had in selecting him , chosen the best general to conduct their defence , or that of the Expedition . That hon . gent . had thought proper to charge upon the noble lord who brought forward this motion , and for so doing was intitled to the thanks of the country , with having acted in an un-candid manner ; but that hon . member was not an old member of that House , and that might account for the manner in which he had animadverted upon the conduct and speech of that noble lord . He had himself risen principally in consequence of the hon . gent . 's attempt to hamper the discussions in that House , by the unguarded and unparliamentary manner in which he had introduced the 182 sacred name of his Majesty . He was on his part prepared to contend , that the adoption of the motion would not be disrespectful to his Majesty , and that it was the undoubted right of that House to discuss the conduct of Ministers , as well as the propriety of every measure of their administration . The hon . gent .