all that was required of them , they kept their position . The victory in itself must have been of use to the Spanish cause , for it shewed them that a British army was invincible , and the victory well deserved the honour of the reward moved to be bestowed on it by that House . concurred in the vote of thanks ; but asked , what would have been the situation of the army , if ministers had given the same kind of discretion to a commander of a less enterprising and active spirit ? spoke in favour of the question . gave his most hearty concurrence to the vote of thanks to his noble friend ; and added that he was proud he could call him countryman , whose glorious and great achievements he could only compare to those of marshal Lannes . said , he was aware that the vote he should give would not be consonant with the feelings of the House . He knew little of military affairs , and he believed the major part of the House were in the same situation ; yet they were the persons who were to approve or disapprove . He did not wish , at that late hour of the night , to enter into the merits of the battle of Talavera ; but this he knew , the British troops fought , and were not able to maintain their ground . He thought the victories in Egypt and Maida were sufficient to establish our military fame , 301 without sending lord Wellington to hazard the treasure of the country , the valuable lives of their soldiers , where no possible good could result from it . That the battle of Talavera was fought with intrepidity , no man could doubt . But the duties of a soldier and a general were very different . The first , inspired with the duty and love he owed his country , was willing to undergo all privations , was even careless of his life ; where danger was there he flew ; but the duty of a commander was quite different . He ought to be careful that the soldier should suffer no privations , that he should not endanger his life without actual necessity , and unless the service of his country required it . Was lord Wellington thus careful ? This was a plain fact , on which every man of understanding could come to a conclusion , whether vested with military knowledge or not . He would not detract from the merits of those who fought under lord Wellington ; he was sensible they did as much as men could do , and no honour their country could confer on them would be equal to their deserts . He concluded by saying , that he would give his support to the amendment . felt it impossible to conceive why assent to the motion should be withheld . On no other provocation , than that government had called on the House to speak the sentiments of gratitude which warmed almost every heart in the country , the House was required , through the medium of the proposed amendment , to censure the noble lord whose conduct was the subject of discussion , and to pronounce him , instead of the exalter of the honour of his country , the wanton waster of her best blood . He lamented the loss that had taken place in the battle of Talavera as much as any man ; but war was a game that could not be played without risks and losses . It had been said that the House had been too prodigal of their approbation in recent times . We lived in an age so full of splendid achievements , that it was feared the spring of honour might be dried up . This was indeed a source of high exultation , and one in which he trusted the country would long have to indulge . supported the amendment . rose , amidst a loud call for the question , and said a few words in avour of