rabble in a flame , `` And keep their governors from blame . '' 284 It was stated that if two things had occurred , we should have succeeded better . If the Spanish Junta had not acted as they did , and if the Spanish General had done his duty , the success would have been more complete . All this , however , might have been foreseen ; but if the object of the march into Spain was to attack the French army under Victor , as soon as Cuesta refused the co-operation which was promised , it was the duty of lord Wellington to have retreated . The campaign of sir John Moore was a melancholy warning of what was to be expected from penetrating into the heart of Spain . He never had looked on the situation of Spanish affairs with any very sanguine hopes ; and when against the great superiority which France possessed in armies , and in able and experienced officers , the resources of Spain were stated to consist in her loyalty and religion ; he feared for her fate . There were some systems of religion , such as those which inculcate predestination , that inspire an extraordinary contempt of danger : but he did not know that such was the character of that sort of religion to which the Spaniards were bigotted . Neither did he calculate much upon their loyalty to such a sovereign as Ferdinand the Seventh , who had voluntarily thrown himself into the hands of the enemy , and might be said to have resigned his crown . If he saw the crown and the altar surrounded with equal laws , and if he saw the spirit of liberty the animating principle and bond of union among Spaniards , then he should not despair of that country . He believed that was the principle which dictated the heroic resistance of Gerona and Saragossa . The exertions which the patriots of Saragossa made was not without its reward . As long as the Ebro should traverse the province of Arragon , so long would the immortal fame of the heroes of Saragossa adorn the history of the country . He was not , however , for deserting the Spaniards altogether . He would wish to send them every thing we could assist them with , except a British army . Upon all the grounds he had stated , he felt bound from a sense of his duty to second the amendment of his noble friend . passed a high encomium on the eloquent display of talent , which had been made by the hon . gent . who spoke last . It was the first time that gentleman had spoken in the House , but he had evinced an ability and energy 285 which reflected the highest credit on his acquirements . He , however , could not help expressing his regret , that he should have chosen a subject so ill calculated to place these abilities in an eminent point of view , and have entered into a censure on a noble lord , whose services to his country had been so brilliant and so universally admitted . The hon . gent . had inveighed against the accusation of being guided merely by party feelings in forming his opinions , yet , through the whole course of his argument he had not adduced a single circumstance , nor assigned any just ground on which opposition could be fairly made to the Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington . It had been also urged , that the whole conduct of ministers had been disgraceful and impolitic . He could not see upon what basis such a charge could be founded , except from party considerations . What had been their conduct with respect to Spain ? They saw a free people struggling for their liberty , and with an alacrity which conferred on them the highest credit , they endeavoured to supply those requisites which were necessary to promote their success ; they wanted a military commander—one was sent ; they wanted troops—troops were sent ; they