a nature more immediately growing out of that system to which he had alluded , and more directly to be traced to that bad source than any of the rest . He alluded to the treatment which his Majesty had been advised to give the first corporation in the empire . How , he asked them , could they otherwise account for that wild and preposterous policy , that could affect to rind wisdom in an insult , inflicted by the crown on the corporation of the city of London . Did it not look as if it was essential to the preservation of that fatal system , to throw obstacles in the way of communication between the people and the throne ? It naturally revolted at all means of facilitating the growth of that confidence between the King and his subjects , which of all other national blessings it had most reason to dread , and therefore was it urged , by the all-paramount motive of self-preservation , to keep wide asunder , to alienate the two parties , net withstanding their common interests ; because it , well knew , that the fair , cordial , conciliatory , and constitutional commerce between both must precede its own radical extermination . It was to such a system that the insult given to the right of petition and remonstrance , was to be fairly traced ; that system , he did not hesitate to say , owed its birth , and growth , and maturity , to the corrupt state of that assembly ; for if ministers were not fully aware to what length they might safely go , and how readily they would be borne out in their most extravagant criminali- 116 ties , by the more extravagant servility of that assembly , was it to be believed that they would have had the temerity to advise the King to call in question the most valued privilege of the people of England , by such an insult as had recently been past upon the metropolis of the empire ? The first and most respectable of all the corporations , the city of London , in bad times treated with respect , and , in the worst of times , never insulted with impunity : a corporation , not to say politically , but integrally , the first in the King 's dominions ; whether they considered the liberality of principle , the high honour , the rigid integrity , the immense wealth , the commercial influence , the great weight of political interest , which had so long constituted the inseparable characteristics of that body , and which , in the present times , distinguished so many of its members ; to insult such a body , in regard to the disputed exercise of their long established corporate privileges , was to insult the whole people of this country . Was it not an unwise thing to engage his Majesty in an indecent struggle with such an important portion of his subjects ? He knew of no more dignified prerogative to be exercised by the King , than that of admitting to his presence the loyal effusions of his people . Even William the Conqueror respected the privileges of the city of London ; and William 3 , evinced for them that sacred respect that was worthy such good privileges , and worthy of the good times of that Revolution , that more firmly established them . We knew that such formerly was the merited influence of this corporation , that the Convention Parliament thought the weight of the sanction of the city of London absolutely necessary to its existence . A body of such absolute and relative importance ought not to have been treated with levity , much less with insult . It was not long since an occurrence had taken place , which , by the interposition of that House , proved that the King himself could not turn aside or stop up a common bye-path in his own demesne . The question was brought to the test—He could not do it . If then , the