this tardy communication or instruction upon that important subject , it must be supposed that no delay was suffered to take place in following it up with further communications . Yet , no ! The next dispatch , for no answer appeared to have been given to the former one , was dated as he found by the papers , on the 28th of February following . In that the right hon . secretary said `` that as nothing had been received from Mr. Villiers on the subject of the Portuguese levies , and as no bills had come to this country on that account , it would be premature to say any thing upon that head . '' Their lordships would observe , that though the instructions had been sent out as early as the 22d of November 1808 no answer had been returned so late as the 28th of Feb. 1809 , when the late secretary of state found it . necessary to send out the dispatch from which he quoted the passage he had just read . If it could be urged as matter of charge against a minister employed as Mr. Villiers was , that he had deferred replying to an instruction on so important a 519 point , one should suppose that his language Would be , that such a charge was a gross calumny , and that he had anxiously , from week to week , or from month to month , returned answers to his government at home , upon so interesting a subject . The first dispatch , however , from that gentleman was dated the 16th of December following . The whole of the important interval was suffered to elapse , without any effort having been made to promote a feeling of national honour ; to create the means of assisting Spain ; to raise the spirit , or re-establish the character of the Portuguese nation . His noble friend having been since called to the councils of his Majesty , had officially written the remaining document . It became the duty of his noble friend , upon entering upon his official functions , to consult the records of his office for such information as would enable him to give sound advice to his Majesty on the general conduct of his affairs . No question he was persuaded could be considered of more importance , than the question whether a British army should be employed in Portugal . His noble friend had stated , that it was not only necessary to employ a British force , and the native force to be maintained by the proposed subsidy , but also a Portuguese force , to be kept up at the expence of the Portuguese government , in that country . But , though a British minister had been nearly two years in Portugal , the noble secretary did not find in his office any information upon this subject . His noble friend , therefore was obliged to send a dispatch to Mr. Villiers , dated January 5 , calling upon him for information in the following words : `` you will therefore transmit to me , without delay , such information as you can collect , as well with respect to the state of the British army as that of the Portuguese force . '' So that in fact , the British minister was at this moment in complete ignorance of the state of that army which was to be relied on to defend Portugal . Whether any answer had been received to this dispatch he did not know ; and , though sufficient time had elapsed to allow an answer to arrive from a place only four days sail from this country , he could only say , that there appeared no answer to it in the papers upon their lordships ' table . If any answer had been returned to that dispatch , it should have been laid before their lordships , because it was essentially necessary that before their lordships agreed to the proposition for subsidizing a Portuguese 520 force , they should be acquainted with the state