a tender in Ireland as in England , '' not simply a legal tender . As to what the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Foster ) had said , his whole argument was founded on a misconception . When he proposed to call in the coin , he did not intend that it should be done until new coin was prepared to supply its place . As to what had been objected against the assimilation of the coin , & c. as inadequate to keep down the exchange , they would find that it had succeeded in Scotland ; and with respect to the objection of time , the present state of exchange , as he had said before , rendered it peculiarly appropriate . repeated his objections to the bill , on the ground of the pledge which had been given to the country in a former bill , which pledge the adoption of the present bill would forfeit . replied , that no such pledge had ever been given . As the best proof of this , he observed that he had introduced into the present bill words precisely similar to those in the bill alluded to by the noble lord , without the least intention that those words should carry with them any thing like a pledge . He should not consider it consistent with his public duty to make a proposition which should so tie up the future discretion of parliament . 92 The house then resolved itself into the committee . A long discussion ensued on the first clause . Mr. Giles and Mr. Windham contended that it was absurd to provide for supplying a deficiency in the Militia to the extent stated in the bill , without the possibility of previously knowing whether or not the volunteering into the line would be so complete as to occasion that deficiency . was by no means satisfied that the different militia regiments would furnish the quotas required from them for the line ; without speaking positively as to the fact in general , he knew one regiment which failed in furnishing its quota . could see no difficulty in disposing of the supernumeraries in the Militia , even should it turn out , which he did not think it would , that the volunteering into the line would not be so extensive as the present bill anticipated . They might be added to the existing companies , or formed into additional companies . observed , that in a regiment which he had the honour to command , the quota to be furnished by the bill would not even supply the deficiencies occasioned by the volunteering , for the latter amounted to 550 , while the former did not exceed 531 men.—The clause was eventually agreed to . opposed the ballot , as productive of great mischiefs . defended the introduction of it in the bill before the committee . He had been induced to extend the period before which the ballot was not to be resorted to , from six to twelve months ; but he was completely of opinion , that if in the latter time the number of men required were not furnished by means of recruiting , it would be unwise not to secure them by other means . ridiculed the expectation that the recruiting could proceed successfully with a small bounty , while the men willing to enlist had in prospect the period when the operation of the ballot would necessarily cause a great augmentation of bounty . The argument of the noble lord was , as if he should say to such men . `` Come , come , my lads , make haste , take 12 guineas , for if you do n't , you will be very soon compelled to take 40 . `` — ( A laugh . ) —Nothing could be more unfounded than the hopes that under circumstances like these the recruiting would flourish . objected to this as the worst possible mode of recruiting the army , and by no means to be compared to recruiting by the officers of government .