public men , whatever opinion he might entertain on that subject . spoke with great animation in reprobation of the motion . He considered it as unjust and ridiculous . Were honourable gentlemen so ignorant of the history of their country , of the forms and privileges of that house , in which they had the honour to sit , as to encourage a motion so unjust and unprecedented ? Every man who was conversant in the pro- 390 ceedings of the house , who had the smallest ideas of justice , of liberty , of the laws under which he lives , must give to it his decided negative , and not allow a refuge to this unjust , this ridiculous motion . , noticing the observation , that attempts were made to throw a slur on the conduct of persons attending public meetings , said , that if the speeches attributed to particular persons were literally so , they went near to destroy what was the most desirable of all things in the present state of the country ; he meant the unanimity of the public mind ; and tended to more mischief than all their authors could retrieve , if they lived to sit in the house for a hundred years to come . He would give his feeble assistance to the prevention of real abuses , but not to those general attacks of abuses , never known as such till these pure days . These public meetings could only do mischief . He did not impute improper motives to individuals , but as to voting public thanks to a gentleman for his patriotism , he would as soon vote them to Mrs. Clarke for her virtue . ( A laugh . Hear ! hear ! ) He would not be deterred from his opinions by the sentiments of any set of people . The expressions he had heard imputed to an hon . gent . did him no credit as an Englishman . He hoped always to see respectable persons opposing government . They were the guardians of the public interest ; but there was a power behind those benches ( the opposition benches ) greater than those benches themselves . That power looked not to parliament , but to a faction who would get rid of all parties , and represent themselves to the country as the concentrated essence of political purity . ( Hear ! ) The hon . baronet opposite ( sir Francis Burdett ) with whom he was once in friendship , acted , he believed , honestly and conscientiously in public life , or else his nature must have changed since he knew him ; but his political proceedings had his total dissent , and he trembled at the consequence of his enthusiastic conduct . had never heard of such charges , unsupported by proofs , as were made from the opposite side of the house . The benches below him were , it seemed , the guards of the public purse . What then , became of ministers , and of all the rest of the house ? The most severe remarks had been introduced upon public meetings . He had happened to attend at one of them for the specific purpose of celebrating , in common with all the na- 391 tion , the conduct of that minority of 125 , of which one gentleman in particular was the leader . The nation had expressed its sentiment of that minority in a strong and audible voice , and he thought that gentlemen ought not to hesitate to treat that voice with respect , though an honourable member might charge such celebrations as attempts to create contusion . The object of the meeting he attended was definite and honourable . He did not go to the Crown and Anchor , for reasons similar to those already stated ( by Mr. Whitbread ) . If the house adopted a moderate and just Reform , he believed that the public meetings would be fewer , and less alarming to government . They were the natural consequences of the misconduct of the house