any of those factious arts which raised that murderous cry , to which ( he right hon . and learned gent . owes his office , and to which those who now cry 'hear him ! ' are indebted for their places . '' That right hon . gent . also hated meetings at taverns , and yet he did not hesitate to defend his right hon . colleague for having attended a tavern meeting , and there most indecently and unconstitutionally declaring the sentiments of ministers on questions of a public nature put to him by the chairman.—Mr . Whitbread then said , there were some who held at present official situations , who , he should think , might severally be dispensed with from a seat in that house . One was the right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Rose ) , whom he was afraid , he must agree to part with ; not because he was Treasurer of the Navy , but as clerk of the house of lords . The right hon . gent . was liable to be called away by the lords , and therefore , rather than he should be taken from them at a time when they might not wish to part with him , he thought it would be best to provide that the clerk of the parliament should not sit in the house . He thought the Masters in Chancery should also be excluded , and he was not clear whether it was proper for the Master of the Rolls to have a seat in parliament . He adverted to the statute of queen Anne , by which all officers in the administration were to be put out of the house , and to the statute of George I , by which pensioners for years were disqualified , and said , that by Mr. Burke 's Bill , the third Secretary of State was excluded from a seat . It might be practically be- 957 neficial to diminish the seats of officers of government in that house , not in order to diminish the talents in the house , but to take away a dead weight from it . He viewed this measure in a different light from the hon . baronet . It was true , indeed , it was but a palliative , in comparison of a reformation in the house of commons ; but if that was not to be obtained such a palliative was better than nothing . The hon . member then expressed himself a decided friend to a temperate and constitutional Reform of the house of commons , carried into effect by the house itself . To lead to that successful result , the whole country must , in a temperate and firm manner , express its wishes . The experience that recent circumstances afforded , of almost the highest power in the country yielding to its unanimous feeling , must , in a similar case , ensure the success of the cause of Reform . The great danger to be apprehended was from any precipitancy in pressing the question , and thus by the people 's own conduct throwing themselves into the power of their opponents . He strongly recommended the people not to fall into such a snare , as the royalists did , who , when seeing Oliver Cromwell on an opposite hill , prematurely rushed forward to promote his object , crying out , that the Lord had delivered him into their hand . Strangers were , ordered to withdraw . The house then divided , and the numbers were— For the Motion 54 Against it 113 Majority against it 59 called the attention of the Committee to the Sinecure Offices attached to the courts of law , which he stated to amount to 26,000l . per annum , which sum was sufficient to provide for the proposed increase of the Judges ' Salaries , and so it ought to be applied . The hon . gent . took notice of the Registership of the Admiralty , and the balances retained in the hands of