or authority of the persons , who have been found to practise them.—Nobody pretends to say , that fraud , falsehood , theft , robbery , the whole list of crimes by which society is disfigured and injured , though coeval and co-extensive with society itself , are for that reason less crimes , or less call for reprobation and punishment , than they did at their first appearance in the world . There are innumerable offences and depravities , which no authority can sanction , or support , but which will to the end of time pull down the character and reputation of all those , be they who they may , who shall be found to have been guilty of them . What we are to inquire is , whether the acts now meant to be proceeded against , are of that sort ? whether they are like many others , acts which those who commit them know at the time to be wrong , though under the impulse of strong temptation they may not have the virtue to abstain from them ; which degrade the person in his own opinion , and would , if known , degrade him in that of others ; which he is compelled to condemn in the very moment he yields to them ; which are attended in the first instance with injury to others ; or , at least , tend to weaken the authority and observance of some rule , which the interests of society require to be upheld ? —Let us consider how the matter stands in respect to the nature and description of the fact . 738 Let us open the pleadings by stating the case . A minister in the time of Geo . I. or queen Anne , or king William , has a friend come to him , at the moment of a general election , who says , ' I have a great interest in the Borough of such a place . I have a large property , I have laid out a great deal of money , there ; I have obliged in various ways , numbers of the voters and their connections ; many are dependent on me , many look up to me for favours that they have received , or favours they expect . In short , I may venture to say , that I can bring in both members . One of the seats I must reserve for my son ; but for the other I shall be very happy to take by the hand any one whom you will recommend . I have been always , as you know , warmly attached to you and your friends ; and anxious to give every support in my power to a set of men , whom I have always acted with in and out of office , and whom I rejoice to see in their present situations , because I think them in my conscience the fittest men to whom the interests of the country can be entrusted : I want nothing for myself , and should be very glad to offer this seat to your friend free of all expence ; but the sums which I have been obliged to lay out in cultivating this interest ; the property which I have been obliged to purchase , on terms yielding but a very inadequate return in point of income ; the heavy charges incurred in supporting the rights of the freemen in the two last contests , joined to the probable expence of the present election , will oblige me , towards replacing in part what these will have cost me , to require a sum to such and such an amount , from the friend , whoever he is , whom you shall recommend . ' The minister says , ' I am exceedingly obliged to you : nothing could come more opportunely : I have at this moment , a young man , the son of our friend lord such a one , for whom I am most anxious to procure the means of his getting into