was 162 there a more effectual diversion . The French ruler had been obliged to abandon his preconcerted project on the South ; and to that diversion were to be ascribed all the successes that had since it taken place in Spain . Nor was the moral effect of thus reanimating the spirits of the nation to be wholly laid out of consideration . But if the noble lord wanted further testimony of the result of this forward movement , sir John Moore himself said , that the movement as a diversion had completely and effectually succeeded . Nor , in considering the means of taking advantage of a diversion of this kind , was the nature of the country itself to be overlooked . Its mountains were well adapted for breaking and dispersing the movements of immense armies over the surface of the country , while they were at the same time secure retreats for nursing to maturity that inferiority of force and discipline which must expose the natives in any pitched action on a plain with a French army , to say nothing of the superiority of the enemy both in cavalry and artillery . After the retreat had been finally determined on by sir John Moore , government having been informed that Vigo was the most conveniently circumstanced port for embarking the army , had ordered the transports and victuallers there ; but in the course of the retreat sir John Moore had met with sufficient and good reasons to induce him to alter his line of march , and fall back on Corunna instead of Vigo . For this proceeding there was not the slightest blame imputable to that officer , but neither did it follow in this instance , that because he was blameless his majesty 's ministers were culpable . The transports were countermanded from Vigo to Corunna as speedily as it was possible . With respect to the termination of that retreat in the splendid action at Corunna , he should now say nothing , but the signal display of British valour upon that occasion would not speedily be forgotten by the enemy . Much had been said by the noble lord as to the squandering of British blood , and the waste of British valour . He was prepared to say , that , taking the extent of the exertion ( to say nothing of the success ) , and comparing the loss upon that occasion with the losses sustained at the Helder , at Egypt—comparing here to the extent of the exertions , that it would be found , that the loss in this instance had been comparatively small ; the casual the of the army 163 were included in his view of the loss , and they amounted to three or four thousand men , besides the unavoidable loss in two general actions ; and they were not to forget their comparative deficiency in the commissariat , considering the superior means of the enemy in this department , from their superior experience , arising out of eighteen years continued warfare.—The noble earl concluded his speech in the following terms : `` Having gone through the several points adverted to by the noble lord , I wish now to consider what has been the event of the campaign.—By it we have gained the possession of the Russian fleet , while our own has been relieved from the tediousness and difficulties of a blockade ; we have materially assisted the cause we undertook to support ; and I maintain , whatever may be the final result of the contest we are engaged in , France has not yet succeeded in subduing Spain . I admit Buonaparté has 200,000 men in that country , that his troops are of the bravest , and his generals among the most skilful in the world ; and , above all , that he has been himself at their head ; and yet , with all this , he has not got possession of more territory than he had last year ; on the contrary , he only holds such parts as in every war fell to