`` Your Committee can not entertain a doubt of the practicability of what they recommend , '' [ That the Bank of Ireland should pay their notes in Bank of England paper , or in bills of fixed rates on London ] , `` nor that it ought 83 to have the sure effect of reducing exchange to par . In case of such event , they would also strongly urge the doing away the name of exchange , and putting an end to its calculation , by equalizing the monies of account and monies of circulation in both countries , and the fixing the future interchange by bills , at a stated number of days , adequate to defray the expence of remitting at all times , so as fully to adopt the same practice which prevails between Edinburgh and London , and between Liverpool and London . '' And then they go onto say , `` Before your Committee quit the subject of exchange , they wish to observe , that if their enquiries have failed in enabling them to propose any effectual remedy , still a remedy ought to be sought for by the wisdom of the house , for that a great country , now placed as Ireland is under the same legislature with England , forming a constituent part of the united empire equally as England , or any county in England does , its metropolis , not so distant from London as any part of Scotland , Newcastle , Carlisle or Durham , should labour in its pecuniary intercourse with England , under a constant varying exchange , which the others are free from , is a portion so strange that your Committee can not believe it to be founded in the common nature of things . `` —But , Sir , I can yet refer to a still better authority in support of the policy of assimilating the currencies . I mean to the precedent—the proceedings relative to the Coin of England and Scotland at the time of the Union afford . At that period there existed a difference between the currencies of these countries exactly similar to the difference between those of England and Ireland ; the English shilling being then current in Scotland for 13 Scotch pence , and the rates of exchange feeing 11 to 12 per cent . against Scotland . Those who were concerned in drawing up the terms of the Scotch Union were so fully impressed of the advantage which would attend the getting rid of this difference in the currencies , and of this unfavourable exchange , that they framed a specific article for the purpose . The 16th Article , declaring , `` That from and after the Union , the Coin shall be of the same standard and value throughout the United Kingdom as now in England . '' It is mentioned , Sir , by De Foe , in his History of the Union , that measures were so taken that no inconvenience whatever attended the assimilation of the currencies , and that the rates of exchange , which before were 11 or 12 per 84 cent . to the disadvantage of Scotland , immediately came to par . A circumstance , Sir , which is most strongly illustrative of the accuracy of those arguments which I have advanced concerning the exchange between England and Ireland.—I have now , Sir , stated to the house what appears to me to be conclusive proof of the policy of this measure of assimilation . I do not think that any arguments ever were advanced on any subject so completely borne out by authority and precedent as those which I have submitted to your consideration . The Committee to whose Report I have referred , consisted of persons perfectly well qualified to perform the task imposed upon them ; and nothing can be more in point than what took place at the time of the Scotch Union . I shall next proceed to state the Plan , which upon the fullest consideration , appears to me to be the best calculated to accomplish this measure .