commission and interest charged on bills drawn at Bristol , Liverpool , & c. on London , not being considered in the nature of an exchange . 77 sell in Dublin for 108l . 6s . 8d . This exchange , except when influenced by some temporary and very particular occurrences , fluctuates from one to two per cent . above and below par . It was , in 1804 , so high as nine per cent . in favour of London ; but , in the last two months it has been two per cent . in favour of Dublin . Fluctuations of this sort are attended with great inconveniences to trade , and considerable loss to individuals , who have occasion to make large remittances of money from one country to the other . They have been attributed to various causes . Some persons have said that the remittances of rents to absentee proprietors ; others , that the balance of trade ; and others , that the depreciation of the currency of Ireland , were the circumstances that occasioned them . I am , sir , of opinion , that the doctrine which lays it down that remittances of rents give rise to them , is not tenable : because , as these rents are annually and constantly remitted the rates of exchange would be constantly unfavourable ; whereas the fact proves the contrary , the exchange being more frequently in favour of Ireland than in favour of England . The balance of trade is not a good criterion to go by , for two reasons ; first , because in the Customhouse statements , from which the balance is taken , no entry is ever made of the quantity of money imported and exported , though money , in its true character , is as much a commodity of trade as any other article : secondly , because in calculations of this kind no allowance is made for any alterations which may occasionally take place in the value of the currencies of the respective countries carrying on the trade in question ; though every variation in the value of them will have its effect upon the rates of exchange , and sometimes render an exchange nominally unfavourable , though in reality it may be quite the Contrary . The opinion which I entertain upon the subject of these fluctuations in the rates of exchange is this , that whenever they are very great , and that the rates of exchange continue for any time very unusually high against one country and in favour of the other , there has been some great depreciation in the value of the currency of that country to which the exchange is unfavourable . This was proved to be the case , in respect to Ireland , in 1804 . But , if it is desired to explain upon what circumstance the ordinary fluctuations depend , then I should say , that the best 78 explanation to be given is the usual one , that they depend upon the proportion which the supply of bills of exchange in the market bears to the demand for them , and that if a more radical explanation is sought for , the attempt to discover one will altogether fail . In order , therefore , to do away these fluctuations in the rates of exchange , it is necessary to do away all fluctuations in this proportion which the supply bears to the demand for bills of exchange . But as this is impracticable , then we are to consider what the functions are of bills of exchange , and endeavour to attain some other thing possessing their properties . The peculiar characteristic of them is the facility which they afford in making remittances of money from one country to another ; but of this quality bank paper is equally possessed , if it has currency in both countries ; for so soon as the bank paper of one country is current in the other , or can be converted into paper there current , then a person wishing to remit can do so