; and if they were to 736 state to the people that what they called corruptions were not corruptions , they would contribute largely to the dissolution of those moral principles throughout the whole nation . They should consider , that they were placed in a high sphere to set an example to the rest of the world , to stamp that character which was to pervade the community , and to give society its complexion ; they should consider this , and this should render them cautious of recognising any principle or setting any example injurious to the cause of virtue . He was always a friend to a moderate and temperate reform ; in his younger days he espoused it : though older now , and consequently more cautious , he could see no reason to doubt the propriety of that former opinion , or why reform should not now take place . He hoped that there would be no violent proceedings adopted upon either side . That axiom appeared to be right which said , that `` moderate counsels were always the best . '' Let the gentlemen opposite beware , how , in their avidity to resist reform , they entrenched themselves within a circle of abuses ; and let those upon his side take heed , how , in their eagerness to effect it , they disparaged the constitution under which they enjoyed such blessings.—It was the peculiar nature of a free government to adapt itself to the circumstances of the times ; circumstances had been changed by late occurrences , and there should be a correspondent alteration in the Government , to meet that of the circumstances of the times . Let us advance , but let us advance with caution ; let us not be called upon to stand still , nor let us libel the constitution so far as to say that it is necessary to its preservation , that we should cherish its radical defects . rose and said : —Sir ; I am well satisfied to have heard , before I address you , the speeches of the two hon . gentlemen who have last sat down , as those speeches will have helped to recall our attention to the question more immediately before us , from which the speech of the hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) had in some measure led us away , though not to any topics , which I mean to describe , or which I wish the house to consider , as unconnected with the subject . Those topics are indeed most closely connected with it , as they are in themselves also of a nature and character , to which I must not fail hereafter to advert , and with which the house will I hope be duly impressed . 737 In the mean while , I must fairly profess , that upon the subject of the question immediately submitted to us , I have found no reason from any thing that I have heard to night , or upon other occasions , or that my own reflections or inquiries have furnished , to alter the opinions with which I took the liberty of troubling the house on the night on which it was first brought forward . I equally think it a measure , ill-timed , injudicious , founded upon false views , false facts , and false assumptions , calculated to produce no good in the first instance , and liable and likely to lead to the most serious mischiefs in future . The whole measure rests first upon an assumption , which , in the sense in which it is used , and the extent to which it is carried , I utterly deny , namely , that the transactions in question are corrupt ; and secondly , upon a position , which is true indeed , but of no effect or operation without the other , namely , that acts criminal and abusive in themselves , can not be protected by the length of time that they have been suffered to prevail , or by the number