an inquiry . said , that the house would have to discuss every bill on its own merits . If the clause in question should be rejected , than the lords themselves , would have to consider whether they would sacrifice the principle or the views of the parties . The inconvenience rested with the lords themselves , and not with this house . observed , that while this was confined to bills originating in the house of lords , he saw no objection to it . Both houses had a right to regulate its own proceedings . But these bills might originate in this house ; and the words of the order were , that the lords would not entertain any bill without such a clause . It was possible , therefore , that they might apply to bills sent from this house . For this reason he would vote for the motion . contended , that the spirit of the order must be , that the lords would not in any way entertain a bill of Divorce without such a clause . To prove this , he quoted the rules with respect to Naturalization Bills . If it could be supposed that this was the meaning of the order , then it was a most serious measure , and ought to be examined . The difficulty on this house would be extreme , as they would be called upon in every particular case , to beware , because , if they rejected this clause the bill would be thrown out . He was surprised at the objection of his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The object was to see what the order was . At present it appeared to be an attempt 615 by the house of lords to legislate on an important point , without the concurrence of the other branches . The house was highly obliged to the noble lord who was so careful of its privileges , when by the course of nature he had a prospect of spending so great a portion of his life in the other house . deprecated the injury to which individual parties might be subject by a difference of opinion between the two houses of parliament on an abstract question . With a view of giving an opportunity for an assimilation of their sentiments , he should vote for the motion of the noble lord . observed , that although the lords , by their Standing Order , declared that they would not receive a Divorce Bill without a clause to prevent the guilty parties from intermarrying , they had not declared that they would not receive such a bill from the house of commons . It was fairly to be presumed that they meant to confine the influence of their Order to bills originating in their own house . Conceiving that the noble lord had not made out any breach of the privileges of the house , as having been attempted by the lords , he should give his negative to the motion . could not conceive that the lords would have been so foolish as to make a Standing Order without intending that it should have its effect . That purposed effect appeared to him evidently to be , that no Divorce Bill should pass them without such a clause as the one alluded to . If , however , their object were confined to prevent the introduction merely of a Divorce Bill , without the clause in question , till he conceived that the step taken by them was highly objectionable . Adverting to the principle of the standing order itself , he expressed his disapprobation of it , and his conviction that it would not contribute to the cause of morality . supposed that the hon . and learned gentleman would not have brought forward a proposition of this nature without having some good end in view ; although he professed himself perfectly at a loss to comprehend his meaning , and requested he would have the goodness , for the benefit of himself and his friends near him ,