calculated to carry the people through a long and difficult contest . Certainly , it was the existence of such a spirit alone that could warrant his majesty 's ministers in risking in Spain , so large a proportion of the disposable forces of this country.—But let it be considered , what was the situation of affairs at the beginning of the contest . Early in July , you have gen. Dupont defeated ; towards the latter end of July , Joseph Buonaparté retired , and it was not till November following , that the trench armies received any reinforcements . At the time the French were concentrated behind the Ebro , their force did not amount to more than 45,000 men . If we have these facts as existing at the first insurrection , we have also the proof , that the whole of the period during which the French force was there , there was a fatal inaction on the part of his majesty 's ministers , as well as of those who had the conduct of the affairs of Spain , which suffered the French to remain there unmolested until they had received the reinforcements they expected . Now this must have arisen from one of two causes ; either that there was not that persevering spirit in existence in Spain , or that these being the elements of that spirit , there was not a government capable of giving a proper direction to it ; and , whichever of these two views you take , in neither case is the conduct of his majesty 's ministers exempt from blame . Either they had information or they had not . If they had not , they stand charged with culpable negligence ; and if they had information , and held out hopes which that information did not justify , they stand , in a much higher degree , responsible to the public for their conduct . I have already said , it was not a sudden ebullition that should have led us to depart from those principles of œconomy I have so often recommended . His majesty 's ministers should have been satisfied , not only of the existence of a proper spirit in the people , but that there was a government in that country which had acquired sufficient authority to give it the necessary energy . If neither of these things existed , or if the one existed without the other , it was the very acme of madness in his majesty 's ministers , under such circumstances , to lavish as they have done the resources of this country . If there was a spirit in the 129 people , though acting under the disadvantage of not having a proper spirit in the government , I do not say that assistance should have been wholly withheld ; but we certainly should not have sent an army where we had not the necessary means to afford supplies to that army , or effectual assistance to those it was intended to protect : we ought rather to have given our assistance by money , and by the well-applied exertions of our naval force on the coast of Spain . Unless both these circumstances were united ; unless , according to the best information , there were good grounds for believing there was a persevering spirit in the Spanish nation , and a spirit in the government to give it a proper direction , the government of this country should not have hazarded a British army there.—Now let us consider what his majesty 's ministers have done . It maybe said , that , though there was not in the first instance a Central government to direct the energies of the people of Spain ; yet , every body must be convinced of the necessity of giving effect by our means lo their exertions . It may be said there were proofs of the existence of a considerable spirit of enthusiasm , and with those proofs it may be asked , would you wait till that spirit had subsided , without taking any measures for its support