to confirm his statement . The infirmary , which did not in fact occupy one-tenth of the ground purchased professedly for the use of the hospital , would , he must contend , be entirely precluded from the free air of the river by the projected buildings of col. Gordon , who occupied the remainder of this ground . In fact , col. Gordon 's was by far the superior part of the ground , and that upon which the infirmary was built appeared quite clamp and cold , and it must be rendered more so , if col. Gordon should be suffered to proceed . observed , that there was a special provision in the lease granted to col. Gordon , that he should not build or plant in any way to inconvenience the infirmary . So that particular care was taken to guard against such evil as the hon . baronet had alledged to exist . generally supported the argument and statement of Mr. Long , and stated further , that the plan of the infirmary had been transmitted to the Treasury by the governors , physician , and surveyor , and they had fixed on the spot as the most convenient and best situation . Whether they were as well able to judge and determine on that head , as the hon . hart , and the hon . seconder of the motion , he would not determine . The hon . baronet had mentioned the corner in which they were cooped up as not a twentieth part of the ground granted to col. Gordon . Now , the surveyors had on oath valued the land for the infirmary at 6,000l . and on the same oath the laud of col. Gordon was only valued at 52l . a year . Col. Gordon having been informed by sir David Dundas , perhaps , or some other officer of Chelsea Hospital , that the land in question was to be let for building on , had offered the terms of the valuation , and if the hon . baronet had applied and offered more than 38 any other , he would have had it . The Treasury had been cautious that no house should be built so as to annoy Chelsea Hospital , and a particular instruction had been given on that head to the surveyor-general . The provision papers , he said , would embrace all the particulars relating to this ground , from the time of the purchase to the period of the grant to col. Gordon ; and when they were produced , the hon . baronet would have no occasion to make his motion , or to call the surveyor or surgeon to the bar of that house . wished to be informed why it was , that , when a subsisting interest had been bought up with public money , that part , of the land , which was not deemed necessary for the use of Chelsea Hospital , had been transferred to the crown lands , and not to the funds of the hospital , in as much as the lands had been originally granted for ever by the crown to the trustees of that institution ? informed the hon . baronet , that the land in question , though part of the Chelsea estate , from which the grant had been made by the crown to the Chelsea Hospital , had never been granted to that institution . A lease had been granted by the crown of this land to sir Robert Walpole , and it was the residue of the term so granted that had been bought up with the public money . That part , however , of the land , which was thought necessary for the Infirmary for the hospital , had been purchased to be transferred to the use of the hospital . observed , that any mistake he might have fallen into had arisen from the imperfect statement of the hon . gent . himself . maintained , that the hon . baronet had no ground for the observation , that it was in consequence of