a measure which was to rescue so many hundreds of unfortunate and meritorious men from a rigorous imprisonment , which could answer no other end than to gratify the vindictive spirit of persecuting creditors ; and thereby restore them to society , and to the means of industry for the support of their families ; for the bill did pot propose to relieve any fraudulent debtor . rose to make his promised motion and observed , that as the circumstances of Mr. Palmer 's case must be so well known to the house , he should not take up their time by entering into a detail upon that subject ; in consequence of being disappointed in the expectations he had formed from the votes of the house last session , as to the final decisions of his claims before parliament , Mr. Palmer had now resorted to what appeared to be the only method of obtaining that justice , to which , in common with every other subject of this kingdom , he conceived himself entitled . Previous to submitting the present motion , his first object had been to ascertain that it 697 was regular in point of form , and then how far it was liable to objections , to which every question was more or less open ; with respect to the one , sanctioned by authority from the chair , he could have no doubt there ; and upon the other point , as far as he could flatter himself , from the general sentiments he had heard expressed , even by those whose opinions were unfavourable to the claims , he had little to apprehend ; he confessed he had heard some objections , or rather what had been suggested to him as likely to be stated as such . It might be argued that there was no precedent for adopting such a motion.—The mere argument of there being no precedent could not , he thought , be dwelt on ; for by the same rule , no precedent would ever have been established in the house , in the first instance , for want of a precedent to authorise it ; but there were many precedents , where government had not availed themselves of their exemption from a legal process , but had allowed individuals , with whom they were at issue , to bring their cause into a court of law , and had abided by the decision . The only difference between these cases and Mr. Palmer 's was , that the latter had already been taken into consideration by parliament : had it decided against the claims , it might have been objected to allow the cause to be tried again in an inferior court , but one or two assertions must be admitted , either that the cause has been decided upon in Mr. Palmer 's favour , or that it has not been decided upon at all . If in his favour , it was for parliament to carry such decision into effect ; if not decided upon , Mr. Palmer 's case was in the same situation as others , with the additional plea , that he had absolutely no other appeal left . Yet it might be contended , that these cases were not in point , in as much as government had there , used their own discretion , and the reference to a court of law had been optional on their part ; but that in Mr. Palmer 's case , they had not consented , and the motion would compel them to that , which , by law , they were not bound to . This he admitted ; but surely if in some instances government dispensed with their privilege , and allowed actions to be brought against them , it was competent for the house to recommend it in others . But he contended , that government were not justified in refusing it in any instance ; the intention of the law was simply to protect public officers from being personally responsible 698 for public contracts ; it never meant that the individuals