some such act . He objected that there was no provision made for the punishment of a person who purchased a seat for another , without any emolument to himself . did not disapprove of the honourable and legitimate application of money to procure seats ; but corruption he disapproved of as much as any man . If that species of influence was excluded , another would be substituted in its place , perhaps not more advantageous to the country . They who promised to take off taxes ; they who resorted to large professions , and the arts of popular eloquence , would succeed , if the influence of property were destroyed . He had no hesitation in stating , in his place , that if the government was what many gentlemen contended for , in theory , it would be the most impracticable form that ever was attempted . If mankind were so formed as to be adapted to it , they would require no government at all . Without a system of influence , no government could exist . There was a distinction between public 903 and private questions , which rendered a jury far more competent to decide in the latter than in the former case . Their passions and prejudices were not called into action to the same degree . He concluded with inculcating the necessity of distinguishing between corruption and influence . did not understand the meaning of an honourable and legitimate application of money to procure seats in parliament . With respect to the immediate question , he saw no inconvenience that could result from committing the question of implication to a jury . He thought there were too many words about the bill , and wished to see it include every description of undue influence . thought the bill in its original state better than at that moment . They ought to leave the operation of the law on the word `` agreement , '' which was perfectly understood , whether tried by a Committee of that house or by a jury . said , he would wish to leave out both the words `` express '' and `` implied . '' thought this clause was meeting an evil in the way in which it did not exist . If they added to the penalty by making it heavier , or by making it a forfeiture of the office , he thought it would do . said , that leaving out the words `` express , '' or `` implied , '' might relieve the debate on that clause ; but he must insist on the word `` express '' being in the other clause respecting offices . moved as an amendment , That the member proved guilty of corruptly procuring his election , should not only be disqualified from sitting in parliament for the particular place where the act was committed , but that he should be excluded from the whole of that parliament . expressed his opinion that some oath was necessary , but objected to the original oath in the bill us being too ab- 904 stract , and not going into detail . He then , proposed an amendment , an oath , specifying more particularly the abjurations . contended that all the objections to which the former oath was liable , weighed equally against the one now proposed . denied that this oath would be conscientiously taken by any one who had contracted for his seat . defended the amended oath , and remarked that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , though he blamed all other oaths , proposed none of his own . argued in favour of some oath , but still thought , even if the oath was left out , that by this measure a seed was sown , whose beneficial fruits would be extensive . contended for the necessity of an oath , but did not wish one to be included in the bill , unless the penalties of perjury were attached to it . had no objection that the penalties of perjury should be attached to the oath . The only reason