maxim of the constitution , that there could be no wrong without its remedy , and that one of the greatest benefits of parliament was the power of enacting new laws , as the existing ones were found inefficient ; here was a wrong , and he appealed with confidence to the justice and the liberality of the house to grant the remedy . What line of conduct would be adopted by the right hon . gent . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) he was unable to state ; he could only say , that he had brought forward that motion , which he conceived most likely to meet his approbation , and he sincerely hoped his acquiescence would spare him the regret of saying one word more to the house on the subject ; wherein he trusted they would at least acquit him of having so often intentionally troubled diem . The hon . gent . concluded with moving.— '' That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , praying , that he will be pleased to allow the Agreements entered into by John Palmer , esq . relative to Improvements in the Post office , to be investigated before a Jury , and that the Receiver-General of the Post-Office should be instructed to defend the same . '' was of 700 opinion , that it would be impossible to frame such an Address upon the present subject as would accomplish the object of the honourable mover ; in the first place , no legal agreement had been entered into with Mr. Palmer , and how could the law take cognizance of that which could not be substantiated in the first instance ? It was proposed by the honourable mover to bring the action against the Receiver General of the Post office ; that gentleman he submitted , had nothing whatever to do with the alledged Agreement , and who could prevent his disclaiming all concern with it ? It was impossible that any court of law could proceed in a cause which was wanting in the proper and usual forms ; and under these circumstances if Mr. Palmer were permitted to bring his action , he must of course be nonsuited.—He objected against the Address for two reasons ; in the first place , it would go to establish a very dangerous precedent , and in the next place , the Address itself could answer no purpose ; it appeared that Mr. Palmer was appointed to an office , embracing such and such advantages to be held during pleasure : from this situation Mr. Palmer was dismissed for misconduct ; now , he contended that even though the office held by Mr. Palmer , had been granted him for life , a scire facias could have been moved upon the same ground as that which was the cause of his dismissal ; and , surely , under those circumstances it would be very unadviseable to press the present measure . At any rate , he recommended the honourable mover not to take the house by surprise . Such an Address as the one proposed , required mature consideration , inasmuch as it was wholly unprecedented , and time should be given , that gentlemen might be thoroughly aware as to what they decided upon . said , that the motion did not go to direct an issue ; it only went to the removal of an impediment ; this was a contract entered into with his majesty 's government , and his majesty was addressed to prevent the person against whom the action was to be brought , from pleading the nonliability of the public officer , unless this was done , Mr. Palmer would be nonsuited , without the merits of the case being at all entered into.—With regard to the proceedings of a court of law , that had nothing to do with the question ; if the motion was agreed to , and Mr. Pal- 701 mer did not get redress , at least he would have had his request complied with ; which appeared to him to be founded in equity