to agree in the principle of the motion before the house , or in any other measure that was likely to lead to a gradual and temperate reform of abuses . was ready to enter into the discussion of the question at that moment , and would vote for the Amendment , though he had no hesitation to accede to the suggestion of putting off the discussion to another occasion . He could not , however , avoid saying , that the object of all former times had been to curtail the influence of the crown , and to prevent placemen from having seats in that house . , though he wished for a decision upon the subject of his Amendment , had yet no objection to put off the final discussion to a future day . He saw no reason why chief justices should be made Peers , nor why Welsh Judges should be allowed to become members of that house . Neither could he admit that , because a person abandoned his profession , he should have a provision for life made for him for having abandoned it . He was ever ready to admit that a person , worn out in the service of his country , ought to be adequately provided for ; he contended that no such extravagant compensation , as had been given to Mr. M'Donald for quitting his profession to become a Commissioner of American property , ought , under any such circumstances , to be granted . Such grants were contrary to the plans of Mr. Burke , Mr. Pitt , and lord Shelburne . The increase of the influence of the crown would be obvious , when it was considered how much the army , the navy , and every other branch of the public expenditure 881 had been augmented . He had no objection to suffer his Amendment to lie on the table for a few days , or to withdraw it altogether , with a view to bring it forward as a separate motion on Thursday next . entered into a justification of the appointment and remuneration of Mr. M'Donald , and concurred in the propriety of adjourning the discussion of the Amendment to a future day . rose to explain a statement in the Supplement to the Third Report , which concerned him . When lord Wellesley went to India , it was thought advisable to insert the hon . member 's name in the patent of the office of Remembrancer of the Exchequer , in case the office should become vacant while lord Wellesley was absent ; but the hon . member reaped no emolument whatever from this arrangement , and was very much surprised to find his name mentioned in the Supplement to the Third Report in rather an ambiguous manner . This mistake did not originate with the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and the hon . gent . had indeed made a statement to the committee , disclaiming the receipt of any emolument in consequence of the arrangement the hon . member had explained . replied , that the hon . member 's name was introduced into the Report , in a manner that was perfectly unambiguous ; for in one passage , after giving the hon . member 's name , it expressly stated , that the profits were understood to belong only to lord Wellesley ; and in another , after giving the hon . member 's name conjointly with that of lord Wellesley , it was added , that the profits were supposed to belong to lord Wellesley . The first Resolution was then read , and carried without a division . proposed to make a separate motion to the house of his amendment , on Thursday next . then left the chair , and reported progress to the house . The Report was ordered to be taken into further consideration on Thursday next . stated various forcible objections to the measure . His lordship said , that his time had been particularly broken in upon by applications from parties respecting such bills as these , which were generally the offspring