noble lord opposite , he always felt a considerable par- 437 tiality for that kind of force ; yet be must say , the measures which had been resorted to for the supply of the regular array , did not incur his disapprobation without altering his former opinions on the subject . His lordship then took a view of the principle of the old militia acts , and shewed there was no alteration adopted in the present instance , which did not accord with the principle of past alterations . concurred in what had been stated by the noble earl ( Fitzwilliam , ) nor did he think the expression alluded to at all too severe . It correctly described the mode resorted to of recruiting the regular army out of the militia establishment of the country . Whatever consideration might be paid to the other species of force , so much supported by the sacrifice of the militia , he could wish the house to recollect , that perhaps the time was not far distant when we should stand most in need of an internal force adequate to resist the attack of an invading enemy . The disposable force of the country , so much attended to , might be employed in expeditions , when the country would at length , and that probably very soon , feel the great want of an effective and internal force for its own preservation.—Looking at the late achievements of our army abroad , he would have been as ready as any man to have praised the valour and courage displayed ; but when he recollected the Convention , he felt too much as a Briton not to lament the purposes for which that army had been employed . contended there was nothing objectionable in the provisions of modern times respecting the militia . If the old principle had been attended to , and the men had only served for three , four , or seven years , and at that period they had returned from the service , the noble lords would have found themselves without those men who had been so carefully taught their discipline . He trusted , out of that house they were more disposed to give assistance to the bill being carried into execution , and that their regiments would be the most forward ; but if their language in that house were to be attended to , no such consequences could be expected . That army which had displayed its superiority on the Tagus , and which , afterwards , amidst the greatest difficulties , embarked with honour and glory , was composed of men chiefly taken from regiments of militia , and he was induced 438 to approve of such a system as strengthened the most useful force of the country . declined entering into those topics , which , in his opinion , had been irrelevantly introduced into the discussion on the merits of the present bill . But he would call the attention of the noble secretary to the preamble of the bill , where it was said the men should be raised by the beat of the drum . He conceived this a deviation from the principle of the militia , and from the principle of all former bills . He hoped he should be excused for troubling the house with any observation , as he had not been present at the commencement of this discussion . said , if the noble earl had been present , he would have heard his explanation of that part of the bill . His lordship here stated the purport of what he had before expressed on the reason of providing that the men might be raised by way of enlistment for a limited time . In reply to the arguments of other noble lords , he argued , that , without any interference , after a man had learned his duty as a soldier , be would naturally be disposed to continue his services by going into a superior force . considered there was one objection to the present bill , which had not been mentioned