could not go on . If , then , any of those offices were given to a person who had been useful , or who might hereafter be useful at an election , a jury would be puzzled when to pronounce that it was an implied agreement , or that it was not . It appeared to him that it was a very strong ground of difference , that offices must be given to somebody , and therefore might honestly and properly be given to persons who were electors , whereas money given , or promised to be given , from the pocket of the candidate , could hardly be conceived to be given with any other idea than that of obtaining a corrupt influence . He had objected , at first , to that part which not only vacated the seat of a member , but exposed him to a trial for a misdemeanor ; as he conceived , that if the misdemeanor proved before a court or a jury , the verdict would , in fact , determine the seat . He had waved , however , his objections on this head ; but when it was considered what very severe punishments attached by this bill to every person convicted of giving or receiving those improper considerations , 900 ( the member elected was immediately to vacate his seat , and be subject to a penalty ) he thought in a law so penal , the offence , at least , should be perfectly defined . He thought that as to giving money , that could be so easily brought to proof , that he had no objection to the clause as it originally stood ; but as far as respected offices , for the reasons he had already given , he could not agree to it . He concluded by moving an amendment , which was in substance , that the words `` or implied '' should be left out in that part which related to giving offices . could not perceive the necessity of the distinction between the giving money and the giving an office for the same object . If the clause were to be amended in the manner proposed by the right hon . gent . the public would suppose that the house was much more anxious to protect the power of giving offices for seats in parliament , than of giving money . At present the house were only sitting in committee to make the bill as unobjectionable as possible , and it was well understood that after it had gone through the committee , there would be a serious opposition to it upon the report . Now he , for his part , although very anxious that the bill should pass , would really not know how to defend it when it came under discussion , if this most important clause were altered in the manner proposed by the right hon . gent . It would seem as if the influence of the Treasury were to be protected at all events . He thought that the words used in another act of parliament , `` for his own profit , benefit , promotion , or preferment , '' would do well enough in the present , instance . He did not think the words `` expressed or implied '' were so necessary as they appeared to some gentlemen He should rather have them left out in both cases than applied to one , and not to the other . said , that he , on the contrary , would rather that they should be applied to both cases , and that the original clause should stand , than that those words should be entirely left out . He again called the attention of the committee to the very heavy punishments which this bill inflicted on the givers and receivers of money or offices ; and for the reasons he had before given , had no objection to the penalties attaching where it could be proved that there was any specific agreement to give an office 901 for the purpose of obtaining a