the existence of that description of disturbers called White Boys , he had proposed , and a clergyman had adopted a system of commutation , by which he had obtained an income considerably larger , and with mutual satisfaction , than he could have obtained by the regular mode of levying tithes.—The system of leases he by no means considered as impracticable ; and they would certainly have the good effect of enabling the farmer to follow and enjoy his industry without the dread of any fresh demand being made upon that industry . He considered the principle a good one , and commutation eligible , as securing to the farmer the greatest blessing he was capable of receiving—a security against uncertainty ; and if the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer doubted it , the best mode of deciding the question would be to establish a commission to inquire into the subject . An acreable rate , he understood , would satisfy the parishioners , and improve the income of the clergyman . supported the motion , and in doing so , represented the hardships of a million of the people of Ireland , who were exposed to greater burdens in regard to tithes than the people of England : and in Ireland no poor rates and no paupers were supported at the public expence , while those here were supported by poor rates and in workhouses . He thought the fate of the Irish peasant not superior to that of the negro . The present measure went to his amelioration , and therefore he contended it ought to be voted for . argued against the motion . He should be glad to hear of any plan that was likely to effect a change that could add to the comforts of those paying tithes , but he had as yet heard of none that could meet with his approbation . He recommended to gentlemen not to bring forward any measure of this sort until they could prepare a proper substitute for that which they meant to remedy . said , that he had often turned his attention to the subject of the tithe system of Ireland , and never had done so without coming to a conclusion that this system was a great inconvenience , if not a severe grievance to that part of the empire . No one could feel more desirous than he did to amend or alter the oppressive parts of it ; it was the conviction of his mind , that some modification would be useful , and he felt it to be his public duty to take the first fair and favourable opportunity of effecting it ; but it was those very feelings that obliged him to oppose the motion of the hon . gent . which he sincerely thought would render more difficult , if not altogether impossible , the effective remedy of the evils complained against . In the first place , the time at which this measure is proposed is totally unsuitable : at so late a period of the session , to enter on a subject of such vast importance , of such intricate detail , and such various interests , would be in fact to insure its defeat , and by such defeat to create a prejudice against it , when hereafter brought forward at a fitter season . He thought , too , that as a remedy of the system , it was totally inadequate , and he could not think that enabling the clergy to make tithe leases for 21 years , would in any considerable degree alleviate the pressure on the peasant and the poor . But his great objection to the motion arose out of his anxious wish to ameliorate the existing system , because the proposed bill went in fact to perpet-nate it ; it went to pledge the good faith of parliament to its continuance for 21 years at least , during which time no change could be proposed ; but it went farther , and extended its existence for 21 years , from the date of any future lease that