of which he declared he gave no assistance whatever , the right hon . gent , begged it to be understood , that he never expressed any disapprobation of the discussion of politics at such meetings , his observations always applying to the nature and character of such discussions . He did not object to tire practice but to the matter . Before he sat down , he could not avoid saying a few words on what had fallen from the hon . gent , respecting the appointment of a British minister to Spain . The hon . gent . had said , that this country had given the worst proof of its intentions towards Spain by the choice that had been made : and he had grounded this assertion on the presumption that the charges which had been made against that noble lord 's conduct in India were well founded . But whatever might be the hon . gent . 's opinion of the noble lord 's conduct , he had no right to presume that the house or that his majesty 's ministers would be influenced by that opinion . For his part , he believed there could scarcely be found another individual to deny that marquis Wellesley possessed all those great and 829 splendid endowments which must qualify any man to act a distinguished part on the political theatre ; nor did he believe that there would be found in the empire another individual to assert that any thing had passed in that house , by which the country ought to be induced to forego the advantage of lord Wellesley 's talents . in explanation said , that , last session , he refused to give any opinion or advice , as to what conduct ought to be pursued towards Spain and Portugal : he then declined , because he was in perfect ignorance of the actual situation of affairs , nothing having transpired . He was not so at the present time ; he therefore gave his advice , and his decided opinion was , that if far other measures were not taken by his majesty 's ministers , France would ultimately subdue the peninsula . said , he was surprized that on a former night so much stress should have been laid on speeches at public dinners , when one of the ministers of the crown , had , at a tavern , made a declaration as to foreign politics , and excused himself in that house , by saying , it was the first time he was led into the indiscretion He hoped the right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Canning ) would reap the same benefit from his first night 's experience , as a noted person , who was eternally exclaiming against gambling , and who stated that he was so inveterate against that vicious practice , because he had once attempted it , and lost the chief part of his fortune , from which time he never gambled . He trusted , therefore , the right hon . Secretary had exhibited for the first and last time . With respect to Austria , he considered it a matter of great importance , how they laid down a precedent , which might put parliament in a situation in which it would be obliged to grant succour against its will . He was inclined to take the word of the right hon . gent. , that no improper inducement was held forth to Austria , to incline her to go to war . Information , however , should be laid before the house , or submitted to the inspection of a committee on the subject . With respect to the assistance which it might be deemed expedient to afford Austria , for the further prosecution of the war , it was quite another matter . He felt that she was left no other alternative than war or subjugation ; she found herself in the last gasp of her existence , and it became her to make a last struggle ; but this country was 830 bound to consider of what use the degree