their sentiments ; but he could say for himself , that unless the opinion of the house should be peremptory and expressed as a kind of command on the Directors , he , for his own part , having acted from conscientious motives , and done what he thought the welfare and best interest of the Company required , could not alter his opinion on the subject . As to the argument of inhumanity , it certainly applied to the parents of the young men who are gone out , who knew they were acting 1076 wrong in giving money For such places , and by no means to the Court of Directors . He should therefore oppose the motion . said the Resolution was not meant to be imperative ; it was no mandate , but merely the opinion of the house on the Report of one of its Committees . He thought the Resolution a very proper one , and called for not only as an act of humanity , but of strict justice , and as such it should have his vote . thought the motion , as worded , clearly told the Directors they had acted contrary not only to the principles of British justice , but also contrary to the common rights of humanity . He thought if the house adopted the Resolution , they ought to go further , and tell the Directors , that they have not only acted wrong , but must rescind their Resolution and blot it out of their book . The hon . baronet must , surely , mean that ; or else , master as he had often proved himself to be of language , he would never have worded the motion as he had dons . The hon . baronet , and all those who supported the motion , had advanced the same arguments ; had all contended there was not sufficient notice . He insisted on the contrary , that the Resolutions of 1799 and 1806 , published as they had been in the Gazette , provincial papers , and in all the instructions of the Court of Directors , were fully sufficient . It had been said the house did not want to interfere with the powers of the Directors , but only to neutralize them . He thought the house could do no such thing , but that the effect must be what he had stated . The Directors had , in his opinion , fairly drawn the line ; they had confined themselves to the facts last brought to light , and no one would suffer by the resolution but those who had used those illegal practices since 1806 , which was no great length of time . For one , he thought the house ought not to interfere with the Directors , who had acted only in a responsible situation ) , in such a manner as to prevent the patronage of the Company from being abused . He must therefore oppose the motion . saw no impropriety in that he use coining to any Resolution upon a Report of their Committee ; but he saw great injustice in the mode of procedure recommended for the recall of those gentlemen , whom they could not put into the same places here , of which they deprived them in India , though avowedly innocent of the offence they wished to put a 1077 stop to . Not to dwell upon the sacrifice of health , friends , and connections , which they had submitted to , the injustice itself was sufficiently flagrant without dwelling upon any other consideration ; what , would they say of those legislators who should enact the punishment of the children of those offenders who had fled their country , in order to avoid the consequence of their crimes ? The cases were parallel , for in the present instace they were going to punish the children for the offences of the father . But he confessed , he did not know how well to account for the great display of austere justice ; gentleman on the other side