force on 165 the banks of the Ebro , with the view of keeping open its means of supply and reinforcement by the passes of the Pyrenees . What , then , should have been the natural pursuit of a British army destined for an efficient co-operation with the Spanish Patriots ? It certainly was to lose no time in effecting its disembarkation in the northern provinces of the Peninsula , and then to proceed to cut off the means of supply from France to its armies on the Ebro . Perhaps there was one grand objection to this plan existing in the minds of the king 's ministers ; namely , that to men of such extensive views it was a system both too simple and obvious . There was , indeed , some plea or excuse in the argument of the noble secretary , that St. Andero did not admit of the disembarkation of a large army . Allowing this objection its fullest force , still there was the port of Santona close to the position of the enemy , and fully capable of affording space for the largest body of troops , and offering every convenience for supplying that army on its march to the passes of the Pyrenees . If the object was to co-operate with the Patriots in the north of Spain , this was the line of operations which it was incumbent on this country to pursue . On the other hand , the south of Spain was open for our exertions , with the opportunity of haying Gibraltar for a depot . In such case there was the advantage of being fully acquainted with the subsequent proceedings of the enemy . Neither of these objects , which seemed to press themselves upon the view of those who looked for a successful British co-operation , were attended to by the noble secretary and his colleagues . That night it was contended that Portugal was their first and fixed object . In arriving at that conclusion the light of conviction reached ministers very tardily , for from the papers before the house , it would be seen that not many days before the dispatches were sent to sir Arthur Wellesley desiring him to disembark in Portugal , he was by the noble secretary of state ( lord Castlereagh ) strenuousiy directed to proceed to the coast of Spain . This dispatch ordering him to Portugal was dated the 30th of June , and the change in the destination may be attributed to very loose information which his majesty 's ministers received on the next day from admiral Cotton , stating to them that there were only 4,000 French troops in Lisbon . This it was that gave a new direction to the hopes and a new object to the policy of the British go- 166 vernment . It was upon this loose expectation of a light but speedy triumph , that all our sympathies for Spanish success were in a moment deadened , and the armaments destined for their support were diverted from their original destination ; and to this change , and to it alone , were all the subsequent evils to be attributed . It was this change that prevented sir John Moore from advancing to Madrid , and supporting with his gallant army the determined spirit and enthusiastic patriotism of its inhabitants . It was this change that led to the division of that army into two columns , which impeded the one from advancing in an opportune moment , lest it should not be able to secure its junction with the other . The noble secretary had adverted to the circumstances which closed the campaign in Portugal , and attempted to release himself and colleagues from being considered as advocates for all the specific provisions of the Convention of Cintra . Although such were his professions , he seemed to justify a different conclusion from the manner in which he extenuated these transactions . Indeed , he went the length of contending , that a great deal had been done for the public cause by that event . It was for