seemed so ambitious to make , and in that house , too , in their places in parliament , and above all in that very session of parliament—a session in the course of which those austere notions of justice had been so softened down and accommodated to existing circumstances—a session in which there had been so much of generous allowance and clemency , and where such abundant room was made for the locus penitentiœ ! [ Hear ! hear ! ] The offenders , to be sure , were rather of a higher order than that of a humble Cadet . But , surely such rigorous proceedings did not become that house in that instance against those avowedly innocent , when in a case in which a Secretary of State was the accused , they thought it right to go no farther in it , because it was possible that as he did not complete the crime , he might have haply repented before he would have completed it . If in that and other instances they thought it better to look rather to the future than the past , why should they think differently now ? When even in the case of Mr. Beauchamp Hill , who was charged with receiving bribes , to connive at frauds in the revenue , they had thought it best to overlook what was gone by , upon what principle of consistency could they now adopt a course of such implacable severity towards the innocent . said , he could not but think the opinion just given by his learned friend , had been adopted merely to introduce the observations he had made . He restated the arguments of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and said , the only question was , whether the house should by the Resolution , intimate to the Directors that they ought to rescind their Resolution . If this motion was adopted , it must have that effect ; and he should therefore oppose it . spoke shortly in favour of the motion . He said three Writerships had been disposed of . Who gave these Writerships ? Mr. Thellusson . Who sold them ? Mr. Woodford , his relation , to whom he gave them . Mr. Woodford had been obliged to leave the country , and Mr. Thellusson was turned out of the Direction . The Directors had punished those who were guilty , and they had done enough . Any thing more would be to visit the sins of the fathers on the children , and he should therefore vote for the motion . was so confident that the Cadets would suffer no injustice from the Court of Directors , that he would vote for the previous question . paid a tribute to sir Samuel Romilly , and commented on the happy applications of that learned gentleman 's great abilities , to the proceedings of that house during the present sessions . was for the previous question . expressed a wish that the Court of Directors would reconsider their determination . said , though the rule might in strictness be thought a harsh one , still as under the controul of the Directors it would experience relaxation , he thought the motion was unnecessary . then replied . He said , that it was admitted that the rule ought to be relaxed , but if it was so harsh a one , why should it not rather be given up altogether ? He denied that his Resolution had any tendency to interfere with the powers of the Court of Directors or with the acts of parliament . It was a Resolution upon a passage in a Report of their Committee , and it was every way competent for them to discuss and decide upon it . The house then divided , when the Resolution of sir Thomas Turton was negatived , the numbers being , rose and said ; Mr. Speaker ; With whatever feelings of surprize and regret I may have witnessed the conduct of the hon . gent. , on the occasion of his first broaching , in another place , the