but the vote they shall give against your leaving the chair . Those whom I should distinguish as the legitimate and natural opposers of the principle of the bill , are such as contend for the perfect purity of this house as it is ; as well as others who consider the system as practically perfect , and that all change is therefore unnecessary . Sir , those who argue that corruption is requisite , and that as such , it forms a part of the constitution , and contend further , that we can not have the blessing of one without the other—I have but one observation to make in reply to them : I am aware that time has established a prescription in favour of poets and lovers , and sanctioned their representing as perfection that , which , to indifferent eyes , appears a defect and blemish ; but I know of no authority that can justify the extension of this principle of enthusiasm to the sober and experienced statesman . If I am compelled to subscribe to the sincerity of such arguments , it must be at the expence of the judgment of those who profess them . However specious , however ingenious such arguments may be , the generality of mankind can view them in no other light than a satire and libel upon the constitution.—The speeches of a right hon . gent. , and an hon . baronet , afford the strongest arguments of the necessity of some such measure as I propose.—Is there any man within these walls , that is at a loss to distinguish betwixt the fair and inseparable influence of property , and the corrupt influence of money given for the purchase of the election franchise ? Has it ever occurred within this house for the last 240 years , to have a defence set up to justify the purchase of seals 779 in parliament ? Do not our statutes and journals concur in declaring the purity of parliament to be essential to its existence ? To the hon . baronet I am more obliged and benefitted by his opposition , than I could have been by his support ; he speaks out , and tells us , such practices render us no longer a house of parliament , that we no longer deserve the name of representatives of the people—whatever may have been the practice of former periods , it is now , for the first time , that all decency is lost . I think I am justified in drawing this conclusion , that the traffic in seats is become so common and usual , that all feelings of shame and impropriety are destroyed . The sentiments of the hon . baronet , however harsh and discordant to our ears , have too much truth to be overlooked ; the sophistry and ingenuity of the hon . gent , can neither hide them from the house nor palliate them to the public ; nor have we a right to expect the respect of the people , when we can not respect ourselves . Most singular is that species of defence , that justifies the corruptions of one age by a comparison with those of another The hon . member who was so successful in pointing out the flagitious conduct of former periods , has fully proved the benefit that would have accrued from a more early reform of this house . To have proved our title to superior purity , he should have compared the present means of corruption with those of former times , and shewn us there were fewer placemen in parliament ; that loans and contracts were less numerous , that the pension list was reduced , and that the harvest of honours was less abundant.—The taste of the times in this , as other respects , is changed ; the temptation to adventure in lotteries in former times , was the number of small prizes ; at present , it is the capital prizes alone that form the allurement . I believe the same principle is applicable to corruption.—The grounds upon which the house