of all the wars in which it had been engaged , had flourished . Every town had been improved : new harbours had been constructed ; and manufactures and trade en-creased together . These were blessings not to be rashly risked for any fanciful schemes of reform ( Hear , hear ! from Mr. Windham ) . At the same time , where corruption was proved to exist , he would concur in adopting the proper means to check it ; always , however , distinguishing between corruption , and that just and proper influence which ought to be inseparable from property . expressed his wish that the charge against Mr. Perceval should be separated from that preferred against lord Castlereagh ; and observed , that in the case of Shepherd , the charge had been given in writing , and he hoped the hon . gent . would give in his charge in this way , that gentlemen might clearly understand upon what they were to vote . He thought this question had , strictly speaking , nothing to do with Parliamentary Reform , for the offence was one which might be committed under any circumstances . The charge against Mr. Perceval and Mr. Wellesley was so vague , that he should be ashamed to receive it in its present shape . But as to the charge against lord Castlereagh , that certainly deserved attention , both from its being more distinctly laid , and from the circumstance that 167 members of that house had already pronounced that noble lord to have been guilty of a bleach of its privileges.—With regard to Parliamentary Reform , Mr. T. said , that he was as warmly attached to that measure as he had ever been . It was one of the greatest advantages of the constitution , that when things went wrong the house had the power of making them better . He , however , was perfectly aware of the inconvenience of the time which had been chosen to bring forward the question ; chiefly because it did not appear to him that either the sense of the country or of Parliament was decidedly in its favour . The question had been raised merely by the business of the Duke of York ; and he believed that there were many who supported the cry for Parliamentary Reform who had no specific view of the subject which they themselves desired to attain— ( Hear , hear ! ) What many , he believed , understood by Parliamentary Reform was a relief from the weight of the taxes . He must have little associated with the various classes of society in this country , who was not convinced of the deep-rooted complaints which were called forth by the burthens of the taxes , and the manner in which they were collected . If any one would for a moment consider the weight of all the other taxes , added to that of the Income Tax , he would not be surprised that numbers were disposed to listen to any proposal which premised an alleviation of that burthen . There was no disposition any where for overturning the establishments of the constitution ; but the people readily listened to those who from good or bad motives proposed Reform , because 510 the idea went to encourage the hope that by this Reform they would be in some measure at least relieved from the pressure of taxation . But that was a sense in which he did not wish Reform to be understood . Nor would he be in the least accessary to the propagation of such a delusion . The discussion of the subject of Reform , however , did not at all call for a question like that now before the house . If they intended to bring the subject of Reform before the house , why did they not do it directly ? Why should they think it necessary to begin by attempting to degrade all public men and every government ? —Tbe late Mr. Pitt , Mr. T. observed , had gone farther in his project than the mere prevention