to the incurring the penalties enforced by the act , as all cases of implied contracts for seats were , by the existing statutes , contrary to law . declared he would support the bill . He was not one of those who wished for any alteration in the present constitution . He was decidedly of opinion , that if the greatest talents of every age , assisted by every means , and supported by every facility , were to be brought together , they could not form a perfect constitution for any country at once . Evils could only be remedied as they successively arose . On these principles it was that he professed himself a warm admirer of the British constitution , and an enemy to what was popularly called Reform . He entertained the highest admiration of the British constitution , and thought that innovations might give the people more power in the house , as well as elsewhere , than was consistent with its principles . He saw no practical inconvenience from persons coming into parliament by means of their own money . It was in this way that talents and abilities were often introduced into the house ; and as the vulgar error which asserted that money was given in order to make money was now exploded , he must say he was sorry this bill was ever entertained . He did not think it necessary to increase the popular influence ; on the contrary , he feared that the current was running too strongly in that direction : the people might have too much influence within that house , as they might have elsewhere . He certainly wished the bill had never been introduced ; but as it had been brought forward , he would vote for it ; because , after it had been admitted , in the course of the discussion , that seats were bought and sold , that house could never without adopting some such measure , go back to the situation it was in , before the introduction of the bill . felt it necessary to state to the house the ground of the vote which he 995 meant to give upon this measure . He had at first been of opinion , that the measure ought not to have been entertained ; but when he referred to the illustrious time of passing the Grenville Act , and found that no such cases of corruption had then been stated , as had lately been admitted in that house , he considered it impossible that the house could omit to endeavour to correct the evil by applying the necessary remedy . He had wished the bill , in its original form , to have passed ; but the introduction of the word `` express '' into it , rendered it impossible for him to support it . The constitution of parliament , whether the members were representative or nominated , appeared to him the best practical system of representation , that ever existed in any country . It had been observed by an hon . member ( sir S. Romilly ) not then in his place , that the word `` express '' had never before been introduced into any act of parliament . This statement had not been denied by any legal authority in the house . As the bill then stood , he felt himself in this unfortunate situation , that he must either make a distinction between office and money , which he could not do , or entertain the question of reform in its broadest sense . The only way in which he could get out of this dilemma was to vote for the rejection of the bill , with an understanding that the subject should be brought forward in a more perfect form , early in the next session . He hoped , therefore , that gentlemen would turn their minds to the subject in the course of the recess . He suggested to gentlemen for consideration three defects in the existing election law . 1st , The want of a petitioner , who ,