, a measure which was really the child of the right hon . gentleman opposite The hon . member had at first besought of the right hon . gent . not to melt down his measure , not to change its nature or destroy its identity , by his alterations and amendments . But when the bill had gone into the right hon . gent . 's crucible , it had been melted down completely , and nothing now remained but the dross . ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The provisions which had been introduced into the bill would have a directly contrary effect from what was originally proposed by the hon . gent . The bill , as it then stood , would not only be an indemnity for past corruptions , but be an effectual plea in bar against any charges of that description , which might hereafter be detected . However scandalous any such transactions might be , this bill would afford a sufficient plea in bar against him or any other hon . member who should bring before that house such charges as had been made by his hon . friend ( Mr. Madocks ) , against the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) . But what was the situation of the right hon . gent. , with respect to this measure , at a time too when he had him- 1002 self been accused of being a party to a transaction such as the bill was intended to prevent ? Was it to be endured that the notoriety of such corruptions should be made a justification of their existence ? If that principle were to be admitted , then it would appear that the modes of reasoning in that house differed widely from the modes of reasoning and interference adopted elsewhere . The judges of the land , when they had it in contemplation to put down any particular offence which had become notorious and frequent , took a different course from that which had lately been pursued in that house . It was not thought bad reasoning in them , when they wished to put down offences under such circumstances , to make severe examples of those who were guilty of them . But in that house , when ministers were charged with being guilty of these corruptions , and when it was admitted on all hands that they generally were practised , no punishment was to be inflicted at all ! This was the more extraordinary , because they had in their hands means the simplest , the most constitutional , and the most consistent with parliamentary usage , for correcting the evil . It had been said , that the bill was only a declaration of what was the law already ; and that the principle it contained had always been the principle of the common law against the scandalous traffic for seats in parliament . This , however , had been denied by the common lawyers ; but , at all events , they had in that house the constitutional mode of putting down such offences , by applying the punishment it merited to the offence when delected.—As to the bill under consideration , it appeared to him originally , not only to be futile but mischievous , because he was convinced that its operation would have the effect of giving a monopoly of boroughs to the Treasury . It was not by such measures , that they could ever hope to correct the evil they wished to get rid of . By such measures , they would only establish a film and skin over the ulcerations of the foul corruption which was known to exist , and to pervade the whole of the political system under which the affairs or the country were at present administered . They must strike , at the root of the corruption if they expected any success from their attempts to eradicate it.—He considered that what wanted reform in parliament was a vice which was inherent in the house , as it was now constituted , and which prevented it be- 1003