the Election , by chusing first one of those two Candidates , who should sit for a certain number of years or sessions , and then that the other should be elected to succeed him . The Election Committee before whom that Case was tried and proved , reported the Agreement to be corrupt and illegal , and voided the Election What , therefore , it remains for us to do is plain . And as our Ancestors , when they found the censures of Parliament , and the decisions of the Common Law , were insufficient to restrain the growing practice of Bribery to Voters , proceeded to super-add the cumulative penalties of the Statute Law ; so also it is for us , who have before us such flagrant proofs that the traffic in Seats has broken through the existing checks , to put it down by a new Prohibitory Law . And now , Sir , we are brought to the last consideration—whether we can by any safe and practicable Remedy suppress the mischief : And of this I have no doubt , if with sincerity and diligence we apply ourselves to the task . According to my views of this subject , the Committee will perceive , that I must naturally desire in the first place that our Law should be in itself declaratory ; lest we should impair the principle which we are endeavouring to strengthen . The definition or description of the offence should ( h ) Com . Jour . vol . 38 , 842 also be marked with such a degree of precision that we may not include in it things or consequences beyond our own intentions . And the prohibitory provisions should be such as are most analogous to the rest of our Election Laws upon corresponding cases . Of course , the honourable Member who has brought in the present Bill will not be surprized that I should think he has fallen short of the true point , in not making it declaratory . As to the main part of his enactments , he will also be prepared for my dissenting from the use of such lax and wide modes of expression as he has employed ; a defect into which it is no peculiar reproach for him to have fallen , as our modern forms of legislation have too much involved all our provisions in language so cumbrous that it is generally difficult to discover their sense and substance , through the multitude of words with which they are overcharged . But beyond this , it is quite impossible for me to consent to that part of his proposed enactment which makes the tenure of Seats in this House dependent upon Judgments to be obtained in the Courts below , or in any way puts the trial of our own Rights out of our own accustomed jurisdiction . With regard to the Oath proposed by the hon gentleman , it is such in its present form as I should entirely object to . I do not know that a proper Oath for a proper purpose is in itself an exceptionable provision by law . Nor do I think that for solemnity or importance , so long as any Oaths are used in Election Laws , that any occasion for it could be more suitable ; agreeing as I do very much with sir William Blackstone in opinion , that the Oath . If administered to the elected , would be far more effectual than when given to the elector . Nevertheless , knowing that to many persons any form of Oath whatever upon this subject would be highly obnoxious , and not thinking it indispensably necessary to the efficacy of the Bill , I should not be disposed to insist upon it . What I should require would be , that the party who purchased should not reap the profit of his bargain , but should fall under the same disability as that enacted by the Act of Wm . the Third , which I think would be improved also , if it excluded him not for that vacancy