but there was something in his manner of leaving the house that almost wholly disarmed him . He had attended closely to the speech of his noble friend who had made the motion , and listened to it throughout with feelings of approbation ; but he must say , that the manner in which his noble friend 's propositions had been treated was calculated to produce a very unfavourable impression on the public mind . The offence was one of a very serious nature , and the house had not to enquire whether it had been committed . The fact of the negociation was admitted by the noble viscount ; but thought he had unequivocally confessed his fault , still it was the duty of the house to express their opinion upon his conduct . 252 It was not sufficient to say that a corrupt purpose had not been carried into effect : that formed no excuse in other cases . Had not a Mr. Hamlin been prosecuted for offering a bribe to lord Sidmouth ? and was not the unfortunate Mr. Beazly suffering for a similar proceeding towards the duke of Portland ? Why , then , is it said that the noble viscount , who offered to exchange a Writership for a seat in that house , should escape all punishment ? The house were told that they ought , in this case , to take a middle course , by which it appeared to be meant that nothing at all should be done . A learned gentleman ( Mr. Croker ) , had talked about the sanction of precedent , as if it were a common practice to barter Writerships for seats in parliament . But no precedent of the existence of such abuses as those which had been proved to prevail , could excuse the house for not punishing offenders , when the cases were brought under their notice . The regret expressed by the noble viscount had also been urged as an inducement to the house not to pass a vote of censure on him . This , however , was a very weak argument in his favour . Did a judge , when trying a starving wretch for stealing , tell the jury to put themselves in his place , and to allow his temptation and contrition to be an excuse for his crime ? When such practices were thus alluded to , and brought within the knowledge of parliament , it was impossible they could abstain from passing a marked censure on them . In this instance it was impossible not to adopt this noble friend 's Resolution , or one of the same tenor . They had before them `` confitentem reum . '' The noble lord acknowledged the justice of the accusation brought against him . Lord Castlereagh acknowledged that he placed a Writership at the disposal of his friend , to enable him to obtain a Seat in parliament ; lord Clancarty acknowledges the fact ; the Chancellor of the Exchequer admits that it is a great political offence , and how , after these admissions , was it possible to pass to the order of the day ? What , under these circumstances , were they to do ? Why , save the character of the house : for if they did not , the house was gone ! A bill of indemnity it was supposed might cover this , as well as other cases of the same sort . But it would be curious to see how a bill in the present case could be worded . Would it declare that because lord Castlereagh had confessed that he had been guilty , he was therefore indemnified . 253 An hon . gent . has alluded to some recent public meetings , which , he says , have passed Resolutions tending to degrade persons of rank , and public men of every description . He , however , had seen no Resolutions of the kind to which the hon . gent . had alluded ; on the contrary , be found the people attached to the sovereign and the