time when the whole of the expenditure of the country did not exceed fifteen millions ) it was the duty of parliament to make every possible retrenchment in the public expenditure . Whatever reasons could apply to such times , must apply with double force to the present times.—Thus he had gone through the principal heads to which it was his wish to call the attention of the house upon the subject of Sinecures , Pen- 418 sions , and Offices executed by Deputy , so far as related to England , and had only to add , that the aggregate of ibis expenditure , which he classed under the head `` objectionable or questionable , '' amounted to four hundred and twenty four thousand and seventy-three pounds , thirteen shillings , and eleven pence , annually.—With respect to Scotland and Ireland , the amount under the various heads to which he had adverted was of less value , but unquestionably not less deserving the consideration of parliament . The amount of pensions in Scotland was at present 39,704l. , but with a view to enable the house to judge of the extent to which it had been carried , he had to state , that at the accession of his present majesty it was of little value , the payment of pensions in that country , not originally exceeding 5,940l . He did not find , however , that the increase had been applied to the personal benefit of the sovereign ; but still thought the very great increase under this head worthy the attention of that house . The amount of sinecure offices and of offices executed by deputy , was not less than 29,300l . Of these he was aware , that some were preserved by the Act of Union , but these were few in number ; and every thing he had said with respect to places of that description in England , was applicable to those in Scotland . He did not mean , however , to move any Resolution upon this head , any more than with respect to the pensions out of the four and a half per cents . His wish would be to propose at a future period , an humble Address to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased not to grant pensions to a larger amount than 600l . in any one year in Scotland , until the whole should be reduced to 10,000l. , at which it should remain , being double what it was originally ; whilst the remainder he should propose to be carried to the Civil List . The total of exceptionable or objectionable charge for Scotland , therefore , including 8,575l . for Miscellaneous Services of a doubtful description , amounted to seventy-seven thousand six hundred and nine thousand pounds a year.—As to Ireland , that country was far more fruitful in the amount of pensions and allowances secured by act of parliament . By the Papers on the table , it appeared , that the present amount , under the head of Pensions , exceeded the amount limited by the act by 10,000l . ; but as it appeared , that by a clause , in the act his majesty was autho- 419 rised to grant to the amount of 1200l . in each year in pensions , he feared there could be no remedy for that excess , until an act should be passed to amend the former act . The sum granted as compensation for those who lost offices by the Union was ninety-seven thousand six hundred and sixty-three pounds , thirteen shillings , and four pence . This was well worth the attention of the house , because many of those thus compensated must have held offices during pleasure , and could not have the same claim to compensation with those who held offices for life.—The sinecures and the allowances in the nature of Pensions to those superannuated , had been much increased in Ireland on account of a false interpretation having been put upon the act of parliament ; and to such an extent was this carried