retarded by continued war and increasing burthens , still progressive , and adding every year , more or less , to the stock of national wealth and public prosperity . The actual sum levied upon the people of this country , in proportion to the population , is , I admit , greater than any other country of Europe ; but , notwithstanding this circumstance , I am fully convinced that there is no great nation on the continent in which the taxes are so lightly felt , and collected with so little of oppression and vexation as in this country . This observation is drawn from me , not by any thing that has been said by the hon . gent. , but it is certainly not altogether foreign to the subject , and will not , I trust , be deemed misplaced by the house ; as I perceive , that out of doors , persons professing to be the zealous co-operations of the hon . gent . in schemes of parliamentary reform , are using every endeavour to inculcate a belief that in France at least the taxes are few and light , and collected in the most gentle and lenient manner . Are those who would delude and deceive the people of this country by such statements , aware that in France , in addition to that most dreadful of all taxes and all oppressions , the military conscription , and to a thousand other arbitrary and vexatious exactions , personal and pecuniary , the land-tax alone frequently exceeds one-half of the rent ; that in France , taxes in arrear are levied by a process little short of military execution ; by the quartering of soldiers upon the party until the arrear is discharged ? This is no imaginary picture ; it is no other than a faithful description of what takes place under that rule of military depotism , and what would too soon be imitated , perhaps in this country , if those who were now most clamorous against our existing institutions could persuade the people of England to adopt their plans of reform , and incur the risks and dangers of a revolution . There is only one topic more on which I will trouble the house at present . The hon . gent . has reminded us of the declaration of a gallant admiral ( Markham ) , a member of this house , that one-third of the whole expence of the navy might be saved without prejudice to the service . That expense is now nineteen millions , and if 1124 the hon . gent. , upon the strength of this assertion , has taken credit for a third of this sum , it will certainly be of main assistance to him towards effecting his proposed saving of eleven millions . The assertion , I am afraid , was made in this , house . Whether it was drawn from the hon . admiral in a moment of irritation , and when he was off his guard , I can not pretend to say ; but I have no difficulty in declaring that it was a rash and inconsiderate assertion , and one which could not be realized . Since it was made , that gallant admiral has been in office : he has not only been a lord of the admiralty , but what is called the managing lord , a phrase perfectly well understood at that board . In this situation he must have been anxious , not only from every feeling of duty to his country , but from the most powerful personal motives , to make good his assertion , and to establish the truth and solidity of it , by his own practice and his own retrenchments . Further , he must have been goaded to it every day and almost every hour , by that economical administration which has this night received the praise of the hon . gent. , an administration under which the gallant admiral served , and the members of which had , in a manner , made themselves parties to