in this house , it was received with universal levity , it was laughed at on all sides of the house . But the right , hon . gent , on that occasion , so far from betraying the least consciousness of the existence of any such office , did not even countenance the possibility that the representation which was then made could have the slightest foundation ; and he laughed , with the rest , at a statement which was so generally received as improbable . That these gents . Messrs. Pollman and Keylock , had carried on this sale of patronage for year , was very well known ; and no attempt was made to put a stop to practices so nefarious , no inquiry was ever instituted ; till at length , when the investigation took place , it suggested itself to the right hon . gentleman to put a stop to that species of traffic , by the introduction of his promised bill . Now will any gentleman pretend to say , that these negociators of patronage may not , somewhere or other , have connections either in the army , or the navy , or in the civil departments of the state ; for their negotiations it seems were almost universal , which it is highly desirable for this house to know . When it is considered what facts have come to light with respect to East India patronage , when we reflect on the names that have come out on the inquiry into that subject—can the right hon . gent . affect surprize that the public mind should be in a state of ferment ? The public are alarmed , sir , at the discoveries that have been made ; and unless we shew them by 56 our proceedings that every thing will be investigated ; that every delinquency will be dragged forth to public view and punished , if not by the immediate sentence of the law , by the censure and contempt of this house , a punishment exceeding perhaps any which the law can inflict ; I say , unless we convince the public of our sincerity in the pursuit and prosecution of corruption , it is wholly unreasonable , nay absurd , to expect that the popular ferment of which the right hon . gent , has so pathetically , complained , should subside . But above all , to endeavour to shelter or screen delinquencies , by precluding inquiry , on the ground of the too great generality of the motion of the noble lord , is a procedure which I do assert to be pregnant with the most imminent danger . I do not deny that the motion might have been in terms more definite , and more specific ; but I solemnly declare , that I do not see any thing in the nature or expressions of the motion which can form any reason why I should vote against it . It is alledged , that the power to be granted to a committee , if this motion should be agreed to , is indefinite , and greatly too extensive . But I would ask , is it not in our power to make a selection from amongst the members of this house , of men deserving of our confidence , to sit on that committee ? Can we not change , and even dissolve that committee at our pleasure ? Sir , I do think that twenty-one persons may be found in this house , to whom this general power may with great safety be delegated , even admitting the extent of such power to be of importance fully commensurate with what has been stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Such a power vested in a committee could never be attended with the slightest danger , or even inconvenience , being at all times under our immediate controul , and revokable the moment that an inconvenience , or even apprehension was felt , from the manner in which it might be exercised . I can not but think that my noble friend ( lord