India Company . The hon . baronet thought the Resolution of the Directors should at present be only prospective , but if that were to be the case , how could they , after what had passed , suppose that it would be more effectual than it had been on former occasions ? He should therefore give it his negative . spoke in favour of the motion . He said , that when this matter of the traffic in East India Patronage first came accidentally before the house , he had given it us his opinion , that the house , in appointing a Committee , went out of its province , and had no more business to interfere than they had with the conduct of the clerks of the Bank of England ; but having once so far interfered , and the Committee , from feelings of a proper indignation , having expressed a strong opinion on the transaction , he thought it would be bat fair and reasonable in the house now to give their opinion on that part of the Report of the Committee , in order to neutralize the matter , and that the house might leave the question where they found it , and that the Directors might be at liberty to act as they thought proper after it . He coincided in opinion with Mr. Windham , and thought the Resolution of the hon . baronet not only an act of humanity , but of strict justice . He dwelt with considerable feeling on the hardship of ruining young men who had suffered the unspeakable torment of having torn themselves from their nearest and dearest relatives , friends , and from their native country , for the purpose of rising in the world ; whose prospects would perhaps be just beginning to brighten upon them , when they would receive their recal , for 1075 an act done by their father or guardian , to which they were no parties , but altogether ignorant of any thing having been done amiss . Was it to the father who gave the money they were to be brought back ? Alas ! no—the father might be dead before their return , and it might be to the sorrowing arms of a widowed mother , who looked to him as the prop of her old age ; or to those of destitute sisters , who would behold in him an object of beggary and ruin . He was a total stranger to all the parties who could be affected by the resolution of the Directors ; but , from the circumstances he had mentioned , he could not refuse his support to the present motion . ( the Chairman of the East India Company ) went into an historical account of the proceedings of the Court of Directors since the year 1798 , in which he enumerated the various reasons for entering into the Resolutions in 1799 and 1806 , respecting the sale and traffic of East India Patronage , and said the Directors thought themselves bound to adhere to the letter as well as spirit of them . The power had been invested in them by the Committee , and if taken out of their hands it must weaken , and in the end destroy , the establishment . When the matter of there having been improper practices first came out before the house , it was very warmly taken up ; a Committee was appointed to inquire into the business , and the daily papers teemed with comments and reflections , to the tendency of which the Directors could not be insensible . The learned gent , who spoke last had said , that he supported the motion because the Resolution proposed by it would neutralize the report of the Committee . He for his own part could not , however , see how it was so to operate ; because the Directors did not form their Resolution on that Report , but from a conviction in their own minds that it was absolutely necessary . He had no authority from the Court to express