but he had always under- 704 stood that any person entering into a contract with any of the public boards , such as the Navy board , Transport , or Victualling boards , and being afterwards dissatisfied with the fulfilment of it , found himself absolutely without a remedy , owing to the nonliability of the public officer ; which could never happen if a contract was agreed upon by two persons , neither of whom were connected with government . The only question therefore , was , to remove the technical difficulties that existed and stood in the way of a legal prosecution of Mr. Palmer 's claim . rose again , and apologized to the house for what might appear to be unnecessarily taking up their time ; but as gentlemen on the other side had not confined themselves to the expediency of the present motion , and still denied the justice of those claims which had been repeatedly acknowledged by the house ; he hoped to be excused in once more replying to the various misrepresentations which had been made since he first had the honour of addressing them upon the subject . He could not help complaining , that so many gentlemen should have formed their opinions without really understanding the case . They seemed to consider Mr. Palmer in the light of any other subordinate officer in a public department , and as such to have justly incurred his dismissal . If they would be content with this , and not insist that the forfeiture of his office included his agreement for the percentage in the encreased revenue , which in justice and common sense must be considered as distinct ; having on his part upon a former occasion , in order to conciliate as much as possible the general feeling of the house , given up the salary , to which the whole of the committee with the exception of only one hon . member , a strenuous advocate for the rest of the claim , had declared Mr. Palmer to be entitled to ; he should not now say a word on the subject , but as the forfeiture of both had been insisted on , it became necessary to defend both . Considering Mr. Palmer as a mere subordinate officer , whatever opinion he might have had of his own merits or the demerits of the Postmaster general , having the authority they were justified in dismissing him . But the hon . member hoped to place Mr. Palmer 's conduct and situation in a very different point of view , and from the sentiments he had lately heard expressed on all sides the house , he trusted the attempt would not be 705 in vain . He begged the house to consider that when Mr. Palmer first made his proposals to government , he was not a needy adventurer , but in those circumstances wherein a moderate degree of attention to his own affairs , might have insured that ample fortune to his family which so many others had acquired . Under such circumstances then , it was not , to be supposed that he would have abandoned a certainty for an uncertainly , or have made an agreement with the government , of which he could entertain the slightest doubt of the performance on their part when he had completed his own . What then was the agreement in the first instance ? why that Mr. Palmer was to have two and a-half per cent , on the future encreased revenue of the post office , in consequence of his plan , if it succeeded , but not a shilling if it failed . When it was found necessary , from the opposition to his plan by the post office , that he should superintend its execution , this agreement was new modelled into the form of an appointment for life , giving Mr. Palmer the uncontrouled management of his plan , and commuting part of his percentage on the encreased revenue , for a salary attached to his appointment . Nor can it be imagined for a moment ,