for the most part , I believe , most ably and uprightly administered , and where certainly as great and eminent lawyers and jurists have been produced , and men of as pure and unspotted character , as are to be found in the legal history of any country whatever . Yet were all the seats in these assemblies , regularly , publicly , and avowedly bought and sold . So little do the effects of civil and political institutions , or the laws relating to them , answer in fact and practice to what the theories even of the wisest and best informed men , would previously pronounce of them ! That these tribunals , whether such or not as I have described them , could not be such as our coarse and narrow prejudices , or our hasty and inconsiderate theories , would lead us to suppose , is demonstrable from the fact . For no country , much less such a one as I am adverting to , would consent for ages together , that the whole source of its justice should be polluted and corrupt . But to avoid all reference to instances liable to dispute , let us only ask whether we have not among ourselves , appointments , which if not absolutely judicial , are very closely connected either with judicial functions , or with others not less repugnant to the admission of any thing corrupt or impure , of which the sale is not only practised , but publicly tolerated and authorised . In what department , too , of the state , are these offices found ? In the law , and in the church . Is it not notorious , that part of the salary or emoluments of our judges , the well-earned , necessary , inadequate emoluments of our judges , arises from the sale of places , having duties belonging to them connected with the business of their courts ? Yet does any man , on this account , impeach the integrity or purity of our judges ; which is on the contrary ( and deservedly ) the constant subject of our boast ? or find ground for insinuating that the functions of these offices are not as well performed , and the persons 741 filling them , as respectable and proper persons , as they could be , if they were appointed in any other manner ? The church furnishes examples likewise , which , if not directly in point , equally contradict the position above supposed , if laid down to its full extent and in such a manner , as not to avail itself of the distinction between an actual and a virtual sale . For what does any man do , who purchases and who sells the advowson of a living ? or who purchases or sells the next presentation ? does not he , both in effect and intentionally , purchase or sell the nomination to an office of the highest trust and confidence ? And if this be morally wrong , can it cease to be so , because the act of appointment is not to take place immediately , but is in some degree contingent and remote ? Can that which is corrupt and criminal if carried into effect immediately , become perfectly innocent , because the execution of it is made to depend on an event , which , though certain , may not happen for several months ? It is impossible , therefore , to maintain , that the sale of seats in parliament is corrupt , simply upon the principle , that it is corrupt to take a valuable consideration for a nomination to a place of trust and confidence . The known , recognised , authorised , avowed practice of our own country , in departments the most exempt from any suspicion of impurity , and where the admission of any thing incorrect would be most anxiously guarded against , is in direct contradiction to such a position . We have still therefore , to look for the ground on which either the buyer or the seller ,