as I originally framed it , being resolved to carry an easy sail at first , for fear of oversetting my vessel in a new and dangerous navigation . I now come , my lords , to the second part of the case , which will occupy but a small portion of your lordships ' time , on which I am afraid I have trespassed but too long already . ( Hear ! hear ! ) Supposing , now , your lordships to be desirous of subscribing to the principles I have opened to you , and to feel the propriety of endeavouring to prevent , as far as possible , the inhuman cruelties practised upon animals , so general and so notorious , as to render a more particular statement of them as unnecessary as it would have been disgusting : the main question will then arise , viz . How the jurisdiction erected by this Bill , if it shall pass into a law , may be executed by courts and magistrates , without investing them with a new and arbitrary discretion . My lords , I feel the great importance of this consideration , and I have no desire to shrink from it ; on the contrary I invite your lordships to the closest investigation of it , and for that purpose , I will myself anticipate every possible objection of that description , and give your lordships , in a very few words , the most decisive answers to them.—How , it may be first asked , are magistrates to distinguish between the justifiable labours of the animal , which from man 's necessities is often most fatiguing , and apparently excessive , and that real excess which the Bill seeks to punish as wilful and wanton cruelty ? How are they to distinguish between the blows which are necessary , when beasts of labour are lazy or refractory , or even blows of sudden passion and temper , from deliberate , cold-blooded , ferocious cruelty , which we see practised every day we live , and which 566 have a tendency , as the preamble recites , to harden the heart against all the impulses of humanity ? —How , in the same manner , are they to distinguish between the fatigues and sufferings of beasts for slaughter , in their melancholy journeys to death in our markets , from unnecessary and therefore barbarous aggravations of them ? Here , my lords , I am at home ; here I know my course so completely , that I can scarcely err . I am no speculator upon the effect of the law which I propose to you , as the wisest legislators must often be , who are not practically acquainted with the administration of justice . Having passed my life in our courts of law when filled with the greatest judges , and with the ablest advocates , who from time to time have since added to their number , I know with the utmost precision the effect of it in practice , and I pledge myself to your lordships , that the execution of the Bill , if it passes into law , will be found to be most simple and easy ; raising up no new principles of law , and giving to courts no larger discretion , nor more difficult subjects for judgment than they are in the constant course of exercising . First of all , my lords , the law I propose to your lordships is not likely to be attended with abuse in prosecution , a very great , but I am afraid an incurable , evil in the penal code . I stimulate no mercenary informers , which I admit often to be necessary to give effect to criminal justice , I place the lower world entirely under the genuine unbought sympathies of man.—No one is likely to prosecute by indictment , or to carry a person before a magistrate , without probable , or rather without obvious and flagrant cause , when he can derive no personal benefit from the prosecution , nor carry it on