Perceval ) had said , that no such expressions had been used in former times as were on the present occasion . This he ( Mr. Whitbread ) denied . Could it be supposed that when Mr. Dunning introduced his bill against the influence of the crown , expres- 955 sions equally strong and plain were not used ? Did not that bill expressly say , that `` the influence of the crown had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished . '' That right hon . gent. , however , introduced a language into that house , as to the sale of seats in parliament , which no former Speaker would have endured . He was sorry to say the present right hon . gent. , who so honourably filled that high station , was obliged to listen to it ; for the fact had been incontestibly proved ; and the right hon . gent . had openly avowed and vindicated it ; and when , from the zeal and sincerity of the house , they were about to have a Bill that would go a great way to put an end to such disgraceful proceedings , that right hon . gent . came forward , and was willing the bill should preclude the landed and monied interest from purchasing seats in that house , but was very ready and anxious to give the whole monopoly to government in the way of offices , and by that means make the mischief more grievous and more extensive than ever it was before . The learned Chancellor of the Exchequer considered it the duty of the house not to indulge any hopes of reform , which might be entertained out of doors . Let him not be alarmed , lest any false hopes should be entertained by the people respecting him . For what hopes could be indulged , when they saw a noble Secretary ( lord Castlereagh ) convicted , on his own confession , of an attempt upon the dignity of parliament , still retained in the service of the crown ; when they knew that the right hon . gent . himself had been accused of a participation in another unconstitutional attack upon the independence of that house , and had shrunk from the inquiry ? When they recollected that he , one of the greatest reversionists of the kingdom , had opposed the passing of a measure which had twice received the sanction of that house , for the purpose of correcting such an abusive exercise of the prerogative . That right hon . gent . had taken care the people should have nothing to hope for from him . He had positively denied that all which the house had heard , either from petitions or regular county meetings , was the opinion of the people ; it was only the clamour of a set of demagogues , who wished to carry their own favourite points . That house , forsooth , the learned gentleman contended , should not now mistake the voice of a few designing demagogues assembled at a tavern , for the legitimate opinion of 956 the country . Oh yes ! when every county in the empire resounded with a cry for the correction of gross abuses , the answer is , these are clamours of Jacobins and Demagogues ; and the learned gentleman totally forgot what he himself had seen and heard , the cry of some infuriated ruffians armed with bludgeons , insulting and abusing some of the best men in the country , as enemies to Church and State ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Turbulence and insanity or ' this kind , in the estimation of the learned gentleman , bespoke the sense of the people ; but the converse was applied to the legitimate expression of their sentiments , when the people were convened constitutionally , and their decision unsupported by any factious arts ( Cries of hear , hear ! and laughter , from the ministerial benches ) , `` unsupported , I say , '' ( added Mr. W. ) `` by