right hon . gentleman , they can not help considering tithes to be , 641 in their nature and their origin , which really and truly considered they are , and can be nothing else , namely a mode of taxation for the maintenance of the clergy ; so it does not appear that there would be great difficulty in substituting any other mode of taxation or any other appropriated fund for the present ; because that any mode by which the salaries of the clergy might be collected in Ireland would be preferable to the present : and a better tax might be easily substituted for one which is the worst possible in its effects . But , says the right hon . gent. , tithes are not a tax , because he purchases his estate subject to them . May he not purchase his estate subject to the land-tax ? and is it therefore a less tax , from the burthen of which he may be relieved by the legislature , or which may be modified in any way or exchanged , or sold , as it actually has been , when the public service may require ? And why may not tithes as easily find a substitute ? If the payment must proceed from the land only , why not substitute a percentage upon rents ? or if the salaries of the clergy ought to be paid by all subjects equally , why not substitute a property tax on any other fund appropriated to the purpose ? And as there are now actually in Ireland not one establishment only , but three religious establishments recognized by law , such a tax would enable the state to give an adequate maintenance to all the three establishments . And according to common policy and justice , it should appear that all the ministers of religion acknowledged by law should be amply supported by the public , or at least so far as to render them respectable to and independent of , their congregations . And if a fund was established for this purpose , even in part by the sale of the ecclesiastical tithes , contrived with any other means , the surplus of such funds might be applied to redeem the lay impropriations.—Now , sir , I could wish with regard to every subject , but more particularly with regard to this , that the gentlemen of England were fully apprised of the situation of the sister island ; and principally with the situation of the lower orders . With regard to tithes Ireland is peculiarly circumstanced , and in all respects differently from England . In this country they are in general paid by the members of one church to the ministers of the same church : but in Ireland they are chiefly paid by the poor , and for the support of a clergy of a different 642 persuasion . In England wherever there is a modus or a composition the payment of tithes is no grievance : it is cheerfully paid ; or it ought to be so ; and I doubt if I should vote for any alteration in the system of tithes in England . But will you teach the people of Ireland not to consider their grievances according to their own ideas and feelings ; where the tithes are principally paid by the poorer orders of catholics ; where all the pastures of the rich protestant grazier , where all the gardens , plantations and demesnes of the rich protestant proprietor , resident , or non resident , pay nothing to the support of their own church , while the cottier or labourer , who lives , or rather rots at his gate , can not dig a meal for his children from his garden , at least in the south of Ireland , until the proctor 's arbitrary demand is satisfied : and let it be what it will , it must be satisfied , or the wretch is threatened with what sounds more dreadful in his ears than the echo of French artillery would do , he is threatened with