stage of our proceedings . There was on a former day a remark made by a noble earl opposite ( Grosvenor ) , that this bill has completely altered its shape from what it was in its original state , and that the principle has been so far changed , that it can no longer be deemed the same bill which was first introduced in another place . I rejoice , my lords the bill has undergone those alterations . For , in its original stale as introduced by an hon . member ( Mr. Curwen ) , who unquestionably was actuated by the purest motives , it was liable to very serious objection , and upon consideration was generally admitted to be so by almost every man in the house ; and even that hon . gent . with his usual candour , gave way to the propriety of the objections . That every abuse ought to be remedied , admits of no doubt , and that in- 1035 * fluence corruptly exercised , ought to be prevented , we all agree is necessary ; and so far the bill , after being subjected to certain alterations , most wisely provides ; but I never can admit that it would be for the interests of the country to destroy the natural preponderance which the influence of property will ever preserve in the representation of the people . It is the course of things ; and make twenty bills if you please against it , property will always possess a great degree of influence ; and when you have made laws against that influence being corruptly exercised , you will have done all in your power , and all that is necessary and beneficial , for the purity of the constitution . . It gives me great satisfaction , my lords , that the noble secretary deferred the discussion of this bill to its present stage of proceeding . Thereby an opportunity has been afforded for a fuller attendance of your lordships ; for did not think it perfectly decorous , nor would it have been quite decent , that such an important measure should have been debated in a thin house ; besides , another advantage has accrued—that of giving more time for its due consideration . With regard to the greater part of the noble Secretary 's speech , I most readily subscribe to many of those sentiments which have been delivered , but there are parts of that speech , containing sentiments to which I find it impossible to subscribe . It has been stated , that this measure does hot partake of the nature of reform , as generally understood ; but , my lords , disguise the name as you please , it still remains the same , and is really a species of reform . Neither , my lords , is it less deserving of our approbation ; because , if abuses are admitted and avowed , it is our duty to redress them . Glad should I have been , if the provisions of this bill had been in unison with its title , which certainly recommends itself to our approbation and respect . Still , whatever the measure may be called , and however deficient in its extent , it is a part of that system of reform , which I rejoice has some time commenced , and which , for the interests of the nation , is not likely to cease . The first step in this progressive reformation of abuse began by the introduction of a bill for the prevention of granting certain Places in Reversion , which , though not at that time , was ultimately successful . The bill which lately passed for preventing the Sale of Offices was another measure for the reform of * 1036 abuses , and would have been entitled to my hearty approbation , if it had not been for certain exceptions , which incurred my dissent . It has also been publicly known , that other abuses have lately existed , and the present bill was introduced for the purpose of extending