an appeal , unless it should appear to the Lord Chancellor that the creditors have no good ground for withholding it ; and it appeared from an account on the table , that out of 16,000 persons , who had been bankrupt within the last twenty years , 6,597 were uncertificated , and could never acquire any property for themselves or their families , unless this clause should be enacted to place them within the reach of relief . contended that the great proportion of uncertificated bankrupts being three-eighths of the whole number , proved that the interference of parliament was necessary . This proportion was much the greatest in years of unexampled misfortune ; and this circumstance went strongly to prove , that it was not merely the dishonesty of debtors , but their misfortunes , which were punished by stopping their certificates . contended that it was better that , according to the law as it now stands , the bankrupt 's certificate should depend on the judgment of the creditors than of the Lord Chancellor . He cited to this effect the opinions of lord Thurlow , lord Rosslyn , and lord Clare , who had been all of them chancellors . He thought that in this bill humanity appeared to be confined to the bankrupts , and that the sufferings of the creditors had not been sufficiently attended to . If , however , the clause should be rejected , he would move that instead of four-fifths of the creditors , three-fourths of the creditors , and of those only who had released the person of the bankrupt , should be sufficient for signing the certificate . said , that the hon . and learned gent . had misstated what lord Eldon had said about the opinions of lords Thurlow , Rosslyn , and Clare . What they had said was , that it would be dangerous to leave the determination of the certificate entirely to the Chancellor . The present clause , however , did no such thing : it only empowered the Chancellor to interfere if he thought proper , upon a petition presented by a bankrupt who had been two years without his certificate . Now , as to fraudulent bankrupts , all those who had any experience in the court of chancery knew that they obtained their 99 certificate easier than the honest bankrupts . Fraudulent bankrupts always contrived to have false debts proved , in order to get themselves whitewashed , according to the common phrase . Their bankruptcies were for the purpose of gaining their certificates ; whereas honest bankrupts had much oftener to endure the severity of the laws from the obstinacy or caprice of some one creditor . He allowed the people of England and the merchants of England were generally humane ; but often great cruelties were practised , which the law should prevent . To say , that from the humanity of the English character these cruelties were not common , was in fact to say nothing . Neither were murders common , but that was no reason that there should not be laws against them . He could state one instance of cruelty to a bankrupt which came within his own knowledge . A bankrupt had been arrested at the suit of a house in the city , and one of the partners of that house was chosen the assignee . This assignee delayed for three years to make any sort of dividend , in order that the house might not be obliged to make its election about proving under the commission . At the end of three years , however he was obliged to make a dividend , but he then divided his debt , proving only one-half . This creditor had frequently been heard to declare , that the bankrupt should never go out of jail except to his grave , and his threat was accomplished . It having been stated to the Chancellor , that the bankrupt could not live more than two or three weeks longer in confinement , he appointed an early day to hear his petition ; but though