prerogative in proroguing parliament during the session , before the house had come to a decision on the subject.—It was said that we need not be in such a violent hurry now to render this bill perpetual , because , while the Suspension Act continued , no place in reversion could be granted . What ! was he to be told this , when he knew that on this very Suspension Act passing , a minister had been bold enough to say , that he would not hesitate to advise his majesty to grant a place in reversion immediately , and that for no other reason than because such a bill had passed ! ( Hear ! hear ! ) The lords had before objected to the bill . Did the Chancellor of the Exchequer know that the lords had changed their minds on the subject ? If they had not , send the bill , then , to them in time , and let them deliberate fully upon it . Let the people see that Parliament was interested , as far as it could , to relieve their burthens . He was no advocate for giving way to popular clamour , but he would never advise any set of men to oppose right by way of showing that they would not succumb to public opinion . Would it not be a pretty thing to say to the people ( by way of evincing spirit ) , `` we have agreed on a measure for years ; but now since we see you wish to have it carried , we will disagree to it , and there 's 200 your clamour for you ! '' He would ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer had he any measure to ground upon the Third Report ? What ! he has not ; he would have it lie on the table a dead letter , and he would demand as a consequence of such conduct , the confidence of the people.—He was glad this Third Report had been made the subject of a motion on a future day , though he confessed he would wish that such a motion should have come from those in power , because their official authority would have given it more weight . He agreed that little good as to the reduction of taxes could be occasioned by this measure ; but , at the same time , ministers by concurring in it , would shew an inclination to reduce the influence of the crown , and to produce economy where it could be produced . From the right hon . gentlemen opposite he expected nothing . One of them did not think the measure worth opposing , and the other two observed a strict silence . From the house , however , he had better expectations . He hoped they would recollect that during the last sessions they were unanimous , and would by their vote of that night shew that they were still willing to do something to gratify the wishes of the country.—Those in power , indeed , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer in particular , seemed to get bolder and bolder every day against Reform . Why ? Because popular clamour , was raised in its favour perhaps . He would advise that right hon . gentleman and his colleagues to abandon such a course ; he would seriously advise them not to treat too lightly the heat of the people . Why was the Chancellor of the Exchequer so strenuous against reform ? Why did he not endeavour to retrench unnecessary expences , useless offices ? A noble relation of his ( lord Arden ) held a situation , or indeed two situations , whereof the proceeds were 35,000l . a year , of which , for the collection , 23,000l . was expended , and in whose hands for the last seventeen years , an annual balance of 200,000l . remained . He would support the motion as tending to diminish the too great influence of the crown , and to reduce the unnecessary expenditure of the public money . explained