. Mr. Yorke then moved , That the copy of a Letter , dated Sept. 8 , 1808 , containing an account of the number of transports employed in carrying French and Spanish troops from Lisbon , should be laid before the house.—Agreed to . rose to put a question to a right hon . gent , opposite , as to the interpretation of the Treaty entered into with Spain , that part of it , he meant , which went to bind his majesty to an alliance with the Spanish Government . He would read to the house from a paper he held in his hand , the passage of which he now sought the explanation , it ran thus , `` His Britannic Majesty engages to continue to assist to the utmost of his power the Spanish Nation in their struggle , against the tyranny and usurpation of France , and promises not to acknowledge any other king of Spain , and of the Indies thereunto appertaining , than his catholic majesty Ferdinand the Seventh , his heirs , or such lawful successor as the Spanish nation shall acknowledge . '' Now in his judgment , this might admit of either of two interpretations , and yet he was not at all prepared to say , whether either of those two interpretations was such a one as the treaty itself was meant to bear : one , that it admitted of , was that the king was bound to acknowledge Ferdinand , and no other in any event , as king of Spain ; the other , of which it might equally admit , was , that the king was bound to admit as the successor of Ferdinand a king de facto , being so acknowledged as king by the Spanish nation , and considered by them as the lawful successor of Ferdinand . replied , that the Treaty in question was not meant to bear either of the two interpretations mention- 105 ed by the right hon . gentleman . The Treaty was not in either of those senses . It certainly did go to bind his majesty in strict alliance with the Spanish nation , and , of course , to the exclusive acknowledgment of Ferdinand as their lawful sovereign ; but this was only so long as the Spanish nation thought proper to hold good to their part of the contract . Ferdinand , and the immediate successors to the Spanish throne , were then in the power of France : and it had been understood , that in the event of the removal of their claims by demise , it would become a matter of grave question amongst the Spanish jurists , upon whom the superior right of succession to the crown would devolve ; it was therefore but provident to word that part of the Treaty so as it might bear a prospective relation to such an event ; for it would not be denied , that in a question of that nature , this country would have no right to interfere with the exclusive privilege of the Spanish people . That part of the Treaty had that bearing and the most desirable object in the case of such an event they had in view was , the legitimacy of the successor , qualified by the acknowledgment of the nation . As to any question arising out of the successful issue of French usurpation , when that usurpation was acknowledged and acceded to by the Spanish nation , Spain and England would be no longer acting in concert against France , and therefore the avowed object of the present Treaty would be given up , and the contract between the two countries dissolved . Whenever the Spanish nation should cease to consider France as her enemy , while France was ours , from that moment the Treaty would be ipso facto annulled . said , that as far as related to the divided claim to the crown of Spain eventually , and the doubts upon that subject among the Spanish jurists , he knew nothing of either till the right hon . gent