made between the interests of high and low , rich and poor , he should be not a little shaken in his opposition , and must be driven in a great measure from that argument , which , as long as it could be maintained , was conclusive against every such proposal , namely , that there was no class in the community whose interests , even as parliament was at present constituted , were not upon the whole fairly taken care of . What a pretty figure must we make in the world , if in one column of the newspapers we should read a string of instances of men committed under 'the Cruelty Bill , ' some to the county gaol to wait for trial at the assizes , some by summary process to the house of correction ; and in another part , an article of 'Sporting Intelligence , ' setting forth the exploits of my lord Such-a-one 's hounds , how the hounds threw off at such a cover ; that bold Reynard went off in a gallant stile , & c. , and was not killed till after a chace of ten hours ; that of fifty horsemen who were out at the beginning not above five were in at the death , that three horses died in the field , and several it was thought would never recover ; and that upon the whole it was the most glorious day 's sport , ever remembered since the pack was first set up ! Was it possible that men could stand the shame of such statements ? that this house which tolerated such sports , nay , which claimed them , as the peculiar privilege of the class to which it belonged , a house of hunters and shooters , should , while they left these untouched , 1025 * be affecting to take the brute creation under their protection ; and be passing bills for the punishment of every carter or driver , whom an angry passenger should accuse of chastising his horse with over severity ? He begged not to be understood , as condemning the sports , to which he had been alluding , and much less , as charging with cruelty all those who took delight in them , cruel as the acts themselves undoubtedly were . He would not dispute with his friend , the hon . mover ( sir Ch . Bunbury ) what the quantum of cruelty was in horse racing , whether the whip was always as much spared as he supposed , or whether when it was , the forbearance proceeded from humanity , or from an opinion that more would be lost , by the horse 's swerving and the rider 's seat being rendered unsteady than would be gained by the pain . Though no sportsman himself , he should lament the day , if ever it should happen in this country , that from false refinement and mistaken humanity they should be abolished or fall into disuse . So far from arraigning those who followed them , his doctrine had ever been , that , odd as it might seem , cruel sports did not make cruel people : and he would quote for this the great body of the English country gentlemen , now and in all former times . But as long as , upon that ground , and for wise and salutary purposes , such practices , cruel as they were , were permitted , and even upheld , he could not consent , that the house should go off into that wild career of humanity , that was proposed by the present bill . He denied , generally speaking , the existence of the abuses complained of . He denied at least the increase of them , and that the treatment of animals now was worse than in former times , or with us than in other countries . There was in general , no doubt , a very coarse and harsh treatment of them , such as might be expected from the coarseness of the people to whom