profession to become an American Commissioner , and that in addition to a salary of l,500l.per annum . He did not mean to detract from the merits of Mr. M'Donald , but he could see no reason why such a sum of the public money should be given to induce any person to abandon his profession , when so many thousands of persons could be procured to execute the business of the Commission as well , for the bare salary . Mr. John Bowles too must have a consideration for abandoning his profession , and the house had no difficulty to appreciate the means he had taken to secure that consideration . Mr. John Bowles to be compensated for the loss of a profession , at which he might have starved , had it not been for this profitable job of Dutch Commissioner ! ! ! Mr. Bowles had discovered that it was much more profitable to trade in Anti-Jacobinism under Mr. Pitt , than to wait for causes at the bar.—He was sorry to detain the house with such a man as Mr. Bowles , but it happened that his career was connected with some very important points . It shewed the nature of the cry of Anti-Jacobinism , which had been set up with so much vigour to defeat the most beneficial political objects—it exposed the principle upon which the loudest of these Anti-Jacobin declaimers acted , which was solely a view to their own private emolument . This John Bowles afforded an admirable specimen of an Anti-Jacobin—the eulogist of existing powers—the defender of present establishments—the denouncer of all , who might condemn abuses , or call for reform , as vile Jacobins . These tricks would no longer impose upon the public—the mystery was discovered—Mr . John Bowles himself had let out the secret , and the reign of imposture and delusion was at an end . This transaction afforded a useful lesson to all governments how they should bestow important pecuniary trusts upon persons having no merit to recommend them but the circumstance of their being mercenary hireling authors . If governments would employ such persons , they must share the disgrace brought on by their conduct.—For his own part , much as he condemned the conduct of the 297 Commissioners , he looked upon the neglect of government as still more criminal . It was this neglect that produced all the infamous transactions which had lately been brought to light . It was a bounty upon roguery , and an encouragement to abuses . Negligence of this description , and a profligate profusion in the public expenditure , had been the peculiar characteristics of the administration under which these Commissioners had been appointed.—Before he should conclude , he had a few words to add upon the mode in which these accounts were passed . A right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) had stated in his evidence before the Committee , that they were to be referred to the Auditors of Public Accounts from the Treasury , and in this he appeared to have been incorrect . Another hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) admitted that the accounts were to be delivered in at the Treasury to be passed . Now , most unquestionably the Treasury was the last place to which he should consent to send the accounts of so loyal a man as Mr. John Bowles to be audited and passed ; because it was not improbable , that he might have friends there , who would not be very strict in the examination and sifting of his accounts , and , besides , the Treasury had not power to examine upon oath . If he was rightly informed , the practice was , that accounts sent in on one day were often passed on the next day.—In the Resolutions which he meant to propose , he should introduce one , directing that the Accounts should be sent to the Auditors of Public Accounts to be passed . As to the proportion of remuneration which it might be desirable to give to the Commissioners , he thought that