before he exerted his influence to reject the motion , would have condescended to consider what it really was , and then he would not have had occasion to combat the phantom which he himself had raised . He would state his opinion of the motion , and the reason why it had been brought forward . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had lately introduced a bill to prevent trafficking in places . He ( lord Folkestone ) had stated that at the treasury there existed a market , where a traffic was carried on for seats in that house , and that in consequence thereof persons came into that house bound to vote as they were ordered . There was at that moment an appearance on the other side of the house , as if they meant to deny the fact ; but on its being more roundly asserted by an hon . friend of his not then in the house ( Mr. Creevey , ) ministers reverted to recrimination . He ( lord Folkestone ) then declared that he would move a clause on this subject , to be added to the bill ; but upon Mr. Curwen 's giving notice of this motion , he gave up the idea of introducing that clause . His right hon . friend who spoke last , had said it was senseless to sup- 371 pose men in office would traffic for such places : it was , however , clearly ascertained they did so , and having come under the cognizance of the house , it appeared to him impossible the house should refuse to countenance a bill , the object of which was to correct such abuses ; and if the house refused to grant what was little for them to give , but great for the people to receive—if they refused to grant that relief which the bill held forth , it would be apt to drive the people to despair , and dispose them to look to other means than those which were nothing more than the real spirit of the constitution . said , that the manner in which the hon . gent . had brought forward his motion , made it necessary for him to trouble the house at greater length than he would have wished to do . The noble lord who had just sat down , had given notice of a clause which he intended to bring forward , to be added to the Bill which he ( Mr. Perceval ) had introduced and he had promised the noble lord to give such clause a candid and serious consideration . He did also mean , and still continued in the same mind , to give an impartial judgment on the merits of the present bill ; but it was impossible he could do so at present , for he could not by any means form an opinion in what way or on what grounds the hon . gent . meant to obtain his object . There seemed to him to be an impracticability of doing it , but he would not oppose his bringing in the bill , in order that he and the house might be able to judge what the merits and demerits of it might be . But , in agreeing to the motion of the hon . gent . for leave to bring in his bill , he begged distinctly to be understood not to give any pledge to concur in the measure , or to consent to any project of alteration , regulation , or reform , such as that proposed by the hon . member . He could not , under the call of the hon . gent. , pledge himself to support his measure throughout , though he should agree to its introduction , because as far as he was able to judge of it from the statement of the hon . gent . himself , he did not think he could put it into any practicable shape , which would entitle it to the adoption of parliament . The hon .