Battle of Vimiera took place on the 21st . I do not wish to cast any blame upon him ; but I think the situation in which he was placed did induce him to incur a hazard which he ought not to have done . He advanced with an army little more than superior to Junot 's , and he hazarded this certain consequence , that , though his success could not be decisive , a defeat would have been fatal , as , had the fortune of the day been different , the whole of the expedition must have failed . On the 21st sir Harry Burrard landed . Sir Harry Burrard shewed his high mind on this occasion , when he declined to take the command , and gave to sir Arthur Wellesley all the merit . The Battle of Vimiera was gained with honour to the troops engaged in it . I have no doubt that with the impressions of success further advantages might have been obtained by an immediate pursuit , but I think the reasons given by sir H. Burrard , are very substantial and satisfactory . Whatever prejudice may have arisen to the country from that event , is to be , ascribed to his majesty 's ministers , in having so arranged their system of action , that an officer should take the command of an army in the midst of an action , and before he could have any opportunity of examining the scene , was not to be expected , that an officer , with so heavy a responsibility , should have acted otherwise than he did—By the next day sir Hew Dalrymple arrived , and thus there were three commanders succeeding each other , within the four and twenty hoars.—Then followed that which has been the subject of so much debate ; the Convention of Cintra . A subject upon which the public are unanimous in their opinion . 136 His majesty 's ministers have themselves stated that it has disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country . Its effects may be summed up by stating , that the French general obtained the transport of his army to France with his artillery , six rounds of ammunition , and 800 horses equipped and ready for action , and obtained those advantages which would have been well purchased with the loss of half his army . We may appreciate its advantage , by recollecting what happened at Corunna after the disastrous defeat , of the French troops , in the battle which we are told was fought without hope of advantage . We find , that before our army could embark , it lost 7,000 men , all the horses , stores , ammunition , provisions , and baggage ; and that that it was in such a state of complete disorganization , that at this moment it is not those 7,000 men only that are lost , but the whole army is lost to the service of the country , find must be so for months to come . If such has been the effect of the retreat from Corunna , what has not the enemy to boast of , for the retreat from Cintra ? —The noble Earl , after stating many other circumstances connected with the Convention of Cintra , expressed his opinion that it was an act which , in every point of view , was unadvisable ; but the principal blame he imputed to his majesty 's ministers , for that extraordinary arrangement , by which they had appointed a succession of officers , equally ignorant of local circumstances , and equally jealous of each other ; but , above all , he blamed them for not having instructed them with regard to their ulterior views.—I am , said his lordship , no friend to fettering the discretion of a general officer ; to whom , after having formed a plan , and concerted his operations , I think as large a power as possible ought to be given ; but surely it was not difficult to foresee , that with such a force as