would say , that he was ready to give more for it , and he was certain that he could make a profit by the purchase . agreed with the right lion , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that it would be beneath the dignity of the house to resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , and hear witnesses at their bar on such a subject as this . The principal object of his rising was , that a noble friend of his ( lord Yarborough ) had felt himself excessively hurt at the representations that had been made of his 396 conduct . It would be thought by some people that his lordship had made a sort of Jewish bargain with the government . The fact was , that being in possession of those lands as tenant of the crown , lord Yarborough applied to government , in the year 1805 , for a renewal of the lease , but was told that the ground would probably be wanted for an infirmary . Lord Yarborough felt the force of this objection , and never applied again for the renewal , but offered it to government immediately , there being seventeen years of the lease unexpired . It was then left to surveyors to estimate the value , and those surveyors differed very much , one valuing it at 2,000l . and the other at 8,000l . At length a surveyor valued it at 4,700l . which , although it appeared too small a valuation , both to lord Yarborough and to his friend sir Joseph Banks , who advised him not to take it , yet his lordship resolved to give it to government on those terms . Now it appeared hard , and something like a job , that the lease of those grounds , which could not be renewed to lord Yarborough , for the reason then assigned , should be , so soon after the surrender by him , given to col. Gordon . said , that in whatever observation he had made with respect to lord Yarborough , it certainly was never his intention to throw any sort of reflection on the conduct of that noble lord , but merely to vindicate the government from the imputation of having obtained those grounds from lord Yarborough under false pretences . The fact was , that the bargain was fair on both sides . If the surveyors differed so widely in their report , the one valuing it at 8,000l . and the other at only 2,000l . the reason was , the surveyor who set the larger value on it , conceived that lord Yarborough had a right to let it out on building leases . From all the information he had upon the subject , he must deny that government had made any conditions about what they were to do with the ground when they bought its and the only condition that he knew of was paying a fair price for it . As for the application of lord Yarborough to government to get a renewal of the lease , there was not in the Treasury any evidence or trace of such an application ever having been made . spoke at some length on the propriety of granting every comfort and indulgence to old worn-out sol- 397 diers , who only got admittance into Chelsea Hospital from their long services , their wounds , and their constitutions being worn out in the service of their country . If the nation chose to build palaces for these discharged veterans , ornamented gardens should go along with the palaces ; and the old soldier should not be prevented from walking in them . It would be a pleasing sight to the young as well as to the old to see the worn-out soldier enjoying all the comforts which the liberality of this country designed for them . He thought the lion , baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) had therefore great merit in bringing this subject before the consideration of the house . bore testimony to the long services and professional merits of