satisfied with leaving it where it is , and deferring their plan of Reform to a future opportunity . The house can not be ignorant of the advantage which is taken of our situation , by those who have in contemplation Reforms , which would find few friends amongst us ; it becomes us therefore well to consider , whether we will adopt salutary regulations , or by refusing them , expose ourselves to be reformed by means , that every friend to his country would deprecate . Sir , I lament when I find public men lending themselves to encourage hopes which can not be realized ; does any man believe a Reform in Parliament would exempt us from the Income Tax ? such things aggravate the evils we suffer , without the possibility of providing a remedy . Such , Sir , are my opinions , and in conformity to them , I have felt myself compelled to bring forward this measure , too weak for the strong , and too strong for the weak . It has been powerfully exemplified this night , that we have no longer the means of defending ourselves ; what , Sir , must have been your feelings on hearing a language that was never presumed to be uttered before any of your predecessors ! and yet the house will bear testimony , the chair was never more ably filled , nor was there ever a Speaker who contributed to uphold in a more distinguished manner , the honour and dignity of the station . May we speedily adopt such measures , as will enable you , Sir , to restore respect within the walls , and to command it from the nation at large , and may we persevere in the adoption of such measures , as may secure to us the blessings of a free constitution , and enable us to hand it down to the latest posterity . proceeded at some length to comment upon the inequality of the Duties imposed upon the importation of British and foreign salts into Ireland , which he contended went to discourage the efforts of the British manufacturer , by giving an undue advantage to the foreign market . He admitted the excellence of the Bay salt , but insisted that the British Salt would with proper encouragement very shortly arrive at a comparative degree of excellence . The British manufacturer had a right to every encouragement from Ireland , and he thought this would be best done by an equalization of the duties . He concluded by moving , That the house do resolve itself to-morrow into a Committee , for the purpose of considering the propriety of equalizing the Duties on British and Foreign Salts , imported into Ireland . said , that the British salt was made by the operation of fire , and what was called bay salt was made by the operation of the sun . The British salt was employed only prior to the packing of the beef , and the bay salt in the packing , so that there were no sort of competition in the Irish market between the two kinds of salt , as they were both employed for different purposes , or at least in different branches of the art of salting beef ; the British salt would not be fit in packing the beef , because that kind of salt having undergone the process of boiling would be apt in warm countries to melt and slip from between the interstices of the beef , and so fail in the object of keeping the beef ; in fact , what had made the Irish beef so famous in different quarters of the world for keeping so well in any climate , was the virtue of the bay salt with which it had been cured . The bay salt had been formerly 80 pounds to the bushel , while the British salt was but 56 pounds to the bushel , so much as to the inequality of the duties , since the measures of each bushel were rated at 56 pounds , and then