time to trust to ; the Suspension Bill took eighteen weeks in passing through both houses , and it consequently behoved the house to do its duty in the present instance and take time by the forelock . They must speak plainly the truth . Princes had frowned on their undertaking , and when princes frowned , subjects were apt to tremble . Was it to be supposed that the house would by delay put them in better humour ? Was it in that manner that Magna Charta had been obtained by our brave ancestors ? Was it by waiting like needy supplicants at a minister 's levee , that they were to expect to carry their point ? No they must be strenuous , active , and determined , otherwise they would continue to fail as they had hitherto done . He was glad to see a full attendance of ministers ; 194 if they meant to oppose the bill , he hoped they would do it in a manly way . Let them not give sinister support and silent opposition . Let them not come with their amendments to instruct the house how to model their conduct and the bill , so as to render both agreeable to the lords . If advice they will give , let it be to princes to respect the proceedings of that house , and not to the house to study the means of pleasing princes . Let them seriously shew those princes , that the wealth and splendour with which they are invested , come from the liberality of the people , through the medium of that house ; and that notwithstanding they are indeed the rich foliage of the Corinthian capital , yet the strength of it is in the shaft . When a prince took upon him to write to that house , there could remain but little doubt that he had met with those in that house who had been ready to aid him with advice on the occasion . Let them extend that advice where it was fully as much wanted , or they would not fulfil the duties of their station . If they faultered and wavered in so doing , they might shew they were ready `` to ride on the whirlwind , '' but totally incapable of `` directing the storm . '' The times were severe and scrutinizing . On this occasion , the conduct and character of the house was more at stake than at most other times . The present was a period in which , measures were not of much weight , unless supported by character . It might , perhaps , be objected to the bill that it was a bill of selection ; it was well known reversions were given to children , and , therefore , the offices to be abolished must be selected . Feeling this a part of a system to which the house had pledged itself , he was anxious to know if they would follow up their measure . Delay could only increase the difficulties ; and the house should feel that it was a measure called for by the country with universal acclaim . He was the enemy to innovation when he called upon parliament to effect temperate reform . In doing so , he by no means acceded to the opinion , that the period in which he lived was amongst the worst times of the constitution . He , on the contrary , believed , that liberty and constitutional blessings were better felt by the present generation than by our ancestors . Theirs was the keenness of pursuit , ours the calmness of enjoyment . And it was therefore nothing but infatuation , that could urge princes at this moment to raise the warhoop of pre- 195 rogative ; to doubt the constitutional attachment of that house to the executive , and to create general distrust throughout the empire . They ought to have been better lessoned ; but his apprehension was that they were not apt scholars . The house was now called upon to decide a most important