say on the subject ? Their accounts differed as much in this as in the amount of the army . Sir John Moore stated that he got no information at all—two persons were sent to him , old men , or rather old women , to consult with him , but such was the ignorance they displayed , that he entreated to be troubled with them no more ; yet his lordship called this snaking provision for the information of the army . The noble lord had been standing up in his own defence , and never man in such a situation was so little cheered by his friends . He could not assert that the Spanish government had acted rightly in every thing . He feared it resembled the noble lord too much ; both would come in for a share of the credit of the Campaign . But as he was of opinion that much the larger proportion was due to the noble lord , he should give his hearty support to the Resolutions of his noble friend . without meaning any disrespect to the noble lord who brought forward this question , said , he could not have thought it possible for the gentlemen opposite , provided with so numerous a band ready to undertake their cause , to have pitched on one who would have supported it on such objectionable grounds . The noble lord had , however , been followed in his arguments by the right hon . gent . who spoke last , who 466 though he had added nothing in substance to his reasoning , had done much in eloquence , and had introduced at least a poetical , if not a very apt illustration . At the end of his speech , too , the right hon . gentleman had been very happy in hitting upon a new method of rousing the flagging attention of his hearers . In the drama , and even in oratory , it was allowed to give as much eclat as possible to the conclusion ; and improving on this principle the right hon . gent. , who had been uncheered through the whole of his eloquent speech , had , by a very delicate mode of applying the observation to another , conveyed a reproof to his own friends for this omission , and taught them how they ought to have received the declaration of his opinion ( Laughter ) . He had succeeded in his aim , and procured a cheer ; contented with which , he hastened to a conclusion , without hazarding another effort ( Laughter ) . Leaving the right hon . gent . then to his fame , he would proceed to the matter before the house . It was usual on so great an occasion as the present , for those who attacked , as well as for those who defended , to allow the importance of the subject . But deeply as this question affected the government and the country , it derived still greater importance from the principles on which the arguments and criticisms of the noble lord had proceeded ; arguments which , if allowed , must not only have the effect of cramping the efforts , and palsying the energies of the country , but of rendering it impossible for any government to sustain the charge intrusted to them , or conduct the national affairs with success , by risking a little for the good of the whole . The noble lord took possession of a fine elevated and superior point , from whence he could survey he past , the present , and , in imagination , the future , from which he could contemplate the nascent cause , and the matured effect . He forgot , however , that during he whole time these events were passing , all this information was concealed , and government were deprived of the means of arguing from the past ( Hear hear ! ) There was a work which they had all lately read , the production of that able statesman who for many years stood at