of commons , by an act passed , seems so clearly to have acknowledged , that no such power as sending persons to places of dis- 590 tant confinement could legally exist , that no mention whatever of such mode of imprisonment was made therein ; but , a clause was inserted in the bill to prevent illegal imprisonment in parts beyond the seas . In the 36th of the same reign , viz . in 1684 , a clergyman of the name of Rosewell was indicted for preaching a treasonable sermon in the county of Surrey . I knew not what doubts could exist with respect to the place of confinement , as the prison of the court is situated within that very county ; but , from this case , it appears , though the Attorney-General of that day , who was known to be a considerable lawyer , that doubts were entertained in that respect , but those doubts were removed by a remarkable assertion of the then clerk of the crown , who said , that the Gate-House might be the prison , as the court then sat in the county of Middlesex : it follows , by necessary inference , that the court could not be justified in sending persons for confinement out of the county in which the courts sat , the words of the clerk of the crown were held to be decisive , as to the point . My lords , I have next to request your attention to an instance which occurred in the reign of James 2 . It is the Case of the King against Beale , of which it is stated , that Mr. Attorney-General moved , that the court would order execution against a soldier for an offence which was committed in a distant county , and for which the government judged it expedient that he should be exemplarily punished . A question arose , whether the court of King 's Bench had legally the power to do what the Attorney-General moved for ? The Lord Chief Justice , in substance , said , that the motion was irregular , as the prisoner was never before the court . In consequence of this , the prisoner was , under a writ of Habeas Corpus , brought before the court ; upon which occasion , the case states , that it was laid down , that the thing required could not be done ; —that it may be done in Middlesex , by the prerogative of the judges who then sat in that county . From this decision of the court itself , my lords , it inconlestibly appears , that the court of King 's Bench can not order such things out of the county where the offence was committed , or where it is actually silting at the time . The Report to which I refer goes on to say , that it being judged of same importance at the time , to make an example of the soldier in question , the Lord Chief Justice was removed to another court : two of the judges 591 forthwith received their quietus , and the seals filled with judges of a more pliant character . The soldier was again brought up , and his execution ordered by the new Chief-Justice , as desired by the government . Thus , we see , my lords , that the court of King 's Bench , even at that time , as legally and regularly constituted , declared , that the act moved for by the King 's Attorney-General was contrary to law , in the infliction of such punishments out of the county where the offence was committed , or of that where the court sat for the time . The same court so soon after were composed of judges so very different in point , of character from their immediate predecessors , who , to the loss of their offices , protested against shedding the blood of their fellow subjects contrary to law . Does not this invalidate the legal and constitutional judgment mule by the court in