policy of any state to prevent ; he meant the neglect of children , which was its natural consequence . His grace would not take upon himself to say how far , in ancient times , the barbarous practice of the exposure of children might have arisen from this offence ; but he was sure that its frequency might be fairly considered as leading to the greatest indifference , and most shocking carelessness and neglect of our offspring . His grace then proceeded to the religious view of the question , and entered into the history of the customs of the western world on the subject of marriage , which until the Reformation , were considered here indissoluble . After that great event , persons were set at liberty in cases of adultery ; and subsequently the marriage of those divorced by act of parliament , took place . With respect to his opinion , and that of his learned and reverend brethren on the bench , his grace observed , that by the divine law there was 332 a liberty to marry again , or else unquestionably that reverend bench would , before now , have interposed . He quoted passages from Holy Writ , in the original Greek , and in the vernacular tongue , expressive of the scripture doctrine on this subject , and made a variety of remarks , and used many argument 's which we are sorry we are unable to detail . He concluded a very argumentative and eloquent speech by declaring that he thought the measure an act of mercy.—It was to take out of the mouth of the seducer his specious , delusive , and fatal arguments and temptations , to prevent him from recommending himself to the weak by saying he meant nothing dishonourable , and pointing out , a future marriage as a source of future and augmented felicity ; the means by which female virtue was but too often and too successfully assailed . He felt it to be his duty , in the hope of attaining some good , to support the motion now before their lordships . supported the motion . He highly complimented the right reverend prelate for the sentiments he had uttered , and dwelt with much eloquence on the institution of marriage , the vast influence it had on society , and the innumerable and inestimable duties and benefits that flowed from it in all our relations , hopes , and prospects . It was most extraordinary that the legislature could permit the foundadation of such a connection to exist in the commission of a crime that struck at its very root , and should enable those to enter into all its advantages , who had treated it with contempt and scorn by the non-observance and violation of all the duties it imposed . The adoption of the proposed standing order did not prevent their lordships from acting in particular cases as might seem to them fitting : but the difference was abundant between the rule and the exceptions . What greater misdemeanor could there be than seductive adultery ? A misdemeanor was a private wrong , but a wrong that injured the peace and happiness of society ; and surely nuisances and assaults were inferior in the comparison . His lordship painted the picture of a family ruined by this afflicting offence ; the woman degraded and forbidden ; the children neglected and despised ; the husband made a mark for the finger of scorn to point at . He had voted formerly in a minority in the house of commons on this question . He had , in 333 near thirty years practice at the bar , been concerned in , or conducted almost every case of this sort in the chief criminal court of the kingdom . Much came to his knowledge that could not come before the court , and the result of his experience was , that the prospect of the intermarriage of the offenders was a very great facility to the commission of the offence . He thought the passing of the motion would be a memorial of