be useful or prejudicial to him in any political step , Mr. 767 Pitt did not hesitate in withdrawing from office , at the period alluded to , the moment he found it could be no longer held , but upon terms inconsistent , as he thought , with his duty , and derogatory from his character . It is in vain to say , that this might not be an act of pure virtue , but be mixed up with feelings of shame or policy , or others of that sort . There is no end of such objections ; which after all , can make no difference here , where we are upon a question of comparison ; since , if admitted at all , they must appear equally on both sides of the account . It is just as easy to say , that the hon . bart . in the course which he has pursued , has acted with a view to what he has got , as that Mr. Pitt on the occasion alluded to , acted with a view to what he did not get . The exact measure of virtue that enters into any act , can be known only to the searcher of all hearts : We must be content to take for virtue what contains all the usual indications of it , and produces all the effects . There is no reason to suspect the sacrifice thus made by Mr. Pitt to be less genuine than it purports to be . He did not sacrifice what he did not highly value : and no man was more likely to foresee what the event proved , that ministerial power , which owes so much to the length of its continuance , could hardly , after an interruption , be ever completely restored to what it was before . The hon . bart. , I have no doubt , had the occasion been offered , would equally have shewn that personal considerations had no weight with him , when placed in competition with the calls of duty , or even with those of honest fame . But the opportunity , as far as I am aware , has never been afforded him ; and no one can be allowed to claim the same credit for what he has only intended and believed himself capable of doing , as others for what they have actually done . Upon the whole of this subject of the Corruptions of the great , we may venture to say , that , be their virtue what it may , it is at least equal to that of the persons f > y whom it is arraigned . There are very few men in public life , who could not , if they thought it worth while , if they could bring themselves to be proud of merit so little rare , quote instances of sacrifices which they had made—to duty , to point of honour , to estimation of friends , to party spirit , if you please , but to something Far superior to the mere sordid desire of profit or emolument , —which the 768 greater part of these patriotic declaimers could not only shew nothing parallel to in their own conduct , but would not , as far as related to themselves , dream even to be possible . So much for this great topic of Abuses , which is now made , the foundation stone of the system , and gives to the authors of the system all that was wished by the philosopher of old , a place on which to stand , on which to erect their machine , which when once fixed and applied , will be of force , they hope , to effect the grand and ultimate object , the overthrow of the state . By far the greater portion of abuses , even of those which do finally reach the government , proceed from the people themselves . They are the bribes which government pays to the people , directly or indirectly , to prevent them from pulling