exportation , to which I have already adverted , did exist ; and therefore they will consider the distinction , not as an imaginary , but as a real grievance . Besides , they will naturally be led to conclude , from the strenuous opposition made by the British Planters to the admission of their sugars for home consumption , that the object is worth contending for ; and therefore this argument cuts both ways . The claim of the inhabitants at Martinique to the privilege of which this Bill would deprive them , might safely be rested on the ground of established law , custom , and usage , all which are uniformly in their favour ; for innovations ought not to be lightly adopted , and the onus probandi , the proof of the policy or necessity of such innovations , rests upon those by whom they are proposed . But the claim of the inhabitants of Martinique stands upon a still firmer foundation ; on the good faith and honour of the British Government . In stating this part of their case , it will be necessary to give some little detail of the expedition against Martinique . The reports that at one time prevailed here , of the enterprise having been abandoned , appear to have been perfectly true ; for Admiral Sir Alexander Cochrane commences his official letter of February 4th , to the Admiralty , in the following words : 'Having on the 20th of January received a letter from Lieutenant-General Beckwith , informing me that , in consequence of some alteration of circumstances , he was induced to proceed on the attack of Martinique , and expressing a wish to see me at Barbadoes , in order to make the final arrangements , I lost no time in meeting him there for that purpose . '' What the alteration of circumstances was , that induced the Commander in Chief to proceed on the attack of Martinique , we are not officially told . It certainly was not the arrival of any reinforcements to co-operate in the enterprise ; but the diminution of the enemy 's force , would produce just the same effect as an addition to our own force ; and report says , that a communication had taken place with some of the leading inhabitants of Martinique , which led to an understanding that the militia of the island , consisting of 6,000 effective and well-disciplined troops , perfectly inured to that climate , would take no part in opposing our operations . This may reasonably be supposed to have been the alteration of circumstances that induced the Commander in Chief to proceed on the attack of Martinique . What assurances were held out , to the inhabitants , in order to bring them to this determination , we can only judge from the proclamation upon the table ; which is addressed to them exclusively , and was probably framed in conformity to the assurances previously given . I beg the attention of the House to the language of this proclamation , which appears to have been prepared at Barbadoes ; for although it is dated at head-quarters , the 30th of January , the day of the debarkation , we can not suppose that printing presses , and the other materials necessary for issuing it , could be found either on the beach , or among the cane fields of Martinique . It runs thus : 'Colonists and inhabitants of Martinique ; his Majesty , yielding to imperious circumstances , replaced you under the power which then ruled France . His Majesty , deceived in the hope that the prosperity arising among you from his Government would have been promoted by your new masters , has deeply lamented the unfortunate circumstances to which the events of war , or rather the total want of all respect for property , has reduced your colony . But the termination of your misfortunes is at length arrived ; famine will disappear ; the sources of your prosperity will be renewed ; your ancient laws shall be restored ; and that Government , the