infinitely better , as it went to cut up the very sources of corruption , by providing that the power of nomination to boroughs should be taken from those persons who enjoyed it . The only objection he had to that former measure , was that compensation was offered to persons who had enjoyed a right they had no title to possess , but for the good of the public . No pecuniary recompense was due to a man who possessed the trust of sending members to parliament . The present bill did not propose to do away this source or foundation of corruption . There were three sources of temptation to a corrupt exercise of the elective franchise , dignity , influence , and money ; but only the last of these was alluded to in the present measure , while the two former were still allowed to exist , and might be employed by the distribution of offices of the state , which were only ' to be obtained through the treasury of the country . The government of the country had it in their power still to treat with any man for dignity , and any country gentleman , whatever his circumstances might be , if he considered that he could ennoble his family , had only to go to the minister and say , `` I can no longer receive money for my seat , in the open market , I therefore come to you to make the best bargain I can ; and I have no objection to dispose of my seat for any office yon can give , or for any dignity , either a baronetage or a peerage , which you can bestow . '' This was actually , therefore , inflicting an additional evil on the representation , and conferring additional benefit upon certain individuals , inclined to continue the traffic complained of . This narrowing of the market would be actually found to be an inconvenience in more ways than one . If Boroughs were to be purchased for money , government would find many competitors ; but when dignities or influence alone could be received in exchange , they would have the market wholly to themselves . Unless the house knew the man who sent the member amongst them , the corruption that might take place was 722 more to be dreaded than that which could arise from the ostensible individual : because he stands forth before the public , and can be arraigned , if he errs in his vote , while the other lurks secretly behind the curtain , and pulls the wires by which the puppets are to be set in motion . As matters stood at present , he had no doubt that many men came into parliament , who had paid money for their seats , yet were still actuated by the best of motives . Some came in , merely for the purpose of obtaining that distinction which it gave them in society ; and there were others , who , having no influence in elections , nor in public life , were inclined to come into parliament , even by such , means , in order to render public service , and were actuated by the purest motives . If he could secure seats to such persons as these , even by the means now practised , he should not be one that would call for Parliamentary Reform . But what rendered some alteration necessary was , that there were some who made these purchases of seats , who might be inclined to make an ill use of them.—It was with great satisfaction and pride he saw many upon that side of the house , which formed the democratical part of it , who represented boroughs ; and who although they might some day form a part of the other house , maintained boldly the right side of thousands of questions that were agitated . There were many commercial men , too , whose pursuits prevented them from forming connections with popular boroughs , and who had therefore , no other opportunity of