in the funds of the country , should be represented in that house . For such persons to obtain seats in that house , there was at present no other mode than through these small boroughs , and he should rather wish to see them increased than diminished . It had been said that parliament ought to consult popular opinion , but he thought that this could only be carried to a very limited extent , because in his mind there was no term more ambiguous than was usually denominated popular opinion . He should certainly approve of members listening to the opinions of those who were really competent to form just ones , but to say that they should attend to the sentiments of individuals , who had no knowledge of the real interests of society , nor acquaintance with the history of this or of other countries , was carrying that concession too far , as they could thereby form no correct opinion upon difficult topics , which required great attention and the most mature reflection . Parliamentary Alteration would be a better term to apply to any change that was necessary , than Parliamentary Reformation . It seemed to be the intention of some gentlemen , that the executive power should be wholly independent of the legislative . Were this the case , it would be found that the latter would soon overawe the former power , and Would tend to convert the government into a democracy , under which no large and populous country could long exist , for after a few years of tumultuary proceeding , such a form of government could not fail to end in an absolute despotism . Being convinced that the motives of the hon . gent , who introduced this bill were good motives , he should not object to its going into a committee , but he was sure it could not reconcile it to what he thought would be consistent with propriety . It went to prevent corruption , by imposing penalties ; but he should be glad to know how that would have the effect of preventing the sale of votes in large towns , where it was well known the vilest passions were flattered by various representatives , such as the holding out to 725 the people the release from all burdens imposed by what was denominated a corrupt government ; although it was well known that such hopes could not be encouraged without injury to the peace of the country ? When persons of large possessions used their property to get into parliament , by menus the most honourable , or when the nominator selected individuals eminent for their knowledge in the laws of the country , or persons connected with the army and navy , or connected with the East or West Indies , or with interests in the funds , as proper to sit in parliament , he could not see any injury likely to arise fom the nominator being indemnified for his influence so applied . He should not say , however , that there might not be corrupt practices as to the mode of exercising that influence ; but even that could not be an argument against its existence , any more than the publication of a libel should be made an argument against the liberty of the press . It had been said , that no person could come into that house through money , without having bad motives . In this he could not agree ; for if any man who acquired great popularity in a large town , by being a bountiful landlord , or by any other means procured a seat in parliament , he did not see what security there was , that that gentleman was more likely to give his votes with greater purity or more disinterestedly there than a person who , having funds , was willing to barter some of his money for a seat by applying to the individual whom he found possessed of influence sufficient to secure it . Having already an excellent constitution , he thought it would be exceedingly