proper persons on whom such appointments should be bestowed ; and he was sure he could get a hundred officers who would be happy to accept it . He also thought the Master General of the Ordnance should have looked out for some such , upon whom to bestow it . observed , that there was a difference between the manner of appointing the Masters in Chancery in Ireland and in this country ; such appointments being made by the crown in the one , while they were made by the Lord Chancellor in the other . In consequence of this difference , it had become a practice for such masters as were about to retire to dispose of their places for money . A case of this nature occurred while he had the honour to hold the seals , and being applied to as usual , to sanction the sale , he hesitated , conceiving it rather extraordinary that a place for the administration of justice should be sold for money . However , upon being informed of the custom , and that the person seeking to dispose of the place had himself bought it , he gave his consent , on condition that the place should not again be sold by the purchaser . Yet as the circumstance of such purchases on the part of other masters created a case with regard to Ireland , to which the provisions of this Bill would not in equity apply , he suggested the propriety of introducing a clause upon that subject . expressed his readiness to support a clause to meet the case referred to , and recommended the right hon . gent . to propose it . intimated his intention to do so . then stated , that if it was the wish of any member to propose further amendments , he would propose a re-committal of the Bill . said , the bill in its present state was perfectly nugatory . He had formerly had it in contemplation to introduce a clause into it , but on its being pointed out to him that the clause he thought of bringing forward would countenance the continuation in place of a person who had procured his appointment by corrupt means , in consideration of his having afterwards given information against others , he had not submitted it to the Committee . He was of opinion , that it would be proper to hold out some inducement to persons thus situated to inform against others concerned in such corrupt practices that some of the offenders might be punished ( A cry of move , move ! from the Opposition ) . The noble lord concluded , ex- 574 pressing an inclination to make a motion to that effect . wished the bill to be made as effectual as possible . He had no objection to give the noble lord every opportunity to improve it by the introduction of a new clause , and he would therefore move that it should be recommitted . then moved `` That for every such offence the party should be liable to forfeit and pay the sum of 500l . which sum should be given to the informer . The convicted offender being punished by fine and imprisonment , or by the one or the other , as the judges should direct . '' said , as he understood the noble lord intended to bring forward another clause , he wished to hear that ; that knowing the substance of both , he might be able more correctly to judge of the measure suggested . , in reply , stated it to be somewhat on the same principle as the clause which he had formerly been induced to suppress ; namely , the exonerating from punishment those who informed for having participated in the offence . Though he would have the party disabled from holding a situation obtained through such improper and unconstitutional influence . did not think the Committee could go to the length of the noble lord 's proposal . Were there no other ways of gaining information of such practices , it might