, that all those who lived where the present market was held wished it to continue there , and all who lived where it was intended to remove it to , objected to such removal . With these sentiments he would move that the second reading of the Bill should be deferred to this day six months . seconded the amendment . If this bill , he said were to pass into a law , the greatest inconveniences would arise from driving cattle through the streets leading to the projected market . Many individuals in the neighbourhood of the ground chosen for this purpose , would also suffer severely , by being in a great measure prevented from letting their houses . He knew of one individual , a Mrs. Doughty , possessed of upwards of one hundred and forty houses in that quarter , the loss to whom would be immense , some thousands , were the proposed measure carried into execution . He said it was absolutely impossible for them to find out any better spot than the present scite . said that the present market had been found much too confined to answer the purposes for which it had been originally intended . In former years , one hundred thousand head of cattle was generally the utmost which had been sent to it ; but latterly this number was increased to more than one hundred and fifty thousand . The consequence of this increase was , the cattle were crouded to such a degree , that they not only injured themselves , but those who came for the purpose of buying or examining them . The city of London , sensibly feeling this great inconvenience , had made several efforts for some time past to enlarge the present market . It now consisted of four 73 acres and a half ; and , to render it commodious , an addition of twelve were necessary . This addition , then , had been anxiously attempted to be made , but , after much inquiry and fruitless expence , it was discovered that no more than two acres could on any terms be procured . What , then , could they do , but come down to the house , and attempt to carry the removal of the market , and this they had done at a very great disadvantage to themselves . The spot to which the removal was projected , had been however objected to ; he had to inform the house that two other situations were then in contemplation ; if neither of which could be found eligible , then the house might reject the bill when it came to a committee ; but he thought it would be peculiarly severe indeed to oppose the second reading of it . If it was thrown out , much inconvenience in his opinion would ensue , not only to the capital itself , but to the country at large ; for many of the landlords would be debarred from the sale of their cattle owing to the want of room in the market . He trusted , at all events , that the house would allow the bill to go to a committe , where an opportunity of more mature consideration would be at least allowed . observed , that he understood that the city of London was in treaty for the particular spot in question . His principal objection was to the spot to which it was intended to remove the market . expressed himself against the further progress of the bill . supported the bill , and urged the necessity of its being allowed to go to a committee . objected to its being allowed to go to a committee . He feared , if it were left to the decision of a committee , that the spot fixed upon would be chosen . He was at a loss to know why they should pitch upon this place , which was so particularly objectionable . said , that the city of London had abandoned the spot they had first fixed upon , and had instructed their