, who had sold a seat to a member upon certain terms to obtain his vote , and afterwards turned him out of his seat because he would not vote against his judgment . If such a case as this were overlooked , the house might as well , in his opinion , expunge its Journals , burn its statutes , and blot out the constitution . But , gentlemen asserted that there was no precedent for these retrospective inquiries ; Did they forget that , in one of the most corrupt periods of our history , at the close of sir Robert Walpole 's administration , a committee was appointed to inquire into the abuses of that administration for no less than ten years back ? In these gentlemen , who voted against lord Castlereagh upon a former night or an act of corruption , which was only inchoate , he thought it would be 515 exceedingly inconsistent to vote against this motion , where the act was alledged to be complete.—The opinion in favour of Reform he believed to be much more general than it had been at any former period , and it was very easily to be accounted for . The result of the Investigation respecting the Duke of York , the rejection of the Reversion Bill , and the vote in favour of lord Castlereagh , formed strong additional reasons for discrediting the composition of that house , and naturally multiplied the advocates for Reform . Still he thought the sentiment in support of Reform , when it was last discussed , would have been much louder , more universal and effective , if it had not been for the extraordinary exercise of the influence of the crown . This exercise was most strongly exemplified in the case of the celebrated Robert Burns , the poet , as appeared from a letter of his published since his death . Burns was an exciseman , and having , by the liberality of his sentiments , incurred the imputation , the surveyor called upon him by order of the commissioners . Burns disclaimed the charge ; but although under the apprehension of being sent with his family to seek for bread , for the produce of his works was insufficient to support a sick brother , he ventured to say that the corruption of the legislature , and the extending influence of the executive , boded no good to the country . Upon which the surveyor observed authoritatively— '' It `` is your business , Sir , to act , and not to `` think—be silent and obedient . '' ( A laugh at the back of the Ministerial benches . ) Mr. Whitbread reprobated such levity . Sure he was , that those who could laugh at such an insolent observation , must be very much inferior indeed , in genius and worth , to the man to whom it was addressed.—It had become a fashion , he perceived of late , to call upon gentlemen , rather improperly as he thought , for a profession of faith upon certain political tenets.—For himself , however , he had no objection to make the profession required . He certainly was not an advocate for the exclusion of all placemen from seats in that house . Although he knew there were many who had no right to be there , he would rather prefer the presence of ministers , in order that they might be confronted with their accusers , that they might account for their conduct , and display their views to the house . He was also adverse to the idea , that it was of no consequence by whom the affairs of 516 the government were administered . It appeared to him quite preposterous , even if corruption were not removed or diminished , that it would not be material to consider by whom the power of the country should be directed . What , that if the vessel were in a crazy state , and its sails rent , it mattered not what pilot was at the helm ! —There was not perhaps a