, there was nothing in it ; it was joking with the public ; it was laughing in their faces , and giving them more than pretence for saying to that house what Dr. Johnson said to Macpherson , `` Hereafter I shall be more inclined to believe what you shall prove than what you shall say . `` —They indeed , said a great deal in all conscience , , and it was now time for them to do something . The public had observed the course they had taken during the session , and would not be inattentive to the manner in which they would close their career . As to the right hon . gent . 's opposition , he believed it to be a government measure , and meant nothing personal towards that right hon . gent . Though his hon . friend was deserving of great praise for having introduced the bill , yet , after the alterations it had undergone , it would do him now but little credit ; and he would advise him to take care that it should go out to the world not as his , but as the measure of the right hon . gentleman . For the reasons he had stated , he must oppose the bill . said a few words against the bill . He thought that if the bill was suffered to pass , it would stand in the way of something better , and that on the other hand , if it was thrown out , something more effectual would be substituted in its place . Besides , if it did pass , there were some who might think that enough would then have been done . complained , that the table was loaded at the end of the session with a great number of bills , each of which was of infinite importance , but so crowded together , that it was quite impossible for any noble lord , if he possessed ten times the faculties belonging to our nature , to attend with care to them . Last night a bill of the highest importance passed sub silentio , though it contained clauses most obnoxious to the country , respecting which it legislated ; he meant the bill for draining the Bogs of Ireland ; a bill which was nothing more nor less than a plan for enriching private individuals at the expence of the public at large . He considered the measure to be the beginning of a similar project intended for this country . But he then gave notice , that if the like should be 1016 attempted , he would give it every opposition in his power . With respect to the bill immediately under discussion , he thought it highly improper that the sale of the places of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners , and that of Commissions in the Army , should be continued . His lordship also adverted to the same principle being recognized respecting the sale and purchase of Offices in the Law , which he considered as poisoning the source of justice . accounted for the crowded table , and the number of bills upon it at the close of the , session , by the number that the commons had passed at that period . But his lordship observed , that in all times it had been the same case according to the number and proportion of bills before them . As to the transfer and disposal of Law Offices , he believed there was not on record an instance where the patronage bestowed on the Keeper of the Great Seal had been abused , from the Revolution to the present hour , although that patronage was a main link in the chain that fitted each noble person who preceded him in office during that period , to have the personal means of holding rank consistently and suitably with others of their lordships . As to the sale of Commissions in the army , he was of opinion , that instead of injuring , it benefited the army by preventing the admission of