. He conceived the motion was not exactly worded as it should have been , and he proposed as an Amendment , that there should be substituted for the words `` investigated before a jury , '' `` inquired into by an action at law , or by a suit in equity . '' was of opinion , that it would be unbecoming the dignity of the house if they were to address his majesty upon the subject , unless the affair could be regularly entered into in a court of law ; it appeared that this could not be done , even if the impediments complained of were removed . Mr. Palmer , it was supposed , had forfeited all pretence to a claim of right , by his own misfeasence ; taking the case as such , the address itself if agreed to , would become a mere nullity.—He conceived Mr. Palmer 's best claim would be upon the liberality of the house ; however he professed if it could be made out that the case was capable of being received , and decided upon in the courts , he should be ready to give it all the support it should teem to deserve . observed , that the simple question was , whether an agreement entered into between Mr. Pitt and Mr. Palmer should be abided by ? It was monstrous to suppose , that a bargain which would bind an individual , should not be held equally sacred in respect to the government of the country . It was true that the agreement was only a verbal one with the ministers , but if that would not hold good , he for his part would much sooner take the note of a common swindler in the street . ' A tangible shape ' had lately become a fashionable phrase , and all that was asked upon the present occasion was to put this agreement into one.—It was argued , that the Receiver General was an improper person to bring the action against , because he was not a party in the agreement ; the fact was , Mr. Pitt , who absolutely made the agreement , being deceased , the Receiver General was selected as the person to whom the revenue was paid , and consequently the fittest person to sue on the occasion . The action was in fact , against the public purse , and against that particular branch of the revenue which Mr. Palmer had created , and out of which he had been faithfully promised his hard-earned reward . He should certainly support the motion , although he should have preferred 702 one , addressing his majesty to direct his ministers to pay the money , which had been voted by the house as due to Mr. Palmer . The hon . gent . who spoke last had mentioned , liberality ; what was asked for by Mr. Palmer was simply justice ; and he trusted the house would take care to dispense it . professed himself willing to allow the general merits of Mr. Palmer at to the invention and execution of his plan , and the benefits he had rendered the country ; but in respect to the agreements , it was to be remembered that the advantages enjoyed by Mr. Palmer in right of the situation he held , supposed a strict and faithful discharge of the duties attached to it ; so far , however , from these promises being complied with by Mr. Palmer , it appeared he had acted in the most improper manner by his superiors in office ; that he had endeavoured to throw the different arrangements into confusion , by encouraging the subordinate clerks to quarrel with each other ; and that he had connived at frauds in the department he presided over . Under these circumstances , he conceived Mr. Palmer had partly forfeited the advantages he held . Of this he was certain from eighteen years experience , that Mr. Pitt in settling the 3,000l . per ann . on Mr. Palmer conceived he had gone to the extent of what