, but that of applause to the measure itself , and gratitude to its author . On the subject , Sir , of the proposed restraint on the Sale of Seats , I shall content myself with remarking , that if the legislature in its wisdom has thought fit to forbid the corrupt disposal of a single vote , à fortiori , should they restrain the transfer of the seat itself on considerations equally immoral . The crime is of deeper dye : it brings on us ignominy at home and abroad . It is indeed high time that a practice so flagitious should be marked with our reprobation , and subjected to punishment.—The Sale of the elective franchise by the voters themselves , has , I fear , Sir , become too frequent . As it affects the state , and as it is accompanied among the lower orders with an increasing relaxation of morals , it demands imperiously a remedy speedy and effectual . These scandalous bargains are , it seems , often not completed till after the period is elapsed for petitioning . The Bribery Act , in these cases , becomes a dead letter.—One objection to my plan , Mr. Speaker , which I have heard taken , is that it would tend to exclude talent ; that those who possess no other recommendation or means of courting public favour , would find increased difficulties in procuring seats . In my own opinion , a great recommendation of this measure is , that the effect would be found precisely opposite . As things stand , place in one scale , Mr. Goodluck 's five thousand guineas ; in the other , modest merit ; and which may be expected to preponderate ? —That some men have found their way hither , solely from the reputation of their abilities , we may instance Mr. Pitt himself . To the credit of a man whose political opponent I was through life , I mean the late lord Lousdale , he more than once returned Mr. Pitt to this house , gratuitously . Let this measure pass ; and there is no ground for apprehension , but that patrons of seats would feel their honour as much concern- 361 ed in the due exercise of that patronage , as they now do with regard to ecclesiastical preferments . How seldom do we hear of the possessors of the latter species of patronage being swayed by sordid motives ? —Other objections which I have heard taken , seem all to resolve themselves into this , that every means of corruption would be cut up by the roots , and every subterfuge defeated . I am told that a Reform in the Representation should precede such a measure ; that when this is effected , we may place our guards for its preservation . Sir , I question the sincerity of this advice . It recommends the undertaking any thing but that which is likely to succeed . By many , I well know I shall be deemed to attain little , if my object succeeds : by others , I shall be deemed guilty of presumption in attempting too much . My own sentiments I never disguise : —the measures I have this night submitted to the house , do indeed fall short of what I might wish , or even think necessary ; but I have undertaken no more than what I trust may be found practicable , and if carried into effect , productive of real , permanent benefit to my country . For popular applause I care not , and look not ; but earnestly wish , by the conscientious discharge of my duty , to deserve it . I shall now proceed , Sir , to shew what would be the practical benefits resulting from the correction of existing abuses.—The first and the most important would be the re-establishment of tins house in the good opinion of the people ; an advantage that can not be too highly estimated . I should be unworthy of a seat in parliament if I were disposed to give way