in the customs . To the officers who have hitherto received their remuneration in this shape , fixed salaries are now allotted , payable out of the revenue . The apparent increase of charge arising from this alteration is very considerable , while , in point of fact , the officers receive less now than they did before ; and though this is not an opportunity for going at large into the subject , I have no hesitation in stating to the house that both the revenue and the public have received great benefit and accommodation from this salutary regulation . These two circumstances of an increase of salary to the officers of excise , and of the abolition of fees in the customs , would alone account for an augmentation of charge exceeding 200,000l . per annum ; and if the increase of charge upon the whole collection is not more considerable within these last two years , it is owing to reforms and retrenchments which have been made in other branches , such as the reduction of poundage in the office of taxes , and the abolition of certain offices in the customs and other branches , the continuance of which was found to be unnecessary . Two other savings which the hon . gent . has proposed , remain to be shortly noticed . The first is of a very singular description , nothing less than the abolition of the board of auditors , and all commissions for examining and stating the public accounts of the kingdom , The hon . gent . proposes that this service should be performed by Committees of this house . Extravagant as this idea must appear , I can not give the hon . gent , credit for being the first to suggest it . I have seen it brought forward elsewhere , but as it appeared to me , not so much with a view to any practical result , as with a design , in which I am sure the hon . gent . does not partake , of calumniating this house . In the hands of others it has been , used as a pretence for vilifying the members of this house , for accusing them of indifference to the public expenditure , and of neglect of duty as the trustees of the people , far not look- 1121 ing into their accounts . Such imputations , for aught I know , may answer the purposes or those who are aiming at reform , by working upon the passions of the people , and the prejudices of the ignorant ; but I am convinced that there is not one gentleman in this house , or one rational man in the country , the hon . gent , excepted , who can be of opinion that the public accounts can be effectually examined by committees of this house . The necessary duties which are already imposed upon members of parliament , both in the house and in its committees , are of themselves sufficient to occupy their time . But I do not rest my objection upon this . The examination of long , complicated , and intricate , accounts , involving questions respecting the rates of exchange , the value of foreign money , and a thousand other difficult points , is , in itself , a science requiring the uninterrupted attention of the auditors , and of able accountants , and experienced clerks under them . Could we expect these qualifications and this assiduity in committees of this house ? —Could committees examine parties and witnesses upon oath and carry on a most extensive correspondence with them in all quarters of the world ? This examination of accounts is , of all others , the service which a fluctuating body of men would be least competent to carry on . Further—could members of this house be divested of all party-feeling , be rendered inaccessible to all canvas and solicitation ? for such , Sir , ought to be , and I believe is , the character and situation of an auditor . In his functions there is