of the sale and purchase of seats , for he proposed that the burgage tenures should be bought up , as they had subsequently been in Ireland . But among all the schemes of Parliamentary Reform of which he had heard , he had never known of a commencement like that which the house was now called upon to adopt . He knew that a wonderful degree of popularity might at present be acquired , by saying that one belonged to no party . But of this kind of popularity he was far from being ambitious , because without being a party man it would be impossible to accomplish any great object , and because he was persuaded that the country had derived more advantages from party warfare in that house , than from any other circumstance whatever . He therefore , wished for none of the popularity that must result from his being no party man . He was a zealous party man , and only wished he were a better . But the gentlemen themselves who had set up this cry of `` no party , '' after all , constituted a party . They attended and voted together on questions which some considered as of minor importance , but as to those which were generally considered as of the greatest consequence , such as the fate of armies , they did not think it necessary to give any vote , and all stayed away . They proceeded in all this as if they were acting under a leader ; and a leader , be he who he may , they either had , or must soon be compelled to appoint.—One of the most remarkable characteristics of this party was the attention which it paid to stage effect , ( Hear ! hear ! ) in carefully concealing the ultimate object at which it aimed ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Of the two other parties , they gave the preference to the gentlemen on the other side ; but 511 yet the only result of that preference was a charge against two of them by which they were compelled to leave the house ( Hear ! hear ! ) . But why did they think ministers better than those who sat near him ? The reason very probably was , that a weak administration might be more valuable to those who had such views . For all this he might expect to be subject to reproaches . The usual cry would be renewed , `` When any motion is made against corruption , the parties immediately understand each other , and join against it . '' There was , indeed , one charge against him , a very heavy one in their opinion , which he could not deny . He had certainly been in office : but these gentlemen referred the house to the reports of their committees in support of their assertions , that corruption prevailed in every department of the state . Did they really believe it possible , that , in the management of so many complicated concerns , and of so large an expenditure , no mal-practices should at any time occur ? It could not be done ; and hence the advantage of appointing committees from time to time . The abuses were not , however , greater perhaps , than might have been expected ; and these being pointed out in the reports , the house , had an opportunity of applying the remedies . Many improvements in the conduct of various departments had been the consequence of this mode of proceeding.—Mr.T . then observed , that he differed widely from the hon . bart . with regard to the bill of his bon . friend ( Mr. Curwen ) behind him . He thought the bill would do a great deal of good ; but if the hon . bart . ( Burdett ) was of opinion , that the security which it proposed against the sale of seats was not sufficient , he himself ought to attend and propose a better . It was sufficient for him