various offices and departments ; an inquiry into which , it is my opinion , is imperiously demanded . observed , that if he understood the motion correctly , it went to an inquiry into all corrupt practices and abuses , without any restriction as to time , place , or circumstance . All abuses , at whatever distance of time , whether those concerned were dead or alive , might be brought before this committee , though those who might be able to explain or defend , might be in their graves . To such a motion he could not accede . The want of limitation , as to time , was a strong objection ; but he fully agreed with the noble lord below ( lord H. Petty ) , that it was improper to delegate to any committee that discretionary inquisitorial power , which belonged to the house itself . On every case brought before the house , it was customary to act from considerations of prudence , as well as with a view to abstract justice . In the first place , the house ought to be enabled to decide , whether the case was of sufficient magnitude to call for inquiry ; and , secondly , whether the evidence stated was sufficient , if actually produced , to bring home the charge to the accused . He had heard that there might be cases brought forward , which had taken place in Ireland previous to the Union ; cases which might affect lord Cornwallis and Mr. Pitt , who were in their graves . He was ready to say , that the greatest inconveniences would result from this . In short , there was no case , at whatever distance of time it might have occurred , which a committee , constituted as the noble lord proposed , could refuse to entertain . Such a motion could not be acceded to , and it had his decided opposition . did not conceive that there was any weight in the argument as to the suspicion which the motion was said to cast upon all the departments of government . An inquiry would be the most effectual way to do away those suspicions , if they turned out to be unfounded . That there was a strong suspicion in the 65 public mind could not be doubted . If that suspicion was not founded in fact , those who laboured under it ought to have an opportunity of clearing themselves . But if , on the contrary , crying abuses actually existed , inquiry was necessary to expose those abuses , and to prevent their recurrence . In every view , therefore , he was convinced of the propriety , of the necessity , of inquiry , and would certainly vote for the motion . objected to the motion on account of its generality , and its assuming as a fact , that there existed abuses in all the departments of the state , in proof of which there was not a tittle of evidence . But the hon . gent , behind him ( Mr. Hutchinson ) Went farther , for he said , that the general system of the government was such as ought not to be continued . The house of commons was part of that system , and he , therefore , now called upon the house of commons to try itself . A gentleman under the gallery had said , that it was right to suspect persons in office : What right had he to suspect them ? If he had any facts to produce , let him state them ; but if he had no facts to state , then he had no right to suspect . As to the inadmissibility of the motion , he thought there could be no doubt upon that point . It went to inquire into one did not know what , and was utterly incompatible with any practical plan of conducting business . If particular facts were stated , it might be fair and reasonable to investigate ; but at the same time he could