enters into an enterprise without any calculation of consequences ; he never exposes his fortune to risk upon the desperate chance of a distant possibility of success . In this situation , however , were the affairs in Spain , when sir John Moore , determined and properly determined , to retreat ; and in this determination he continued till the 5th of December . It must now be obvious to your lordships , that that course would have been best for the safety of the British army , and most advantageous for the interest of the people whom it had been sent to assist ; because , by retiring to the frontier of Portugal , sir John Moore might take advantage of any favourable opportunity to return to the assistance of Spain . Upon these grounds , therefore , sir John Moore persevered in his intention to retreat until the middle of the day , on the 5th of December , when his determination was changed . The noble Secretary of State has thrown down the gauntlet , and gallantly offered to justify this change . But I rather think the noble Secretary will find it extremely difficult to shew , that it was not only right but necessary for sir J. Moore to advance from Salamanca upon that occasion . The whole of the Spanish armies were dispersed and flying before the French , who had possession of the passes of Somosierra and Guadarama , and also of the great road to Madrid . Was that a situation , I would , ask , in which sir John Moore should have advanced , and with an army , too , of only 26,000 men ? I am aware that the noble Secretary of State , among other extraordinary things , has alleged that sir John Moore had 40,000 men at Salamanca . That is , the noble Secretary opposes the report of the papers in his office neatly bound up with red tape , to the assertion of sir John Moore , who had the army before his eyes . Yet with this army the noble Secretary would maintain that sir John Moore should , without any Spanish army , or even armed peasantry to sustain him , 145 have advanced into the centre of the country depriving himself of the means of retreat , at 200 miles distance from any place of embarkation . The proposition , in fact , need only to be stated , in order to demonstrate the impossibility of defending the noble secretary 's opinion , not merely to military men , but indeed to any description of persons capable of combining two ideas . Under all the circumstances of the situation of the British army it was highly imprudent to advance , and nothing was to be expected to result from such an operation , but a hasty and disastrous retreat . It is an afflicting consideration to Englishmen that the consequence has been precisely what was to have been expected , and has reflected disgrace upon the counsels which led to it ; but certainly did not leave any stain either upon the high character of the general , or the unparalleled spirit which had been displayed by his brave army . The prudent determination of sir John Moore , which he persisted in till the 5th of December , he was induced to alter on that day by the communications which he received from Mr. Frere , a gentleman , who , whatever may be his talents in other respects , and however painful and unpleasant it may be to me to make the observation , appears to be wholly unqualified , from his folly , ignorance and presumption , for that high and important station which he at present occupies . To prove the incompetence of this gentleman , I need only refer to his letter of the 27th of November , in which , appearing to be ignorant of the arrival of reinforcements to the French army which had augmented it to 113,000 men , he mentions to sir John Moore how desirable it would be for him