, that the reason the oath was left out was , that the house wished to screen corruption in its own members , and were afraid of their incurring the penalties of perjury . After they had thus got rid of the most operative part of the bill , they introduce this word `` express , '' which they did not borrow from any act of parliament in existence , and which would effectually protect all corrupt proceedings of theirs in the disposal of offices . He would ask whether had this bill passed some time ago , gentlemen would not have been found to defend the traffic of lord Castlereagh with Reding , upon the ground that it was not an `` express '' contract ? [ No , said Mr. Perceval across the table . ] Mr. W. declared his belief of the contrary ; and , if the right hon . gent . thought otherwise , why did he defend the act of lord Castlereagh , which , according to the undisputed authority of the chair , was a violation of the law of parliament , and which law the 985 preamble of this bill declared to be the principle of the constitution ? But he valued not that declaration of the law of parliament as much as other gentlemen did . What availed the recognition or a principle , if that recognition was accompanied by a palliative for its violation ? If ministers were provided with a protection which would enable them to violate the law with impunity , the law would be utterly useless . Indeed it would be worse than useless—it would be mischievous ; and , however the house might be deceived by such a measure , they might rely that the public would not be deceived by it . The public would see that a bill originally introduced to guard against the operation of undue influence in that house was so contrived in its passage through the house , as to aggravate the evil complained of by giving a predominant influence to government . In fact , such a bill , with the insertion of this word `` express , '' promised no good , and threatened much harm . The people of England would naturally enough believe that this word had been introduced as a shield for all manner of corruption on the part of ministers , and to take away all protection from it on the part of the country . He had so strong an objection to this word standing part of the clause , that if it were to continue in it he should find himself obliged to vote against the bill . said , that in the case alluded to , with respect to the barter of a writership for a seat in parliament , it was determined that the intention of the agreement had not been carried into effect , and that was the cause of the transaction not being punished , which was an acknowledgment , that if it had been carried into effect it would have been punished , and this implied acknowledgment ought therefore to be satisfactory on that head . said , he was a friend to parliamentary reform being brought about by moderate means , and as such hailed the present bill with pleasure ; but the alterations it had undergone had changed its character , and reduced it to a mere nullity . He had expected much from this bill at the outset , but it had since been so mutilated , and would be so totally changed if the word objected to were retained , that he could not think of supporting the shadow when the substance was gone . He lamented very seriously the conduct of ministers , 986 who were pursuing a course calculated to disappoint the reasonable expectations of the country , for that moderate reform which he would prefer to any violent change . declared , that not expecting to be present at the third reading of the bill , he took that opportunity of declaring his most decided disapprobation of it as it now