was to be preferred . Those who then said , `` bring forward specific charges ; let us see who among us is unworthy a seat in this house , '' now unblushingly stood forward to prevent such an inquiry being instituted , and to screen those charged with corruption . If their recent proceedings had excited the indignation of the country , he did not think their acting thus would tend to allay the ferment excited in the minds of the people . They ought to consider the question as it stood by itself , and pronounce aye or no accordingly , as the evidence adduced might preponderate for or against the persons accused.—The noble lord then entered into the case at large , and concluded by stating , that under all the circumstances , though he knew a general election had taken place since those who were accused had been in 521 power , though he knew that many who would be called on to vote that night , must , like Mr. Quintin Dick , vote in their favour , or vacate their seats , he did not think they could oppose the motion . said , the abuses now so heavily complained of , had existed unnoticed in those times which had been called the best . They ought not with a rash and violent hand attempt to eradicate them till the whole of the circumstances had been maturely considered . For by so doing , we might with , or instead of , the evil , tear up that which was infinitely more valuable to us than any thing we could possibly gain by such a procedure The elements of the air we breathe contain particles which we know to be of a poisonous nature , but were we to attempt taking those away , we should probably take with them that which was essential to our existence . So if we attempted to reform and alter the representation from what it ever had been since the formation of our constitution , we might deprive our constitution by so doing of all that was good and valuable . Attempting to remove a blemish , we might tear the garment and render it worthless . Were all the great men of former times , whose names we had been accustomed to venerate , to be set down as corrupt men by the adoption of such a plan ? He would not have that constitution , by which the country had risen to what it was , altered in any respect whatever . That corruption did exist was undeniable , corruption existed from top to bottom , but he believed more would be found at the bottom than at the top . The lower they went the worse they would find it . What man , however prudent and frugal in the administration of his own private affairs , could prevent the existence of abuses on his own premises ? Abuses would exist in his kitchen , in his stable , or in his garden , which he could not see nor prevent . The motion went to charge government , not with abuses countenanced by them , but with those which they could not prevent , and seeking a reform in parliament they would go near to overturn the government . He did not know whether the taxes , great as they were , bore a greater proportion to the revenue of the country than formerly . If luxury did not increase with the taxes , he did not think their weight would be found so excessively great . Mr. Quintin Dick had not been forced to vacate his seat as his noble friend , had incorrectly 522 stated ; no one could force him to vacate it . He thought it probable that Mr. Quintin Dick went to consult with ministers as to the line of conduct he ought to pursue , as his conscience would not suffer him to vote with them . When he found his inclinations run counter the wishes of those who had procured him a seat , he might have