uses ; and then , by way of retrieving her loss , she secretly and unknown to her husband , as was generally the case in these transactions , pledged first one and then another article of domestic furniture , till almost the whole was gone , and her ill luck still attending her , she was reduced almost to despair at the idea of being obliged to inform her husband of the imprudence of her conduct . She found , however , it was not to be avoided , and at length confessed her fault , and owned what she had done . The husband happened to be a man of a noble and generous nature , and being sensible of the amiable qualities of his wife , and satisfied with every other part of her conduct , he most humanely and instantly pronounced his forgiveness , which had so sudden and powerful an effect on her feelings , that it deprived her of her senses , and she now remains a miserable living monument of this detestable gambling , engendered and supported by lotteries , The hon . gent . related this fact with a degree of feeling that most sensibly impressed every one who heard him , and he concluded by saying , `` that having brought it to a point beyond which he thought it could not go , he would by his vote record his objection to this mode of raising money . '' , adverting to what had fallen from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , said , his lecture on the good faith of France and the bad faith of Austria , must have an excellent effect when spread by our newspapers over the continent ( Hear , hear ! ) . He wished to know upon what proof the hon . gent . rested the assertion that Austria broke faith with France . For his part , he was quite of a different opinion , and that Austria was in hostility against France , because France was bent on her destruction . This , indeed , must , he thought , be obvious to every man who looked fairly at the state of Europe , and that , whether Austria entered into hostility or not , she was doomed to perish by the tyrant of France . But from what had escaped the hon . gent. , it would seem that , in ascribing perfidy to Austria , he meant it to be understood that fidelity was to be ascribed to the councils of Buonaparté . The conclusion of his mind , however , was directly the reverse of that of his hon . friend . With respect to lotteries , he had never any concern in them . He was adverse to the system , and would be ready to support any proposition for putting an end to its existence . expressed an entire concurrence in the sentiments so ably stated by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , with regard to the principles and conduct of Austria . The hon . gent . who preceded him had observed , that ministers ought to have advised Austria to abstain from the war ; he would be glad to know upon what ground he could justify the offer of such an advice ? The hon . gent . must take a very strange view of the character of the French Ruler , if he could suppose that any country could look to safety from being at peace with such a power . But an independent state in such a case was the best judge of its own views and circumstances . It was not for the government of this or any other nation to dictate to it . He could say that Austria was in no degree influenced to take the steps she had resorted to by the influence of any British interest . God forbid that any such attempt should be made ! At the same time he must add , that as safety was not to be had from peace