the case , and tend rather to produce than allay the discontent so much complained of.—How then could it be said that the people were in favour of an abolition of tithes ? It might be true they were so now ; but would they be so if they found they were to pay so much more than they do at present , upon a commutation founded upon a fair and full estimate of the value of their tithes ? The landlords might indeed be favourable to the measure , as the surplus beyond the present rate would probably find its way into their pockets . But , after all , where was the hardship to be found in the payment of tithes ? —What owner of land could say he was entitled to lands , either by purchase or descent , which he 637 did not hold among other terms subject to the payment of tithes ? if , then , he had no right to complain , still less had the tenant who took them , knowing they were subject to the incumbrance . He particularly felt himself bound to oppose the present motion , as the hon . gent . had expressly stated that the present was to be considered as a step merely leading to other innovations , which he could not approve . He had watched the hon . gent . through the whole of his speech , and he could not find out any specific plan which he meant to propose . Was it intended by his bill to enable the clergy to make leases of their tithes , or was it intended to go further , and compel them to do so ? If the former of these was intended , the act might become a mere dead letter . By the law , as it now stood , the clergyman could grant a lease of his tithes during his own incumbency ; and if he did not feel any inclination to adopt such a measure , as things now stood , it was not to be expected he would be more likely to do so after passing the act . With respect to the power proposed of binding the successor , the evil was obvious in the danger of the incumbent being induced by the temptation of a present fine to make a lease , which would be highly prejudicial to the interests of those who were to come after him , or else to submit such leases to the approbation of the bishop . This would be found to be a duty impossible to be discharged conscientiously , besides being attended with considerable expence to poor tenants for the making out their leases ; and even if they were willing to be , at the expence , would be found to be a mere matter of form , from the impossibility of the bishop being acquainted with the merits of each particular case . These were among the difficulties which , in his attempt to frame a measure likely to be efficient , he had found so strong as to induce him to abandon all hope of being able to remove them . There were , besides these , other difficulties in the way . To whom were the leases to be made , to the tenant or to the landlord ? If to the latter , the tenant would surely not be benefited by the measure , but rather to the contrary , as in that case the landlord would put in his pocket that which now , by the lax mode of levying tithes , fell to the share of the tenant . Besides , he considered , that if the system were proper to be adopted at all , it should not be partial or confined to one part of the empire , but rather be uni- 638 versal in its operation , and as such he had intended it in case he had found it practicable . He trusted he had shewn to the satisfaction of the house , that it was upon sufficient reasons , and