the side of the question which he espoused ; at the same time , he considered them all reducible to one ground , namely , whether under any circumstances , any step should be taken for the preservation of Austria ? He was averse to saying , that under any circumstances he would not agree that his majesty 's ministers should afford any such protection and support . If the gentlemen who had some time ago conducted the affairs of government were still in power , he would be willing to confide in them ; to the gentlemen now on the opposite side he was willing to give credit for integrity and honesty of intention ; and therefore , under the present circumstances , he thought himself bound to give them his confidence , and entrust them with the means necessary to the object they had in 820 view.—He thought there would be an inconvenience and mischief to Austria attending the sending back those bills , undischarged , infinitely greater than any ill consequence that was likely to arise from the precedent ; and he was willing to contribute his sanction to the payment of them.—Before he sat down , , he would take the liberty to advert to some other points . He had formerly made some observations upon Sicily , which had given some offence . It was done in compliance with his parliamentary duty . He thought it of the utmost importance , that that country should be capable of resistance , and he much doubted whether it was placed in that situation which was calculated to admit of successful resistance . There was another topic upon which he would touch , that of America . He could not sufficiently deprecate a practice which , he was sorry to say , obtained some kind of sanction from the conduct of this country , that of condemning , as Droits of Admiralty , vessels that had the misfortune to approach her shore , under the confidence of an amicable disposition ; but which on war breaking out in the mean time , were detained as prizes . The hon . member concluded his speech with expressing a hope that his majesty 's ministers would hereafter give way to a more enlightened policy . spoke in favour of the vote of Credit , and thought a supply should be afforded to Austria , even although it enabled her to hold out but for one week longer against the common enemy . He condemned the tedious and ill-concerted military operations of this government , who contrived to send our armies into the field always out of place and time . The question before us . Sir , I take to be this ; whether we shall grant three millions of money in the shape of a Vote of Credit , and leave it to the discretion of his majesty 's ministers to apply some part of it in support of the contest in which Spain , Portugal , and Austria are engaged against France ? This , although much of other matter has been introduced into the discussion , is certainly the only point we have particularly to consider upon the present occasion . That we should enable his majesty 's ministers to assist Spain and Portugal with part of this money , every body seems to allow , as being reasonable , politic , and proper ; the only doubt started is , as to how far we should 821 go , or whether we should go any length at all , in assisting Austria ? My own opinion , sir , upon this point , certainly is , that ministers must be vested with a discretionary power . I can not say positively whether it be wise or not to assist Austria with money in our present circumstances . It is impossible for me , with the limited information I am possessed of , to give a positive opinion at the present moment ; but thus far I am disposed to state , that in my opinion , any assistance we can afford to give her in that