the defeat of Blake 's army . He received intelligence of the defeat of the army of Estremadura , and of the signal defeat of general Castanos . Upon a due consideration of those disastrous events , and of the state of his army , not being furnished with a due portion either of cavalry or artillery , he finally determined on a retreat , and accordingly ordered sir David Baird to retire upon Corunna , while he would fall back upon Vigo . In this situation general Hope formed a junction with sir John Moore , who about the same time received the intelligence that Madrid resisted the progress of the enemy . By the junction of general Hope , the army of sir John Moore received its fair proportion of cavalry and its full proportion of artillery . Thus circumstanced , and apprised as he then was of the spirit manifesting itself in Madrid , was it , or was it not , he would ask the noble lord , an opportunity that called for some effort upon the part of the British forces , situated as they then were ? or if it was not , he put it to their lordships , what would have been the general sentiment in Spain and in England , had the army retired without attempting any thing ? If in that most interesting crisis , when after all their repeated disasters , the spirit of Spain was reviving , and her chief city bidding defiance to an immense army at her very gates , if in such a moment a British army , so marshalled and equipped , were , after a long march to the aid of their ally—if they were in the hour of trial coldly to turn their backs upon his danger , what would be thought of the sincerity of the effort of British co-operation . But the noble lord had animadverted in strong terms of disapprobation on the conduct of Mr. Frere . The noble lord had even gone so far as to question the propriety of the appointment of that gentleman . If the noble lord 's objections were to the office itself he did not see upon what they could be grounded . Nothing had been more sanctioned by prescription than the custom of having a diplomatic agent to co-operate with the officer entrusted with the chief military command . But even if this had not been customary , still the pe- 160 culiar circumstances of the case itself , where the operations of the army were in a great measure to be influenced by the result of events on the Spanish councils , such circumstances more than justified the appointment ; and he could not agree with the noble lord , that the making out such an appointment was in any degree trenching upon the authority of sir John Moore.—And here he was naturally brought to the correspondence , that had passed between those two persons , and which called forth so much commentary from the noble lord ; and in the first place it did appear upon the face of that correspondence that it had not originated in any intrusion on the part of Mr. Frere . Mr. Frere 's first letter was an answer to one from sir John Moore , in which that officer called for the sentiments of the king 's minister there . There was nothing unusual or extraordinary in persons so situated wishing that the common cause in which they were engaged should have every advantage resulting from the aid of their mutual advice and consultations ; but there was one assertion of the noble lord , in commenting on that correspondence , which he believed would not be found to be correct , at least he hoped it would not , for the sake of sir John Moore himself ; it was that sir John Moore had been influenced contrary to his own judgment , by that correspondence , to advance from Salamanca ; this did not appear on the face of the correspondence ; but it did appear that sir John Moore had refused