contended that the appointment to these sinecures was at all essential to the stability or the dignity of the regal power . The appointment to sinecures had been represented by Mr. Burke , as `` the perennial spring of all prodigality and disorder , which loaded us more than millions of our debt . '' It was to this part of the Report , that the house was particularly called upon to attend.—Having already stated the amount of the expenditure in sinecures , pensions , & c. he proposed next to consider it under two heads , the one unobjectionable , the other questionable , though it was not his wish to be understood to consider what he represented questionable as altogether objectionable . According to his view , whatever pensions were settled on the different branches of the royal family ; whatever pensions were charged upon the consolidated fund , and secured by act of parliament ; whatever pensions were charged upon the civil list , and regulated by Mr. Burke 's act , should be left altogether out of consideration , as unobjectionable . Of the same description he considered the pensions to officers ' widows ; the provision for superannuated artificers ; and for men retiring from office after long and faithful service ; and he should leave them also out of view . The whole amount , under these various heads , was 697,740l . in England . As to the sinecures and allowances by way of pensions , and pensions not regulated by Mr. Burke 's bill , he considered them as primâ facie questionable , and proposed to take a view of them as 414 they existed ; first in England , then in Scotland , and afterwards in Ireland . The first of this class of pensions , which he regarded as questionable , came under the head of pensions to foreign ministers . In the year 1787 the amount of these pensions was 9,185l . but it was now , as appeared by the Report , as high as 51,689l . besides some contingent pensions and others not included in the Report ; but whether any others had been granted since the Report was presented , he could not take upon him to state . A great increase had , therefore , taken place under this head . By Mr. Burke 's bill it was proposed to reduce the aggregate amount of the pension-list to 60,000l . but that limit was afterwards extended to 95,000l . so that the pensions to foreign ministers had encreased to more than one half of the whole amount of the pension list , according to the provisions of Mr. Burke 's bill . This was a subject which called for the serious attention of the house ; and upon this branch of the public expenditure it was his opinion , that a most important retrenchment might in time be effected.—Another class of pensions to which he felt it his duty to call the attention of the house was , that of the pensions arising out of and charged upon the four and a half per cent . duties ; with respect to the pensions arising out of those duties , it was not his intention in that instance to submit any specific resolution to the house ; but at the same time , if his calling the attention of his majesty 's ministers to that part of the subject , should be productive of no measure on their part for applying a remedy in that case , he should then feel it his duty to submit to the house at some future period , the propriety of sending op to the throne , an humble and dutiful Address upon this subject , considering that to be the most respectful mode of proceeding , in all cases where the application related to any interference with the royal prerogative . He would here recal to the house 's recollection , the rise of those duties : It would be recollected that , in the first instance , these duties upon the four and a half per cents .