's manes in the agonies of hunger . '' Can there be a doubt , my lords , that all such shocking practices should be considered and punished as misdemeanors ? Here again it may be said that the bill , in this part of it , will invest magistrates with a novel and dangerous discretion . I am not yet arrived at that part of the case , though I am fast approaching it ; when I do , I pledge myself without fear to maintain the contrary , to the satisfaction of every one of your lordships , more especially including the learned lords of the house . No less frequent and wicked an 564 abuse is the manifest overloading of carriages and animals of burden , particularly asses , and as far as this poor animal is unjustly considered an emblem of stupidity , the owners who thus oppress him are the greatest asses of the two . The same may be said of keeping animals without adequate food to support their strength , or even their existence ; this frequently happens to beasts impounded for trespasses ; I have had complaints of this abuse from all parts of the country . The notice to the owner is seldom served , and thus the poor innocent animal is left to starve in the pound.—As far as an animal is considered merely as property , this may be all very well , and the owner must find him out at his peril , but when the animal is looked to , upon the principle of this bill , the impounder ought to feed him , and charge it to the ownex as part of the damages . Only one other offence remains , which I think it necessary to advert to , which it is difficult sufficiently to expose and stigmatize , from the impudence with which it is every day committed , as if the perpetrators of this kind of wickedness were engaged in something extremely entertaining and innocent , if not meritorious ; I allude to those extravagant betts for trying the strength and indurance of horses ; not those animating races , properly so called , which the horse really enjoys , and which , though undoubtedly attended with , collateral evils , has tended greatly to improve the breed of that noble and useful animal . The contests which I consider as wilful and wanton cruelty , are of a different kind ; I maintain that no man , without being guilty of that great crime , can put it upon the uncertain and mercenary die , whether in races against time ; no ; not properly so called , but rather journeys of great distances within limited periods , the exertions shall very far exceed the ordinary power which nature has bestowed on the unhappy creature , thus wickedly and inhumanly perverted from the benevolent purposes of their existence . All the observations I have just been making to your lordships , undoubtedly apply to the maliciously tormenting any animal whatsoever , more especially animals which we have voluntarily reclaimed and domesticated ; and yet I fairly own to your lordships , that as the Bill was originally drawn , and as it stood until a few days ago , it would not have reached many shameful and degrading practices . The truth is , that I was afraid to run too rapid- 565 ly and directly against prejudices . But on conversing with very enlightened and learned men , I took courage in my own original intention , and introduced the concluding clause , which comprehended the wickedly and wantonly tormenting any reclaimed animal ; the effect of which in practice I will explain hereafter , when I come to shew the practicability of executing the law without trespassing upon the just lights and privileges of mankind . If your lordships , however , shall ultimately differ from me in this part of the subject , you can strike out this clause in the committee . I have purposely kept it quite distinct and separate from the rest of the Bill ,