punishment should be appropriate to the offence . The censure contained in these Resolutions would convey a slur upon the character of the noble lord , the effect of which the house would see and 240 contemplate . If the house was prepared to pass such a sentence ( and he did not know in what milder terms it could be conveyed ) , they must see that it must end in the removal of the noble lord from his official situation . Thus it would be made as severe a punishment as could be inflicted , even had the imputed offence been actually committed . Lord Castlereagh never appeared in the transaction , but in a moment 's conversation , until the close . His lordship indeed stated , that the person to be appointed must be a proper person , one who was sufficiently qualified for the situation . The affair could not have been completed , without giving his lordship full time to review the whole and to make every proper enquiry . There were shades of offence , and the present was by no means of that nature as to call for that sort of censure which would amount to political extinction in that house . Let the house consider dispassionately whether it was that sort of case that called upon them to institute any proceedings , or to record any censure . It had been compared to bribery . How would the case stand in that respect , if a charge were made where there was no bribery committed ; and which had occurred two parliaments ago ? Could the house , in such a case , think it necessary to pronounce , a judgment on the transaction ? The noble lord ( A. Hamilton ) had spoken of his ( Mr. Perceval 's ) trap , and wondered what he would have said had he caught his colleague . He could only say that he should have been very much surprised : but , yet let the noble lord recollect that he had laid his trap so widely , that if his colleagues had been guilty , assuredly he would have caught them.—The house had been called upon to record this censure and to consider the means of making themselves respected . He thought , however , that the house was most likely to create a due respect for itself , not by endeavouring to promulgate its laws by punishments , but by enactments : not by taking up a case marked by so many circumstances of limitation and mitigation , as the present must unquestionably appear to be . There was no privilege violated ; there was no seat obtained . All rested , at the most , in the mere intention and nothing in fact , and yet the greatest severity was to be inflicted . It was far , indeed , beyond what the nature of the case could require.—The right hon . gent . concluded , by expressing his wish to proceed to the order 241 of the clay , not on account of its peculiar importance , but because he thought that , upon a fair and impartial consideration of the present question , it did not require any further investigation or proceeding on the part of the house of commons . was disposed strongly , upon a case of this delicacy and importance , to exercise all those feelings of generosity which it was calculated to excite ; and if he should fall into error in the course he was about to pursue , it would be error on the side of lenity rather than severity . It had been stated by the right hon . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ) that the fact urged against the noble viscount was merely a parliamentary offence ; whilst the hon . gent . under the gallery , ( Mr . Manners Sutton , ) had declared that the only way in which the house could do its duty to the public would be by passing an adequate judgment upon that fact ; and yet both gentlemen proposed