his majesty , that upon a review of the enormous sums of money , which , under the direct title of subsidies , and under the most specious denomination of loans , have been advanced by this country to foreign powers , by far the largest part of which has been given to the house of Austria , and the result of such exertions , as manifested in the present state of Europe , his majesty 's faithful commons do not feel themselves justified in consenting to the advance of any further sums of money for the emperor of Austria . The view taken by his majesty of other intended demands likely to be made upon the resources of the country , plainly shew that his majesty does not contemplate the propriety or possibility of making any such large advance as could be likely to give any great additional support to the internal resources of the . Austrian empire ; whilst at the same time every additional burden upon the subjects of these kingdoms must be severely felt , and ought not to be imposed , except where the national faith is pledged , the advantage to be derived probable , and the expectation of such advantage grounded upon wise and well matured calculation.—To assure his majesty , that so long as a hope can be entertained of a successful issue to the Spanish cause , and consistency and effect can be given to the exertions of the people of Portugal by pecuniary assistance from this country , his majesty 's faithful commons will cheerfully grant to his majesty the means of furthering so great and glorious an object ; but in making such sacrifice , on the part of the people , his majesty 's faithful commons earnestly recommend it to his majesty , that the application of the money entrusted to his majesty 's disposal , should be made with the greatest care and the most attentive discrimination ; always recollecting , that the events of each succeeding day shew the necessity of strict economy in the management of the resources of the state , in order to be prepared for that last and most arduous struggle , to which , as it appears to 819 this house , these events are but too likely to lead . '' said , that he was inclined to pay the utmost respect to every thing that fell from his hon . friend , not only on account of his talents , but on account of that industry with which he was known to attend to subjects of this nature ; and he had no doubt , but that the country held in just estimation the motives by which the conduct of his hon . friend was , in every instance , influenced . It was , therefore , with the utmost pain that he differed from him upon any subject , still more , in the present instance . For his part , he did not see any great distinction between standing on a table at the Crown and Anchor , and standing on the floor at the London Tavern . He did not see any great distinction between meeting to celebrate the birth-day of Mr. Pitt , and meeting to celebrate that measure ( Parliamentary Reform ) most prominent in his politics , and one which perhaps those who supported him would be inclined to regard as the most distinguishing feature of his character . He ( Mr. Smith ) was one of those who firmly believed , that the war at the commencement of the French Revolution was a defensive war on her part ; but it appeared to him that the aggressions of France , since that period , particularly in the instance of the attack upon Spain , which was accompanied with such enormous aggravations , entirely altered the complexion of the politics of Europe , and the nature and character of the war . He believed that France had a disposition to attack Austria . He was extremely ready to agree , that his hon . friend had brought forward strong arguments in favour of