declared to be a calumny so foul against the noble Duke , if not true , that it was impossible to suppose a clergyman of the Church of England could have fabricated the whole story ; yet that parish clerk , when referred to , roundly asserts , `` that no such fact ever existed : that he never could have said so , because it was not true , and whoever said so , was a villain for bringing up his name with so infamous a falsehood . '' When called upon to retract that poison which he had so maliciously circulated in the world , Mr. Bowles , modestly demanded the proof of a direct negative , to enable him to do justice to the memory of the Duke , and to quote his own words , said , `` he should be very happy to find by clear , precise , and indisputable evidence , that no such fact ever existed . '' The proof of a negative is difficult : in this case , however , it so happened , that the proof could be afforded to him . When it was afforded , he denied justice to him whom he had so calumniated , and when his correspondence with Mr. Adam was published to the world , he commented upon that correspondence , in a way to leave the impression which he had endeavoured to create still existing on the public mind ; at least , as far as depended upon himself . At that time , he was a gentleman in high repute , of great estimation , a man receiving the reward of his literary labours , an unblemished servant of the public , a person who was writing to accuse others of not having made proper and just returns of their incomes , upon which the tax might be levied : holding his head high in society , the censor of morals , and unsuspected of such a flagitious course of proceeding against the public as has now come to light . These were piping times with the Anti-Jacobins . One was fighting his way up to be an ambassador ; another was preparing to govern the country in the shape of a secretary of state , and Mr. John Bowles , their supposed associate , who prepared the heavier parts of the composition , while the budding diplomatist and secretary were relaxing from their severer studies , in those humourous , political effusions , which adorn the page of the Anti-Ja- 315 cobin , was reclining in the dignity of his office in Broad-street , and dealing out his anathemas against all those who opposed that administration , which had so amply rewarded his past , and secured his future labours.—Many literary characters , of somewhat higher reputation than Mr. Bowles , have sighed in vain for that ease and retirement which he found . Dr. Johnson feelingly laments the want of easy circumstances and uninterrupted leisure , which are so favourable to literary pursuits . Mr. Bowles found the blessings of retirement , ease , and patronage . Under these auspicious circumstances , he produced a vast number of publications all of the same tendency ; and although the right hon . gent. , Mr. Rose , assures the house he never read a syllable in one of them , I can assure him that the title pages to some contain the words fourth ( nay I believe fifth ) , edition , so that the doctrines and sentiments contained in them were pretty widely diffused : or an imposture was played off on the public . I had rather the latter should have been the case . But numerous as the writings may hereafter be , from this time forth they will be bereft of all venom . The Virgin is Unmasked , and can no longer be palmed upon the public for that which she is not.—Surely , Sir , the house will agree to all the Resolutions which have been proposed by my hon . friend ! Will they accept of the course proposed by the Chancellor