first and fundamental objection to legislating upon this , and various similar subjects . You inflict pains and penalties , upon conditions which no man is able previously to ascertain . You require men to live by an unknown rule . You make the condition of life uncertain , by exposing men to the operation of a law , which they can not know till it visits them in the shape of punishment . What is humanity ? It is generally the having a consideration for the sufferings of others , ( men or other sentient beings ) as compared with pains or gratifications of our own . But what the proportion was , necessary to be observed between our own and others pain , or , ( as was ofener the case in the subject then under consideration , ) what the proportion was between others pain and our pleasure or interest , no mortal attempted to ascertain : nor was it one and the same , but as various as there were , various men , and various circumstances and subjects to which it was applied , and what was of not less consequence , varied as men were judging in their own case , or in that of their neighbours . It was not only not the same in any two men , but not the same in the same man for half an hour together , but changed , according as he applied it to one case or another , or was in one humour or another , or , above all , was judging in the case of others or of himself . This was no exaggerated representation . As a proof , let any man go through the instances where his humanity has been shocked , at one time , and where at others it has remained perfectly in repose . The instances of ill treatment of animals , which most frequently occurred , ( and were most in the view of the advocates of this bill , ) were those which arose from passion ; a coachman whipping his coach-horses , a carman 1034 beating his cart-horse . The undisturbed spectator , who knows nothing of the causes that have led to this , and who , as Swift says of men bearing others misfortunes , can bear the provocations , which have inflamed another , 'perfectly like a Christian , ' is full of virtuous ire , and inveighs hotly against the man who can thus go into a senseless passion with his horse ; but he does not consider that the irritability here shewn may have come upon a man wearied by long labour , and soured by some recent vexation , and have been excited withal by something in the horse , which he has been led , foolishly for the most part , to consider as perverseness ; nor does the blamer recollect , how , he himself the day before , when he was riding comfortably to get an appetite for his dinner , spurred his horse most unmercifully , ( as violently as his fears would let him ) , because the animal had been guilty of starting or stumbling . Here was an instance of that different standard of humanity , which men have in their breasts for themselves or others , for their cooler moments and for their passionate ones ; and we might thence see what flagrant and scandalous injustice would be done , under a criterion subject to such variation . It was no answer to say , that the judgment was not unjust , because the judge might have been guilty of the same offence : and that as he punished others , others might punish him . The judge , we knew , would not be punished . Few would inform against his worship the squire because he had rode his hunter to death , or unmercifully whipped , or in a fit of anger shot , his pointer . The scandal therefore in the general administration of the law would remain , even though those who were convicted , were