of self interest , and originated with some attorneys , in particular neighbourhoods . Under the pretence of cheap justice , they were in their effects nothing but cheap injustice to the country . After stating many other sufficient grounds for rejecting the bill , his lordship said , that he had come down to oppose this bill , to mark his disapprobation of such partial , ineffective , and too often injurious measures . The ancient county courts yet remained open to suitors ; and he was happy to say , that a noble and learned lord had an intention of bringing forward a measure which contained no partial application , but was directed to this subject in such a way as to embrace the country at large . was glad in having the present opportunity of expressing his approbation of the sentiments delivered by his noble and learned friend . He was aware his noble and learned friend had bestowed particular and serious attention on the subject , before his present line of conduct . With him , he agreed , considerable mischief had been felt by society , in the multiplication of these acts of parliament ; they had been carried 889 into execution by very improper persons , and had a pernicious effect upon those persons themselves ; for they thereby imbibed wrong notions of justice , and when they became jurymen , they were apt , from such wrong bias of mind , to give verdicts in opposition to the opinion of learned judges , and in opposition to the established law of the country ; they were also destructive to the very first principles of all law amongst us , for they introduced a mode of decision , without laying down , by precedent , any known rule of conduct . said a few words , expressive of his opinion , that the opposition might be considered hard , as in a particular manner affecting the present bill . had long witnessed , with regret , the increase of bills of this description . The necessity of some general legislative measure was , in his opinion , evident ; and would be found so upon a perusal of the report of the committee appointed to examine into the laws of debtor and creditor . after supporting the arguments of the other noble lords on the present question , stated , that he had it in intention to bring before their lordships , in the next session , a bill for carrying county courts into full effect throughout England . He wished also to state , that he had two other bills in view to bring before their lordships next session . The first was to raise the sum on which writs of arrests took place , to an amount higher than it was at present , which was ten pounds . The object of the other was to endeavour to apply , as far as it was practicable , that principle which had been acted upon in the laws of Scotland , and in the commercial country of Holland , to the insolvency laws of this land . He meant the principle of Cessio Bonorum . He could not state exactly the mode he would pursue ; but , perhaps , it might be , by a sort of perpetual insolvency bill , as far as he could make it practicable . moved the third reading of the bill to afford further time , for the commissioners to report upon the Judicature of Scotland . spoke at length upon the 890 subject , and entered into the principles and details of the proposed measure . He complimented his noble and learned relative ( lord Grenville , ) —learned , he called him , because , he had studied the laws of the country , and because he was once in the learned profession—for his manly and just attempts to give the Scotch the benefit of Trial by Jury . He thought it was very difficult to shew that the Scotch people should not have that benefit ; they were , in fact , better