, in fact , he had ever been in the habit of bringing forward such motions ? He should feel much better pleased if he could consistently agree with the majority of any assembly in which he happened to sit , but while he could not do so , he would never shrink from his duty , however painful the task of performing it . As to official forms , which had been dwelt upon by the hon . secretary , the hon . baronet allowed that recent experience shewed that all those forms might be strictly complied with , while the grossest mal-practices were going forward.—After recapitulating and enforcing his arguments , the hon . baronet persisted in his intention to call the persons to the bar , who were most competent to inform the house upon this transaction , which he continued to consider a scandalous job ; which , leaving the Infirmary entirely out of the question , ought hot to be disposed of in a way that would take from the beauty of the hospital . The hon . baronet approved of the idea thrown out by his hon . friend , of moving that a plan of the grounds alluded to should be laid before the house . But he would recommend gentlemen to go , as he had done , to look at the building under consideration , and their own observations would , he was confident , serve more to convince their minds than any argument that could be offered upon the subject . in explanation stated , that he did not mean to impute any improper motives to the hon . baronet . If he had done so , he was ready to apologise to the house and to him . At the same time , the hon . baronet must expect the language of irritation from him , when he characterized as a job a transaction in which he had been concerned . observed , that all that had been required for Chelsea hospital was granted . If those more particularly connected with the hospital had desired the whole of this ground , they would have had it . He could conceive no motive that could have induced them to ask less than was really wanted . The Treasury , he contended , had throughout strictly performed their duty , and had expressly restrained the lessee from building houses , or planting trees 44 in any situation where they might be in the slightest degree inconvenient to the purposes of the hospital . wished to be informed what was the quantity of land transferred to the hospital , and what the quantity let to col. Gordon . replied , that this would appear when the plan and the papers were before the house . replied , that it consisted of four acres and a quarter , of which the quarter had been assigned to the hospital , and the four acres to col. Gordon . ( Hear ! hear ! ) observed , that the Treasury had acted with all the precautions required by the act of parliament . It was a serious thing to bring a charge against the Treasury of having been engaged in a scandalous job , and then to say that the hon . baronet had been unacquainted with the circumstances under which they had acted . said , that all who were interested in Chelsea Hospital , were greatly obliged to the hon . baronet for having brought forward this business . Of all the things wanted for an Infirmary , fresh air was the most requisite , and he hoped the building on this ground would not be permitted to proceed until some further inquiry was made . He also expressed his wish that the terms on which the lease had been purchased by the Treasury from lord Yarborough , should be stated , because this appeared necessary for the purpose of comparison , and would contribute materially to the attaining of correct views on the subject . He even thought it might be advisable to move for the proper documents on that point .