he would certainly give his voice in its favour . moved , that the house should go into a Committee on this bill . moved as an Amendment , that the bill be committed this day three months . On the question that the house should now go into a Committee on the said bill , the numbers were Ayes 27 Noes 37 Majority against the bill —10 rose to bring forward his promised motion respecting the determination formed by the Court of East India Directors , to the peremptory recal of those persons whose appointments to India as Cadets and Writers were procured by corrupt or clandestine influence . The hon . bart . argued at length on what he termed the cruelty and injustice of not only recalling those persons from India , after years of faithful service , but totally ruining their future prospects , by declaring them incapable of being again employed in the East India Company 's service ; to the preparation for which , the whole education and study of their youth had been , devoted . Some of the persons who now became subject to this harsh sentence were young men of first-rate talents , who had carried out with them certificates of being the most accomplished proficients in the Eastern languages ever sent put from England . If any charge of criminality was fairly incurred in these cases , it was not by the parties doomed to be the victims , but by their friends who negotiated , and the Directors who procured their appointments ; the persons themselves were not apprized that any risk was attached to these appointments , or that circumstances in the mode of their attainment might render them nugatory ; of which it would have been no more than justice to apprize them , in order that they might have been induced to make minute and cautious in- 1072 quiry before they undertook the trouble and expence of a voyage to India , and devoted some of the best years of their youth to pursuits from which they must now be cut off , for facts of which they would receive the first intimation with the order for their recal . This determination he said , was founded upon a Resolution of a Report so long since as 1796 . But even if the parties then injured were apprized of any law which made the places liable to forfeiture that were obtained by purchase or corrupt influence , it was not very natural for them to conceive the Company seriously intended the rigorous inforcement of such a law , when they every day saw advertisements in the public prints , for the open sale and purchase of such appointments , without any public or avowed discountenance from the Court of Directors . The hon . bart . concluded by moving , `` That this house do not concur with the determination on the part of the Court in the Report of the Committee appointed to inquire into the Abuse of East-India Patronage , as far as it related to the immediate necessity of recalling , and declaring incapable of holding any future situations , those persons , who , though either innocent or ignorant of the means by which their situations were procured , would be thus visited by a measure of severity equally repugnant to British justice and the rights of humanity . '' vindicated the conduct of the Court of Directors in the determination they had felt it their duly to adopt , however painful to their private feelings , but to which they were bound by every sense of official obligation . The hon . baronet was in an error when he stated that this determination of the Directors was founded upon an obsolete Resolution of 1796 : for the Directors had long since resolved to pass over in amnesty all the appointments improperly obtained previously to that date . Equally erroneous was the hon . baronet 's statement , that the public were not sufficiently apprized of the determination of the Directors upon this subject , or that any person could fairly plead