, that persons who had served for twenty-five years , thought themselves privileged to retire , though then perhaps in the prime of life , in their 45th or 46th years , when they had become fully acquainted with the nature of their office , and were at that very time better able to discharge the duties of it , than they had been at any former period , thus superannuating themselves after they had , as it were , served a sort of an apprenticeship to the duties of the office.—Another circumstance of which he had to complain , with respect to the indiscriminate allowance of compensations was , that they were given not only to those who retired from places and offices held by patent , but to those also who retired from places they had held merely during pleasure ; this was not in unison with the true and original principle of such grants , for they were intended to prevent injustice ; but what injustice , he would ask , was suffered by the man who holding a place at pleasure was removed at pleasure ? He thought it wrong , therefore , so to misapply the public money , by giving it to those who had no claims whatever upon public justice . Hence he thought that the best possible remedy against all such misapplications , would be the publicity of the grants themselves ; if they were all publicly given . If no compensation could be given without every circumstance of the grant , nature , and object of it being laid upon the table of that house , they would not have to complain of so many improper grants , and indeed in general , the best remedy against the evil they so often heard complained of in that house under the term Jobs , would 420 be publicity in every thing relating to the disposal of the public money.—The whole amount of objectionable or questionable charge for Ireland ( including pensions 120,846l . 12s . 4d . compensations for Union 97,663l . 13s . 4d . sinecures and reversons 102,104l . ) amounted to three hundred and twenty thousand six hundred and fourteen pounds six shillings per annum . He had now mentioned the evils , and he should next state the means by which he proposed to come at the remedies . He had in his hand a series of resolutions , which he would submit to the Committee , in case the house agreed in appointing it : —Here the hon . gent . read those Resolutions , which stated in substance , the urgent necessity at such a period of the strictest economy in the disposal of the public money . That it was not so much the object to abolish certain offices as that the amount of those charges should not exceed the just estimate of the services rendered thereby to the public . That it was desirable that the emoluments of offices appertaining to courts of law should not be permitted to fluctuate or to go beyond their estimate at their first institution . That Mr. Burke 's bill had wisely stipulated against the unnecessary creation of places and offices , and that it would be expedient to follow up that stipulation by providing for the annual publicity of all grants of such Places . The learned and hon . gent . then concluded with moving , That his Resolutions do lie upon the table , and that a Committee of the whole house be appointed to take into further consideration the third Report of the Committee of Finance on this day se'nnight . * rose to second the motion . He concurred most cordially in all the Resolutions proposed by the hon . , in explanation , said , that he meant not to affect the sums appropriated to Officers ' Widows , or any such charge . He had distinctly stated , in setting out , that he wished those to be laid aside in the consideration to which he was about to call the attention of the house . returned his thanks to the