England , by whom , as far as his observation enabled him to judge , such calumnies were wholly unmerited.—Having made these observations , he would leave it to the house to judge how unfair it was to deal out insinuations against whole classes of the people , or whether it would not have been more candid and manly to name the persons at whom such observations were applied . He was convinced upon the result of all that he had an opportunity of observing , that there was no set of men in this country disaffected to the government ; and to make an assertion that there was , would 246 be as injurious to the people , as it would be dangerous to the security of the throne , and hostile to the constitution and the interests of the country . He had attended particularly to every thing that had been said by the noble lord in his defence , or rather in his confession , and whatever difference of opinion might appear to exist in the house as to the degree of his guilt , it appeared to him to be an aggravated case . It appeared to him to be an abuse of die patronage of a minister with a view to make an attack upon the independence of parliament . If a minister were proved guilty of such an offence , was the house not to say that he was so guilty ? It was not now a question of punishment ; or if the removal of the noble lord from office was to be considered a punishment , this was the first time that he ever heard of its being a punishment to be out of office . The noble lord had said that his object was , in disposing of this writership , to procure support for government , that is , for the administration , because that was the way in which he confounded the government with the administration . But as the noble lord had given them to understand that he would still think that a justifiable mode of disposing of his patronage , it was the duty of that house to guard against such abuses . The patronage of the state was the property of the public , and ought to be fairly and impartially distributed amongst the people . If ministers had attended more to this principle , and less to the practice of exclusively promoting their particular connections , there would have been a benefit to the public service , and certainly less disgust existing out of doors at the manner in which this patronage had been hitherto disposed of . The noble lord had complained in some measure , that he had been convicted solely upon his own evidence ; but he would leave it to the house to decide whether there could have been stronger evidence produced ? Yet whilst the noble lord rested so much on the circumstance that his conviction was not supported by any evidence but his own admission , he had still endeavoured to maintain that there had been nothing blameable in the transaction , as he wished only to bring his friend into parliament , that he might have his assistance in their common department . That statement was sufficient alone to shew that these Resolutions ought to be passed . If the noble lord could pervert his official patronage for the pur- 247 pose of bringing a friend into parliament , that was , in his mind , a heavy offence , such , he was convinced , as that house would consider no other heavier . The right hon . gent . had complained that the hon . gent . on the floor ( Mr. W. Smith ) Lad made an allusion to the transactions in which the noble lord had been concerned at the time of the Union . He could not see any hardship in such an allusion , when the noble lord and his friends had laid so much stress upon the purity of his motives . It was natural , in answer to such a