and on which parliament had always been used to vote on confidence . But the case , which , beyond all others , proved the independence and virtue of parliament , was the proceeding adopted concerning lord Melville . We saw 662 a minister , who had been in office for 20 years , who had displayed great talents and ability , who possessed the favour of his sovereign , and enjoyed the confidence of his country in a high degree , at once driven into disgrace , for neglecting to restrain the conduct of a dependant in the misuse of the public money . Neither the influence of administration , the power of the crown , nor the tears of Mr. Pitt , were found availing to induce the house to abstain from requiring his removal from the privy council , on an occasion where he had failed in his duty to his country . All these are proofs of a degree of independence , of public spirit , and of public virtue , which will not be found in the history of any nation , or in the proceedings of parliament during the times of our ancestors . They abundantly prove , that we have discharged our duty with honour and integrity ; and should induce the house to disregard the present clamour , which must soon subside ; being founded in an exaggerated and impassioned view of a late transaction , and in no degree justified by our conduct , which , in every stage , has been wise , moderate , and just . Influenced by these sentiments , I maintain that no change is necessary ; but , even if a change were necessary , is the bill of the hon . gentleman calculated to amend the character or composition of parliament ? What is the conduct of the persons whom he seeks to exclude from this house ? If I ask out of doors , or even if I ask some within these walls , they will answer like the hon . baronet , ( Sir Watkin Wynn . ) that they are peculators and jobbers , who having bought their seats seek only to obtain a remuneration for the expenditure they have thus incurred , who are at all times ready to say to their constituents ( in the words of the story ) , `` I have bought you , and now I will sell you . '' But is this the fact ? and are they found to discharge their duty less conscientiously than other members ? What is the class of persons supposed to purchase seats in this house ? Merchants of extended connexion , and of great wealth ; men who have served their country abroad in the naval and military profession ; lawyers of great eminence ; or persons who by any other means have arrived at considerable affluence or distinction . Having provided for all the necessaries and luxuries of life , and a surplus still remaining , instead of wasting it in maintaining an increased retinue , or more splendid equipage , they dispose of it in 663 obtaining an introduction to this assembly , anxious to become known to all who are great and eminent among their countrymen ; and often honestly hoping , that when questions come under discussion , in which , from the habits of their life , they are conversant , they may be useful to their country . They are men who have a disposition to preserve , if not always endowed with a capacity to amend , the constitution of their country . The powers of the legislature are at least safe in their hands . And what is the course they are found to pursue ? They generally support the ministers to whom his majesty has intrusted the administration of public affairs ; and such generally is the first duty of every good citizen , in dangerous and critical times like the present . But whenever measures of a doubtful nature are proposed , are they the persons who most readily sacrifice their feelings and opinions at the