, though only culpable in yielding to the solicitations of B , and bestowing an office on a person he thought deserving of such a situation . A might , in fact , be more likely to accuse C than B , however culpable B might have been ; as A and B might be supposed to be friends , while between A and C no connection whatever might have existed . rose to oppose this motion . He said , that this bill went merely to amend the laws as they now existed , and to continue a principle of finance which had been proved to be ineffectual . It was under these laws , and the principle of them , of collecting the duties by what was called a system of survey , that is , by measuring the wash , low wines and spirits , that all the illicit distillation had flourished , and still continued to flourish . He said , he was borne out by the Commissioners of Inquiry in desiring that this system should be departed from , as they had recommended another system , called the licence system , under which a distiller had only to take out a licence , and pay for it according to the number of gallons of spirits which it was presumed he could make in a year , by which means the revenue was sure of being very considerable , and the distiller was left at liberty to work without the vexatious interference of the excise officers . He was of opinion , that unless small stills were allowed to work , the illicit distillation would never be put down . He referred to Mr. Croker 's evidence to prove , that a small still would 577 pay more duty comparatively with a large one ; but so long as the right hon . gent . persevered in his system of giving bounties of 8l . and 10l . per cent . on the duty paid by distillers using large stills , it was impossible that a small still could work in competition with them . He said this system of encouraging large stills was very injurious to the landlord and to the farmer ; it took away the market from the interior of the country ; for grain , which the farmer would have if persons were admitted to work small stills ; and as to the illicit trade , it was obvious , that if a large district had no vent for its grain , and no cheap supply of spirits , there always would be illicit distillers . He then said , that the right hon . gent . meant by this bill to double the fines on townlands ; this was a pretty way to meet the complaints of the people of Ireland against these fines . He read from a Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry a statement shewing , that in one county the amount of fines imposed in one year was 80,000l . but that only 600l . had been able to be collected , and that the expence which it cost the public to make the seizures for which these fines were to be levied was 50,000l. , so that the whole benefit of the system was , that of the excise officers , and no stop was put to illicit distillation . He , therefore , feeling that the bill did not go to attain the object which it professed to do , and which was desired by all the Irish members , namely , to admit small stills to work , would move , that it be read a second time this day three months . said , that though he agreed for the most part with what had fallen from the last speaker , he thought it better to let the bill go to a Committee . was surprized at the motion of his hon . friend for putting off the second reading of this bill . Having been privy to many conversations between the distillers and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland , he