resorted to . But how can an administration , not possessing the public affection and confidence , venture on such measures ? No combination of talents can form a strong government unless this sin quâ non be effected . Some of the measures adopted by the right , hon . gent , have unfortunately had the effect of increasing the distrust , and lessening the respect of the people for this house . How shall we , for instance , reconcile to the country , the vote given recently in the case of a noble Secretary ? The loss which might have been sustained by the retiring from office of a person possessing the noble lord 's acknowledged talents and assiduity would have been ten-fold compensated by the effect that sacrifice would have had on the outraged feelings of the country . I am ready to allow that under the present system , ministers can hardly be deemed free agents . Those who support them think themselves entitled to the patronage most commodious to them : and the demands are so great , that I do believe many jobs are consented to by ministers sorely against their will . An opportunity now offers itself to the minister , of compliance with a measure which I sincerely believe will be grateful to the country . It comes from no concert : it is offered with no view of hostility to him , or favour to his adversaries . Anxious I admit myself to be , to learn the right hon . gent . 's sentiments . If hostile ; to him , not to me , be the consequences . To opposition I would say , be cautious how you sanction this measure with your approbation , earnestly as I wish it . If it receives your support , you are pledged to act in conformity to it in the event of your return to power . The nefarious traffic in seats must then have an end . I beseech you therefore , not to delude the nation ; and not to support me with your votes , unless the measure fortunately receives your sincere approbation . 364 No long time has elapsed , Mr. Speaker , since we had an opportunity of witnessing the benefits which result to a minister from his sedulous observation of the temper and wishes of the people ; and his compliance with these wishes , when reasonable . The waste and profusion , the harsh and obnoxious acts of power , by which the predecessors in office of lord Sidmouth had disgraced their career , appeared to have been little to the taste of his lordship when minister . He adopted another line of conduct . Temper , mildness , and economy marked his sway . The object before his eyes appears evidently and uniformly to have been , to rule in the hearts of the people : and he succeeded . Though the country was again plunged in war , though extraordinary sacrifices and privations became necessary , yet we might then observe a general coalescence of opinion ; when our voluntary services in our country 's cause were called for , hundreds of thousands started to arms ; our `` plowshares '' were converted into `` swords . '' Instead of finding difficulty in completing our volunteer corps , the difficulty consisted in selecting among the too numerous offers . Could all this have been effected under an unpopular minister ? Still , I admit , Sir , that the present discontents may in some degree be ascribed to our taxation : but not so much to its direct pressure , as to the imprudent aggravation it receives from the mode in which our fiscal laws are administered . In the infancy of taxation , as in the infancy of life , to reconcile us to the pill , it may be prudent to gild it . But that system which might be suitable when five or ten millions were to be raised in the year , must be departed from , when your wants demand forty millions . The necessities of the