that question could not well be brought before the house till the Accounts of the Commissioners should be passed . He was not aware of any other observation , which he should think it necessary to make upon this occasion , and should therefore proceed to read to the house the Resolutions which be meant to propose for its adoption . He did not include in them any Resolution for directing a criminal prosecution against the Commissioners by the Attorney-General , because he understood that a doubt was entertained whether they were liable to such a proceeding ; and it would ill become him , whilst such a doubt existed , and in the presence of so many gentlemen who were so much more competent than himself to decide that point , to propose any Resolution to the house upon the subject . 298 —The hon . gent . concluded with moving the following Resolutions ; 1 . `` That it appears to this house , that to commit pecuniary trusts to any persons whatsoever , without providing any check on their proceedings , without calling for any regular or periodical accounts , and without settling , during a long course of years , the mode or amount of their remuneration , is a neglect which must inevitably lead to the most prejudicial consequences , and is a violation of the obvious duty of government . 2 . That such neglect and deviation have been proved to exist , and might have been attended with material loss to the public . 3 . That the Commissioners upon Dutch Property have been guilty of gross misconduct , in violating the act under which they were appointed , and appropriating to their own use without authority , sums for which they ought to have accounted to the public . 4 . That the Accounts of the Commissioners be referred to the Auditors of Public Accounts to be examined . 5 . That all consideration of the remuneration to be allowed to the Commissioners ought to be deferred till their accounts are finally settled . `` —On the question being put upon the first Resolution , felt it necessary , as chairman of the Committee which had made the Report , to state , that he most cordially concurred in every part of that Report . He would have wished , however , to have assigned some annual rate of remuneration to the commissioners , rather than a percentage , because he thought it desirable for parliament to shew that it would not countenance the practice of giving to such Commissioners an allowance upon the proceeds of their sales . The remuneration , as recommended in the report by the Committee , was now 10,000l . no very inadequate compensation for the light business they had to perform . But this remuneration would be still farther reduced by the sums the Commissioners would have to refund . By the act of parliament , their accounts must be sent to the Auditors of Public Accounts , who have power to demand interest on the sums kept at private bankers , or otherwise withheld from the public , by which a considerable reduction would be made in the amount of their remuneration . The Report recommended , that the Auditors should be directed to use their usual discretion with regard to these accounts . It was not with a view of preventing the house 299 from coming to any decision it might think proper , that he mentioned this circumstance , but in justice to the Committee , which did not consider itself at liberty to abstain from making a Report upon the subject of the remuneration , and had therefore introduced the round sum , liable , however , to the reductions he had alluded to . The Committee , too , had stated its opinion with respect to the duty of government , as appeared by the hon . gentleman 's having adopted in his first Resolution the very words of the Report , with the trifling alteration of a word , in substituting `` obvious '' for `` acknowledged . '' But