. 13s . 1½d . ; a circumstance which shelved the affluence of that country , and which should not make us despair . The whole charge of interest and sinking fund did not exceed the sum of 5l . 17s . 1½d . per cent . upon the whole of the debt so incurred . The right hon . gent . then concluded with moving , `` That the sum of 1,250,000 Irish currency be raised by way of annuities for the service of Ireland . '' —Although Sir , the right hon . gent . has stated that the balances in the hands of the present collectors have decreased considerably within the last year , yet if the orders issued by the duke of Bedford , when lord-lieutenant of Ireland , in 1807 , had been enforced , they would not have remained at one quarter part of the amount at which they now appear to be . The fact is , that from the period when that order was issued , the cash balances in the hands of the collectors were reduced to 33,400l . ; but when matters were committed to the right hon . gentleman opposite , the balances in the stamp department , that of the post office , and those of the deceased and dismissed collectors , were considerably augmented . I have to complain that a balance of 26,900l . should have been paid into the hands of the Treasurer of the post-office , as I conceive it to be a direct violation of the orders then issued . By the directions of the duke of Bedford , it was also enjoined , that the gross amount of seizures should be stated in all accounts laid before parliament , for the purpose of ascertaining , not only the amount of those seizures , but the expence of condemnation attending them ; but this does not appear to have been complied with . With res- 681 pect to the taxes which the right hon . gent . proposes , in order to raise the expences of the present year , I must say , he is much more sanguine than I am . Why he conceives that the prohibiting of raw corn in breweries will raise the sum he states , I can not imagine . As to the increase of the duty on strength of spirits , and the increase of work on stills , I think they will only hold out a larger inducement to illicit distilleries . I hope , however , that his taxes will prove more productive than I can conceive they are likely to be . I have one thing to impress upon the minds of the committee ; and that is , that it is perfectly immaterial what portion of gross revenue is to be raised upon the people , and paid to the Treasury , if the expences of the different boards be allowed to go on increasing , as they have done hitherto . The incidental expences of the Board of Excise , in 1806 , amounted to 13,000l . ; in 1807 , to 36,400l . ; and in 1808 , to 104,000l . of which last sum there was no less than 29,000l . paid to one individual for printing and stationary . This is only aggravating the burdens of the people , without raising any additional revenue . The gross product of the stamp duties had increased by 66,000l . ; but there was a defalcation of no less than 44,000l . for increased expences . In the Post-Office too , the expences were upon the increase to such a degree , that one would think the nominal addition to the revenue was rather for the sake of adding to the burdens and creating jobs , than tending to the good of the public . It is lamentable to look at the increase of the funded debt of Ireland . On the 5th of January , 18O1 , it amounted to 21,300,000l . on the 5th of January last , to 76,000,000l . and now the right hon . gent .