'' rose to bring forward his promised resolution respecting the appropriation of a sum of 9,000l . for the purchase of an official residence for the President of the Board of Controul , in the vicinity of the house of commons ; a grant at which he felt much astonishment , as he did not conceive such residence at all necessary to be provided at the public expense for the person filling that department , more especially as an ample salary for the president , two commissioners , and a secretary , was settled by act of parliament in the year 1793 . He found that this grant was made in consequence of a letter written in 1807 , by the right hon . gent. , who now filled that situation , to the duke of Portland , as first lord of the Treasury , stating that it would be expedient to provide such a residence for him in Downing-street . In reading the answer written by by Mr. Huskisson to this letter , he was not surprized at the shyness at first manifested by the lords of the Treasury to comply with the application . He could see no necessity whatever for putting the 930 public to such a heavy expense for au officer who had so little to do in his official capacity with the house of commons , and so little business to transact at the west-end of the town . There was , indeed , a real necessity that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who had so much to do with the house of commons and the Treasury , should have a contiguous and official residence ; but the Secretaries of State had no such residence provided , and much less could it be necessary or allowable in this case , particularly at the west end of the town , while in fact , the whole of the official business of the president of the controul lay at the India-house , and if such a residence was deemed necessary , it should have been in Leadenhall-street , where the purchase would have been much cheaper . While the father ( lord Melville ) of the right hon . gent . filled the situation , there was an India budget once a year ; but since the accession of the right hon . gent . to the office , not a single budget had been , brought forward ; and therefore he could not see even the shadow of an argument for such an appropriation , unless it was in the argument offered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the salary of 2,000l . a year was not adequate to the duties of the situation . He was ready to admit this fact ; the act of parliament for appropriating the 5,000l . as before mentioned , empowered his majesty to make a greater allowance from that fund , which might be fairly done , inasmuch as nearly the whole duty devolved upon the president , and the two commissioners and the secretary had little or nothing to do , and 1,500l . each was too much for them . If , however , the allowance was to be increased , it should be done directly and fairly , by act of parliament , and not indirectly and illegally , by the purchase of an official residence . Besides , it was well known that the appointment was not considered in itself as a place of adequate emolument , but rather as a step to one of greater profit , and so it appeared in the case of the right hon . gentleman . This system originated in the family of the right hon . gent. , and no such demand was ever made before the accession of lord Melville . The Company had indeed agreed , after some discussion , to comply with the desire of the noble lord , and purchase for him this very house in Downing-street , in 1800 ; but before the place could be fitted for his occupation , by Mr. Holland , the noble lord was removed