a man be poor , give him money enough , and he is poor no longer . But here we may almost say , that the richer the nation is , the poorer it is . It is in vain that wealth is pouring in from every quarter , and through an endless variety of channels ; that it is not confined , as national wealth in truth never can be , to particular persons or classes , but is diffused throughout with wonderful exactness ; or rather in larger measure , in fact , to the lower and middling orders ; that foreigners , resorting hither , can not behold without astonishment a display of wealth and enjoyment , unknown at any former time , or in any other country ; that we are reproached every day from the continent with our opulence and prosperity as contrasted with the penury and misery of other countries ; and are regarded with greedy eyes by the master of all the rest of Europe , as a mine of wealth , which he is longing only to get possession of ; all this while we , who know these things better , are representing ourselves , as a distressed , oppressed , burthened , and above all , impoverished nation . In the midst of this , there is nevertheless one remedy , which , if men could resolve to take it , would do away , as by a charm , all this dreadful state of poverty , and restore them in an instant to a condition of ease and affluence.—It seems like quackery to suppose the existence of such a nostrum , but it is explained in two words—Let every man resolve to live with no greater measure of enjoyments than his father did before him , than people of the same rank and class did forty years ago . I do not 755 ask that they should lay out only the same money : The same money would not now procure the same enjoyments : but that they should only require the same enjoyments . Let those who formerly walked on foot , be content to walk on foot now , and forego the use of a horse , when the price too of a horse and the expence of keeping one are so much greater . Let those whose means extended no further than to the keeping a horse , be willing to go back to that indulgence , and dispose of their gigs and whiskeys and tandems , now , too , that every article of that sort has risen to such an enormous amount . Let the former riders in gigs and whiskeys and one-horsed carriages , continue to ride in them , and not aspire to be rolling about in post-chaises or barouches , or often both in the one and the other . By this simple expedient , pursued , mutatis mutandis , through every class of the community , one may venture to say ; speaking always of persons whose misfortunes or imprudences have not reduced them already to actual distress ; that , nine tenths of those who fill the country with lamentations of their distress , all but the holders of fixed incomes of an early date , or persons in the lowest class of labourers , will find themselves instantly in a state of ease and affluence , fully able to satisfy all the demands of the state , and to lay by something as a future provision for their families . But as the expedient , we are sure , whatever its merits may be , will never be adopted , there will for ever remain , in the feeling excited by the payment of faxes , an inexhaustible fund of discontent of force sufficient to produce any effect desired , provided means can be found to give it a proper direction . This is the great work on which the artificers of revolution are at present employed . They say to the people , you are all sensible of the burthens under which you labour : you all