subject the elected member to an oath : to impose a penalty upon the seller of a seat though not upon the buyer , and to extend the bribery laws to a certain limit after the electron . The imposition of the oath upon the elected member might be desirable , but it was impossible to judge , without having the precise form of the oath under consideration . The hon . gent . had a right to expect that the house should give him leave to bring in his bill ; but , in doing that , the house would not be pledged to his plan , or any other to the same extent . The bill in its title was unexceptionable ; but in order to decide upon the measure they should have the bill before the house ; and he was apprehensive that the hon . gent . would find himself involved in endless difficulties . The hon . member had deprecated the use of language that might tend to mislead the people , yet , without certainly having any such intention , the hon . member had , in representing that house as too warlike , used language calculated to mislead the public , as if a reform of that house would put an end to the war . After the very able speech of the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , it was unnecessary for him to shew that the measure proposed would not allay what the hon . mover represented as the disturbed state of the public mind . If the hon . member took his idea of the state of the public mind from the resolutions and speeches to which he had before alluded ( and where could he have taken it but from them ) , would he suppose that this 374 measure would satisfy the persons who uttered them ? If the measure had been proposed by government , it would have been characterized as the most delusive that had ever been projected to impose upon the nation . He should not oppose the motion for bringing in the bill , and trusted he should have the vigilant assistance of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) in watching every part of its progress . Whatever he might think respecting the inconvenience of any change at the present moment , he had no hesitation in saying , that there could be no inconvenience in discussing any project of reform . What was said to be the growing sentiment of the country respecting reform had arisen from the silence of parliament ; and the only effectual mode of putting an end to the delusion practised upon the public , was to take up the discussion of such subjects in that house , and not leave them to be discussed in popular meetings and inflammatory papers out of doors . On these grounds , he should allow the bill to go to a second reading , but without giving any pledge to support it . heard with satisfaction the intent on of the right hon . gent . to support the motion of his hon . friend , so far as the introduction of the measure . This measure was simply an act of regulation , and , as it did not make any part of the question of Parliamentary Reform , he should abstain from making any observation upon that subject . The hon . gent . who proposed this measure to the house had said , that he would not value the support of any man who would not continue that support whether in or out of office . For his part , he had never given support to any measure that he did not continue to the end ; and he was then out of office because he would not abandon the support of a measure which he looked upon as essential to the vital interests of this empire . But in demanding such a pledge , the hon . member must suppose two things ; first , that his measure was