that it was asserted that every thing but official documents justified the statement of the amount of the Spanish armies as consisting of upwards of four hundred thousand men , exclusive of a body of reserve , consisting of a million ; and both these exclusive of the volunteers . We heard then of nothing but the spirit and enthusiasm of the Spaniards . I have looked for proof of this in vain to the documents presented by his majesty 's ministers ; I find nothing of the kind . I find , on the contrary , in the letters of every officer , of the greatest character , and whose credit stands highest with this house , statements of a very different description . I find lord William Bentinck , soon after his arrival at Madrid , sending accounts of the state of the army highly unfavourable ; that the greatest danger was to be apprehended from their inability to contend with the French , that their armies were in a state of total disorganization , that he found it impossible to prevail on the Supreme Junta to confer the sole command on some one distinguished officer , and that they were not prepared for the reverses they had met with.—After the defeat of general Blake , I find the accounts received were , still more unfavourable . If I look to the letters of general Broderick , I find them no less discouraging with respect to the people of Spain . In the letters of September 10 , and November 5 , you have accounts of the French army , and of the Spanish army opposed to them , which were calculated to encourage his majesty 's ministers in any thing rather than in sanguine hopes of success . In some of the letters there are accounts of the total want of confidence in those who ought to have set the first example of heroism and devotion to their country . By the letters of general Baird and general Moore , we find that spirit which was so supposed to be universal , and which to be successful must be persevering , had wholly subsided . Sir John Moore states , that he had heard of enthusiasm , but he had met with it no where—that the first reverses checked it , and that he had not been able to collect any grounds to justify the sanguine hopes which had been formed.—I have found it my duty on some former occasions , to state my feelings of the disadvantage aris- 126 ing from the want of a political correspondent as well as a military one , and I have heard no satisfactory reason for withholding that information I required . If the enthusiasm of the people of Spain , excited by their hatred towards the French , was what it has been described , nothing could be so necessary as that the government established there should give a direction to that spirit . Surely , it was of importance that political agents should have been sent to that country , to co-operate with its government ; but it has been remarked by my noble friend , ( lord Auckland ) that there seems to have been a disunion in the government upon this occasion , and while we have ample documents laid before us by the Secretary of State , the political correspondence of the Secretary for Foreign Affairs has been withheld , except some documents which it was impossible to withhold . We have Mr. Frere 's letter of Nov. 30 , in which he tells sir John Moore , that the parts of Spain through which the latter had passed were the least military , and represents the population of the plains of Leon and the two Castiles as neither capable nor disposed to resist the enemy.—I have called your lordship 's attention to this letter , because it shews by the admission of Mr. Frere that there was a deficiency in those means which were necessary to enable the people of Spain to defend themselves against the attacks of the armies of France . But