of the late Armistice in Portugal , signed at Vimiera on the 22d of August 1808 , in so far as the production of the same may not be prejudicial to his majesty 's service ; and also , copy of a Letter from lord viscount Castlereagh to lieut.-general sir Hew Dalrymple , in answer thereto , dated 10th Jan . 1809 . '' opposed the motion , on the ground that he had left it to the discretion of sir Hew Dalrymple , whether or not he would have those papers produced 103 at the Board of Inquiry , which he declined . He was not aware that any impression had been made on the public mind adverse to the officer in question , or that it would be of such importance to his character , as the right hon . gent . seemed to think , to have these papers made public . Of this he was certain , that every representation which could be favourable to sir Hew Dalrymple , had been laid before his majesty before the final decision . said , although he would not object to the motion , yet he could not help thinking it would not have any beneficial effect in justifying that disgraceful Convention , nor any of those connected with it . This general succeeded to the command of an army , equal if not superior to the French , in cavalry , in infantry , and in spirit . These were opposed to an army composed of bad materials , for the army of Junot , it must be recollected , were not like the army of Spain ; in short , it was such an army as might very likely have triumphed over the Portuguese , but not over the British forces . He should be sorry to hear any officer expressing himself as that right hon . gent , had done , for although he ( Mr. Yorke ) had been Secretary at War , he appeared to have a very different tinge of mind from any military person as to military transactions . Many officers had told him that a great and pernicious effect had been produced in Spain , in consequence of the previous Convention of Cintra ; and this he believed , as it could not be deemed honourable for any officer to go with the placard of Cintra about his neck . Never were there 28,000 men of a finer description than those employed under sir Hew Dalrymple , and yet we had nothing like the Convention of Cintra that stood in the annals of the British history . God forbid that we should ever look upon it in any other view than as most disgraceful ; for he would rather place his hand in the fire , than put it to such a Convention as that was . The letter called for had not been transmitted till eleven days after the Convention of Cintra , and he thought that the generals ought to be condemned for their delay in sending dispatches . generally differed from the hon . mover on the subject of the Convention of Cintra , which he did not consider as at all honourable or advantageous to the country . He often found it the case that where men very strenuously 104 upon all occasions stood up for the royal prerogative , they were very little interested in the honour of the country . ( This we understood to be the substance of the noble lord 's speech , but as he spoke in so low a tone we may not be completely correct . ) rose in some warmth to repel the insinuations of the noble lord ; he had held a seat in that house much longer than the noble lord , and was as warmly interested both for the country and constitution . He had been educated in the principles of the Old Whig School , and was as zealously attached to the interests of the people as the noble lord , or any of his ancestors . The motion was then put , and negatived