money . The great rule was to strike at the prominent and most flagrant points of offence . Amongst those , most certainly , was the proof of an express contract . These he would state , always impressed him with the conviction , that this species of traffic , whether carried on by implied or express covenants , was an offence against the law of parliament , and in his opinion punishable as a misdemeanor at common law . It was fully within the power of the house to provide any future enactments against any future offences , which in the course of the operation of this measure might subsequently arise . , with considerable diffidence in his own opinion , when opposed to the very high authority of the Speaker , still contended that the insertion of the term 'express ' in a declaratory act of parliament conveyed the interpretation , that the penalty attached to express agreements , and that all of an indirect or implied nature , came not within its operation . considered that the Resolutions of that house in 1779 bore fully upon a traffic carried on by an implied contract , and therefore he saw no reason to oppose the proposed clause as now worded . considered the Resolutions of 1779 not efficacious to redress an evil which all admitted to exist , at which the house itself connived and of which , with the circumstances known to all members , they would have been even greater hypocrites than Mr. John Bowles , when he wrote his books , to affect an ignorance . declared , that since he had first the honour of a seat in that house , he never heard a speech with greater pleasure than that of the right hon . the Speaker , whose authority stood so deservedly high in that house . He did think that the house 927 after that speech would have felt it its duty to take up the present measure with sincerity and zeal . That zeal and sincerity the ministers had evinced , by setting themselves in opposition to every wholesome provision of the bill . Upon a question which ought to be considered without any reference to party feelings ; the government of the country had exerted a most successful hostility . Upon them rested the responsibility of that disappointment which the country must feel.—By their conduct , they would in the ensuing summer , bring the character of that house before the tribunal of public meetings , in a manner which all disposed to venerate the character and support the dignity of parliament must regret . He declared , that if the clause now proposed remained so worded , he should be obliged to vote entirely against the bill . appealed to the honourable proposer of the bill ( Mr. Curwen ) whether he felt that ministers had endeavoured to defeat the object of the measure ? , without imputing any such intentions to government , still regretted that the most material points were negatived , and that the disposition of the home was not friendly to the principle of the measure . He conjured the government , in place of anticipating guards for themselves , to yield to the opinion of the country ; and not suffer it to think , that where its influence was to be affected there was nothing done . both argued , that the insertion of the term wholly vitiated and defeated the object of the proposed remedy . It was stated by the latter , that in no other legislative enactment such a term as `` express '' could be found . vindicated the conduct of his right hon . friend , during the progress of this bill , and gave his support to the clause as it then stood . spoke in favour of the amendment , which he thought necessary , to guard against impunity to those who gave or accepted bribes after election . He had several clauses to propose , which he should postpone bringing forward until the third reading . As to the grant of offices , the