understood by the house , that the wish that has been expressed in Ireland of an alteration in the system of Tithe , has not been the result of any party measures ; that this side of the house has had nothing to say to it ; and further , that it does not come particularly from the catholics of Ireland , but if from one body of men more than another , from those professing the established religion . Having said thus much , Sir , respecting the origin of these petitions and resolutions , I must now beg leave to recal to the memory or the house what took place respecting them in the last session . Conceiving that it would be most to the public advantage if his majesty 's ministers would take this business into their own hands , I waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer in order to propose to him this mode of proceed- 627 ing . He , I am bound to say , communicated his sentiments to me upon the subject , in the most candid and explicit manner , and informed me , as afterwards he also informed the house , that the subject had been under the consideration of his majesty 's ministers ; that it would so continue to be , and that he hoped to be able in this session to bring forward a measure to afford relief to the people of Ireland . The measure of which he gave me an outline was that of enabling incumbents to make leases to their parishioners of their Tithes for 21 years . It appears , however , by an answer given to me early this session by the right hon . gent . to a question which I put to him on the subject , that he is not now prepared to bring forward this measure . The business has , therefore , reverted to my hands , and under these circumstances , it has been for me to decide what course to pursue . If I proposed to the house , to refer the petitions on the table to a committee of the whole house , which I believe is the customary way of proceeding , no other advantage could have been derived from it than that of the discussion of the general subject , because I am sure there was no ground to calculate upon the consent of the right hon . gent. , or of a majority of this house to such a step ; and without it , no measure could have been the effect of the motion . If , however , I propose , as I intend to do , to move for leave to bring in a bill to enable incumbents to make leases for 21 years , I obtain the benefit of a general discussion of the subject of Tithes , and , at the same time , I propose a step to which I have good ground to expect the support of the right hon . gent. , and therefore I propose to the house what probably may lead to an effectual issue . But even if the right hon . gent . should not continue to be of the same opinion now as he was last year , as to the policy and practicability of this measure , I shall not accuse him of inconsistency , because that certainly was a qualified opinion ; but I am able to say that I am free from blame for bringing forward a measure without having good authority for my proceeding , and also to say , that the cause of those who are advocates for an alteration in the system of Tithes , have gained much ground by the sanction of the right hon . gent . 's admission , that an alteration might be made , to the extent which I propose , without danger to the church.—I am relieved from the necessity of anticipating and answering all that 628 I should have had to anticipate and answer , if I had not the protecting shield of the right