, or which he does not consider as being any thing to the purpose , that he does not signify in plain terms , that his rule is to 'serve those who serve him ; ' and from that moment does not transfer himself and all those whose votes he commands , to the other side , taking what is called the independent line , and exhibiting himself among the first bawlers against the corruptions of the great , 'who think of nothing but their own private interests ? ' Here at least is an instance of abuse , which while it begins with one of the people , ends there likewise , and does not touch the government or the parliament at all . And such , we may venture to say , is the case of nine-tenths , or rather ninety-nine hundredths of the abuses complained of . The whole country , it is said , is full of abuses , from top to bottom . I believe so : with this correction , that the description would be more just if we were to say from bottom so top ; it being here as in other media , the parts of which are left to move freely , that the lower strata are the denser and grosser , and that they become rarer and purer , the higher you ascend . We have already seen to what source may be traced the greater part of the abuse of patronage , an abuse , which with the others is to be cured , I suppose , by the favourite remedy , an extension of the representation , that is , by multiplying a hundred fold the chief causes to which it is to be at present ascribed . But if of this the far greater part is found to he in the people themselves , who can not otherwise be brought to support the very government which they thus reproach for yielding to their venality , what shall we say of those abuses , more properly so called , and upon which the people are much more intent , though they are really perhaps less important , viz . the various instances of fraud , embezzlement , peculation , and imposition , by which the expenditure of the country is swelled far beyond its natural size , and a million or two possibly taken from the pockets of the people , over and above what the real exigencies of the country require ? This is the part that we chiefly hear of ; and very proper it is that we should hear of it ; but let us take care that we impute the blame to the right quarter , that we put the saddle on the right horse . With what approach to truth or propriety do we speak of these abuses , as abuses in the government ? Who are the persons whom we mean to designate under the name of 761 Government ? What are the abuses complained of ? and by what description of persons are they committed ? Is it an abuse in the government , that is , in the members of the cabinet , and the persons holding high offices , including ; if you please the Parliament , that a store-keeper , or commissary in the West Indies , or in Ceylon , embezzles the public stores , or sends in false accounts , by which the public is defrauded ? Is it corruption in the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or in the ministry or parliament collectively , that gross frauds are daily and hourly practised on the revenue ; that the taxes are eluded ; that false returns are made ; that excise and custom-house officers are perpetually bribed to betray their trust ; that the tribes of officers , high and low , at home and abroad , of more denominations than can be enumerated , which an empire like this is obliged to employ in its service , are often more intent upon advancing their own fortunes , than upon discharging their duty or guarding the