which offended so far against the principle he wished to establish , that he would submit it to the house , whether or not they ought still to be considered as eligible to hold seats in parliament . considered this amendment of the hon . gent . as founded upon a most aristocratic principle ; it would throw the offices of the crown into the hands of those alone who could , from their property , very well dispense with their salaries . He opposed to the theory of the hon . gent . the constant practice of that house , and con- 879 tended that at all periods it proved the best bulwark of the liberties of the people , which plainly proved the fallacy of the argument that went to deny that it could be unduly influenced while officers of the crown had seats in parliament ; for officers of the crown had always sat in it . The exclusion of magistrates of all descriptions , in his opinion , might be as well demanded as that of the Welsh Judges ; for they never exercised their judicial functions except on circuit . He declared it his intention to give his utmost opposition to the amendment . could not think the true interests of the country were consulted in pensioning off every subordinate officer of government after serving the public two or three years . was of opinion that the Resolution of his hon . friend was most important in itself , and of the greatest moment to the constitution of the country . For his own part , he was inclined to the Amendment of his hon . friend , and if it was to be pushed to a division , should vote for it . But he wished to submit it to his hon . friend , whether it would not be desirable for him to adopt the same course respecting his Amendment which had been pursued with respect to the former Resolutions , namely , to suffer it to lie on the table for a few days , in order to allow gentlemen an opportunity of considering its contents . The question was one of great moment and delicacy , and required to be looked at gravely , with a due regard to the constitution of this empire . Nothing could be so hostile to the existence of union and tranquillity , as the division of the legislature into three estates , unless they were duly balanced : but the great perfection of the constitution of this country was , that no class of the community was excluded from its just share in the deliberations of the state.— Many bills had been passed with a view to prevent abuses ; but the present question , if any , deserved the peculiar attention of that house . If he were to be called on to give a vote on the present question , he would support the Amendment of his hon . friend , though he should be much better pleased , if his hon . friend would consent to put off the discussion of it for a few days , as had been done when the Resolutions were at first proposed , in order to give the house an opportunity of comparing the Amendment with those Resolutions . concurred in the suggestion of his right hon . friend , and recommended to the committee to defer the further consideration of the subject until both the Amendment and the original Resolution should be in the hands of gentlemen . contended , that as the navy , the army , the ordnance , the public debt , and every thing connected with the management of public affairs had considerably increased , so also must the influence of the crown have been proportionably extended . That influence could not but be communicated to a great number of members of parliament . It must have continued to work in secret and in silence , and it was the duty of that house to watch and counteract it . Having observed the progress of that influence , he was ready