subject which he has now at last brought under the consideration of the house , those feelings have by no means been awakened , either by the explanation which the hon . gent , has just given of the motives by which he has been actuated , or by the statement which he has submitted to the house in support of his proposition , If , in the first instance , I observed , with astonishment , a member of this house , one of the guardians of the public purse , and one too who professes to watch over the public expenditure with more than an ordinary degree of jealousy and anxiety , seek- 1106 ing an opportunity , not during the recess of parliament , but in the middle of a session , not in this house , but at a public meeting , stating that he could point out a plan by which eleven millions a year might be saved to the country ; that astonishment was , if possible , increased , when I saw the hon . gent , attending , day after day , in his place here without giving the house any intimation of the means by which this most desirable object might be effected . The hon . gent , could not be ignorant , that , on the one hand , such a declaration was calculated to make a strong impression out of doors ; that from the character of the meeting at which it was made , it would be disseminated through the public with a mischievous activity ; and on the other , that it was only in this house that the plan could be discussed with a view to any beneficial result , or that any practical measure could be taken for attaining its professed object ; and yet , Sir . the hon . gent , has just informed us , that it was not his intention to have brought forward any part of this notable scheme in the present session . In a tone , almost of anger and complaint , he tells you that he has been goaded and challenged by the frequent calls made upon him here ; that yielding to such importunity , and not to any sense of his public duty , he , on this last day of the session , condescends to point out the means of relieving the public from the pressure of the Property Tax . What , Sir , is the light in which the hon . gent , places his own conduct by his statement of this evening ? Two months ago he had ascertained , to the entire satisfaction , I presume , of his own mind , that a tax producing upwards of eleven millions a year could be taken off without any detriment to the public service ; he had , at that time , so completely matured the measures of reform by which this saving could be effected , as publicly to record his opinion : and to-night he tells you that it never was his intention , in this session to follow up that opinion by any proposition in this house ! In the view of the hon . gent. , then , the saving of eleven millions is a matter of such little moment , that the means of enacting it being delivered by him in his middle of one session , it consists with his sense of public duty , to postpone the application of those means till the next . But it also consists with this same sense of duty , in the mind of the hon . gent. , to send forth the assertion to the public , under such circumstances , and cou- 1107 pled such sentiments , as appeared to the meeting , where it was first uttered , best calculated to create an impression , that the blame of the continuance of this tax is solely to be ascribed to the corruption of this house . The blame , if blame there be , of not having investigated the hon . gent . 's