way , will not be of any real utility to her . If , however , ministers do advance any of that money to Austria , and can shew , upon another and a future occasion , that there was good reason to imagine advantage was likely to arise from it , even although Austria should ultimately be unsuccessful , I shall not be then disposed to blame them . As to the mode in which this money has been asked for by Austria , I must observe that I perfectly agree with my hon . friend ( Mr. Whit-bread ) in thinking it most extraordinary . At the same time I am bound to add , that his majesty 's ministers will be deeply responsible , if it should be found that any great encouragement had been held out by them to Austria , to induce her so confidently to rely upon our assistance , though it may perhaps be justified , when we consider the nature and character of that power against whom she is contending . When we are involved in the same struggle , I am not disposed to condemn ministers for not protesting those bills which Austria has lately drawn upon this country , but my firm opinion is , that Austria , in her present situation , is irretrievably ruined . I thought she would be reduced to that condition , before she drew the sword , and now when she has drawn it , I find no reason to alter that opinion . I am much afraid it is not now in the power of this country to avert that calamity . If it could have been done it was our duty to have done it . As that power has undoubtedly been our great stay upon the continent of Europe , our object should be to maintain her to the utmost , as the greatest continental power competent to contend with France , and maintain a balance in Europe ; but now it is too late , when we find that France is determined to seize the opportunity of a favourable moment to crush her , and render her incapable of further resistance.—With regard to Portugal and Spain , the case is quite otherwise . We have already so far engaged ourselves with those countries , 822 and have acted with them so long ; have given them so much encouragement , and are so bound by stipulation and alliance with themselves and their cause , that it is impossible to retract , or that any one can say that we ought not to leave the money at the discretion of ministers , to bestow upon those powers as it may be necessary ; and they shall think fit . Upon such an occasion as the present , it would be , perhaps , most discreet , to abstain from offering any opinion as to what may happen , or as to what may be most for the interest of this country in the proceedings of government ; but I can not , Sir , consistently with my own feelings , and the duty I owe to the country , refrain from hazarding one by way of caution , as to their future conduct . My opinion is , that the contest of Spain and Portugal will wholly fail of the wished-for success , and that the power of France will become as completely predominant in these countries , as it is over any other part of Europe . What , then , does this country require on the part of ministers ? It requires that they , as the government of the country , should , at a time when there is yet the means of doing it , take care to secure the insular and American possessions of Spain and Portugal , so as to place them out of the reach of France . When I say secure , I do not mean that this country should exercise any act of dominion over these possessions , or steal them as plunder arising from the wreck of the Spanish cause .