but it is obstinacy and madness to identify our existence with abuses which we can neither deny nor defend.—The measures , Mr. Speaker , which I have to submit to the house , are calculated to renovate , not to alter any thing in the existing establishment . I do not propose to dislodge one stone in the building ; but to examine whether through the lapse of time its foundation may not have need of reparation ; and to submit to your consideration , a mode of effecting that repara- 356 tion , which if much longer neglected will bring into danger the whole fabric . Before I explain my proposition , I would beg the indulgence of the house for a moment , whilst taking a rapid view of the circumstances under which former Reforms have been attempted . Nearly about the conclusion of the American war , Mr. Pitt made his first proposition.—The agriculture of the country was then depressed ; our commerce stagnant ; taxes augmented ; and all rational hope of success in the contest , vanished . An opposition the most respectable in character , talents , and weight of property , failing in every attempt to convince this house , appealed to the people : they succeeded in raising a general cry for Peace and Reform . By driving the minister from the helm , they obtained the former . Reform they would have obtained , had Mr. Pitt maintained his consistency . This house received his proposition with considerable favour . In the progress of time , however , the political horizon brightened ; our difficulties were removed ; and the minister , finding the facility with which he could govern on the old system , fled from his promises , and abandoned his former supporters . Unfortunate was it for his country , that he thus sacrificed his reputation ; and preferred place with corruption , to measures to which he was pledged , and which would have secured us from the present , and from future dangers ! —I pass over minor attempts which excited little sensation : the next serious effort was made by `` the Friends of the People . '' They sought to inspire the country with their own sentiments : but the moment was unpropitious : Reform was neither called for nor wished . The events in France had astounded , and created general alarm amongst all ranks of people . Mr. Pitt finding that he could not avoid discussing the question , or defend his apostacy , seized the moment to excite alarm , and adopted measures to avert supposed dangers , which , a short time previous to this association , he had treated with contempt . Great was the error of those gentlemen , and not less that of the opposion of the day , in not paying sufficient deference to the feelings of the people.—Speaking for myself at least , on a review of that period , I lament the warmth into which I was occasionally betrayed . The indiscretion of our zeal afforded opportunities to designing men to misrepresent our intentions . Here , Sir , may be found a strong example of the defect of political 357 wisdom ; in not attending to the temper and feelings of the people.—Contrasting former periods with the present , I think , Sir , I am borne out by the fact , in stating , that now , for the first time , the people call out for Reform , without instigation , and purely on their own persuasion of its necessity . Such a call ought not to he represented as delusion ; can not be expected to subside ; or be safely disregarded . Now , Sir , allow me to remark on the difference that lapse of time has occasioned between our present state , and that in which we were at either of the periods to which I have before particularly alluded . The power and influence of the crown have received considerable increase : our army , navy , system of taxation , and expenditure , are at