money 'so to be given ? Not without getting a 'Seat , as a remuneration for the Writership ; but it did not take place , & c.'—Now , connecting this part of Reding 's evidence with the others , which relate to that witness 's communications with the noble lord opposite , and with lord Clancarty , every man will be enabled to form his own conclusions.—But , Sir , I am now to introduce another person to your notice , who has been connected with this transaction , and I feel every reluctance in doing so , which can arise out of a just respect for rank . But it is necessary to the ends in view that the whole case should be exposed , and the person to whom I allude was no less than a peer of the realm . The house must be aware to whom I allude , and I am certain when they review the whole of the business , and those concerned in it , they can not be surprised that I ask what can avail alt our legislative provisions—what can avail such Bills as that recently brought forward by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to prevent the improper disposal of Offices—what can avail our Resolutions at the commencement of every sessions , to prevent the interposition of peers in the election of the members of this house ; or what can avail any further arrangements that may be devised upon this subject , if a transaction so flagrant in its nature as that to which your attention is now peculiarly directed , shall be suffered to pass with impunity ? 209 That attention , however , this transaction must have long occupied . I have not been the first to bring it before you : I have not put myself forward to make out a new case , but to call for your decision upon that which has been for some weeks the subject of general conversation , with which , indeed , the public are quite familiar , and naturally looking to this house for such a determination as it is intitled to expect—for such a decision as this house , if tenacious of its own reputation , should be prompt to pronounce . If such be not the result , how can the people regard your resolutions and enactments with proper deference ; how can you , consistently , inflict punishment upon the lower classes , who often under the pressure of necessity engage in this infamous traffic , if you will overlook the glaring delinquency of three noble lords , one of whom was a peer of the realm , and the other two high officers in the state ? —I do not affect to be ignorant of the various improper means by which several members contrive to find their way into this house . I beg pardon ; perhaps I am inaccurate in alluding to this house , as it is at present constituted . But I may allude to former houses ; and I can not be altogether unaware of the gross malpractices by which several men procured their introduction to them . No man acquainted with the world can be quite ignorant upon this subject . But sure I am , that if any person were to urge the notoriety of such misconduct as any plea for the transaction to which my motion refers—if he were to attempt to defend upon such grounds , such a corrupt and unconstitutional practice , he would be only wasting his own time and that of the house . No individual , indeed , would venture to put forward such a defence , unless he were disposed to appreciate the conduct of men , not by the standard of the constitution , but by the existence and extent of its corruptions . I can not suffer myself to suppose that such a feeling prevails in this house . If it does , I can of course have no reason to calculate upon the adoption of my motion.—I am not insensible of the situation in which an individual is