passed , upon the strong assurance that under the increased salaries , no such acts should take place for the future : or if they did , that they should be instantly followed by dismissal and the severest penalties . What would 963 be the obvious consequence of rejecting this clause ? Why , that these men would be placed in the power of those very brewers and distillers , at whose frauds they had heretofore been induced by bribery to connive , and who might again drive them to new connivances and frauds by the threats of prosecutions , fines , and penalties for former acts , the proofs of which were in their power , and thus render the bill nugatory , and expose the revenue to a repetition of all those frauds it was intended to prevent . expressed his astonishment , that a British house of commons should be called upon to pass such a clause ; but he was still more astonished at the motives for it urged by the right hon . gent. , namely , the universality of the offence in every department of the revenue of Ireland ; but , most of all , at the circumstance of continuing in their places , and remunerating by advance of salaries , the very officers who , in breach of their trusts and of their oaths , had been one and all , avowedly and for a series of years , defrauding the revenue , and combining and colluding with others to defraud it . Was there no possibility of finding any other men in Ireland with honesty and ability enough to fill the place of these men ? If such a fact were possible , but which he could not believe , then there should be men sought in some other part of the united empire . explained , by saying , that these frauds were not . chargeable on all the branches of the revenue , but merely on the excise ; that the act of 1806 limited the time of prosecution for all crimes designated there , to three months after the fact ; that the indemnity proposed by this bill came down no lower than January 1808 ; and that for all such offences since committed , the parties would still be liable to a prosecution . was astonished at the introduction of the clause before that house , so contrary as it was to every principle which a British parliament had been used to respect and maintain . He regretted that it should have the support of his right hon . friend the English Chancellor of the Exchequer , and begged to ask what the house would think if such a clause were proposed in that house , to indemnify and protect the excise officers of this country , if it was known that they had entered into combinations to defraud the revenue ? These latter would have 964 been instantly dismissed to a man , and others found to fill their places . He was surprized to hear from the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland , that persons who had been guilty of these frauds , were not only retained in their situations , but even their salaries had been raised , in the hope of securing their honesty and fidelity for the future . This he conceived to be a project totally hopeless ; and he should have preferred , for the public advantage , their instantaneous dismissal , and the filling up their places with other men , however simple or moderate their abilities , against whom at least government had no experience of their dishonesty , to the continuance of men whose crimes for a series of years were avowed and even vindicated , and sanctioned by those whose peculiar duty it was to watch over the revenues of Ireland . Of the affairs of that country he was sorry to say , that the more they were investigated the more loudly they seemed to call for the correcting hand of that house . It was not wonderful that the people murmured at the