, that Mr. Frere had written to sir J. Moore on the 23d of November , advising him to advance with his army . In answer to this letter of Mr. Frere 's , sir J. Moore writes `` I last night received a letter from the Supreme Junta . I have commanded sir David Baird to march back to Astorga , and have stopped the preparations for retreating . '' And this , it appeared , had been done at a period when there could , in fact , be no prospect of the British army being able to exert itself with effect . At this juncture , two persons ( Thomas de Morla and the duke del Castell Franco ) calling themselves the Supreme Junta , wrote a letter to sir J. Moore , dated the 1st of December , in which they stated , that they were much threatened by the enemy , that Castanos , with 25,000 men , and another army of 10,000 were falling back , and that they hoped he ( sir John Moore ) would fall back , and unite with their force . It had since appeared , that on the very day on which that letter was written , Morla had an interview with the French commanders ; three days after from his conduct it should appear he considered all resistance as useless , and on the 5th ( the day on which sir John Moore received the letter ) the French were in quiet possession of Madrid . If it 263 had been the wish of Morla to decoy the British army into the power of the French , he could not have wished for an instrument more likely to forward his wishes than the letter which had been written to sir John Moore by Mr. Frere . And the subsequent conduct of Morla was such as to justify a suspicion that that was the fact . The situation of sir John Moore at that period was truly distressing : he found himself at the head of a British army in a foreign country , placed in such circumstances ( though no fault of his ) that he could not be cheered with any reasonable prospect of success He knew the extravagant notions of Spanish enthusiasm that at that time so generally pervaded this country , and was aware of the censure he must , in all probability , incur if he consulted the safety of his army , by quitting the country without making any further effort in the cause . Yet happily superior to all these afflicting reflections , the gallant general determined to brave the transient obloquy that menaced him , by preserving his men . To this resolve we might attribute his avoiding the snare ; but though the whole of his army were not decoyed into the power of the French , the disastrous battle of Corunna might be ascribed to the circumstances he had spoken of . The right hon . Secretary opposite certainly could not mean to say , at a time when Mr. Frere was so confident of the success of the Spanish cause , when he was so confident in the soundness of his own judgment , that , he in a manner superseded the commanding officer , in a case which involved the fate of the finest body of troops that had ever sailed from England , that he never wrote in explanation of his conduct ; it could not be supposed that he had failed to communicate to government his reasons for acting as he did , and if such an explanation had been transmitted , it was highly proper that it should be produced . The hon . gent . concluded by moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , a copy of the Letter from the Junta at Madrid , referred to by lieut.-gen sir John Moore in his letter to the right hon . John Hookham Frere , dated Salamanca , 6th December