who could dedicate their time to the attainment of local influence and favour . The question then comes to this ; was it proper to have appointed a person under the circumstances of this case to the situation proposed , subject to the qualifications I have mentioned , supposing the transaction , instead of existing only in the imagination , to have been carried into execution ? Even the crime of treason requires an overt act to constitute the offence and maintain the charge ; and surely it is not too much for me to expect to receive the benefit of such a principle . I consider it a duty imposed upon me as a minister not to accept of any defence which might be injurious to the public ; I therefore will accept of none such ; but can it be supposed for a moment , that I intended to influence elections corruptly by means of this appointment ? Standing in my situation as minister of the crown , I had a right , I contend , to exercise that fair in- 223 fluence which my situation gave me , to support the government with which I was connected , of which I was a member . I had a right to give those who would support that government , upon independent principles , every assistance which my situation allowed , but not so as to interfere with the freedom of election by unduly influencing the conduct of individual voters . I am convinced , that no man in this house , nor any committee which may be appointed by this house , would or could say , that conduct , such as that imputed to me , went so far to the corruption of a vote , as to invalidate an election . The transaction itself , as it turned out , I can not undoubtedly justify to the full extent , but I must be allowed to say , that no moral corruption has been proved against me . Indeed , if I could have had any corrupt views , this was a case , in which , of all others , I should not have acted upon them . It was a case , which , from its very nature , precluded secrecy . This is as plain as any thing I can say—as plain as that the marquis of Sligo had no seat in this house to dispose of—as plain as that he had not seen Mr. Reding at Downing street . It must be obvious , therefore , that , with any corrupt object in view , I should have avoided this case , which never once existed , which was merely imaginary , which was a perfect romance , as perfect a one as my playing cards with Mr. Reding , to which charge , if to any other , I could undertake to prove an alibi . For suppose lord Clancarty was returned to parliament , and it appeared that I had given the son , or nephew of the person through whom his seat may have been obtained , a writership , would not the transaction be instantly exposed ? If I acted hastily upon this subject , it was not from any turpitude ; it did not proceed from any dishonest or dishonourable motive , as is evident from the nature of the case , which could not be kept a secret . With respect to the case being never acted on , I disdain any defence drawn from that consideration ; for if the corrupt intention is proved , it makes little difference whether it was executed , or not . But it is possible that in my communications with lord Clancarty , before the business could be accomplished , I might see reason to influence me to retract ; it was competent to me to withdraw , if I saw cause for so doing ; and if I received any intimation with respect to Reding 's character , I must and would have retracted . I hope that no one will think 224 me mad enough to relinquish