to the house for fresh and more extensive powers . The same cause prevented the Committee from reporting upon other transactions which had been brought before them , though the evidence had been printed , and given rise to much surprise on the part of many persons whose names were inserted in the evidence . The Committee , when it found that no corrup- 243 tion was to be traced to any Director or other party , closed the case there , and did not think themselves authorized to go into the private parts of such cases ; and , as they could not suppress any part of the evidence , hence it was that the names he alluded to appeared in the minutes . It was matter of sincere regret , that in times like the present , there should be in this country a busy and active class of men , who took every opportunity to vilify every thing that was high , and to degrade all that wa3 eminent in rank in the country . He was sorry to see that this Report had been used for that purpose . He had seen the evidence garbled , maliciously garbled , with a view to vilify the members of the royal family . He had seen the evidence of Mr. Fuller respecting a negociation for a Writership , which was said to be expected to be procured through the Duke of Cambridge , given so far as it could tend to make an impression , as if that royal personage had been concerned in these transactions , but leaving out altogether the declaration of Mr. Fuller , that he was thoroughly convinced his royal highness knew nothing of the circumstance.—The hon . gent . then proceeded to observe upon a similar mutilation of the evidence in a case in which the first subject in the realm was said to be concerned , and expressed his opinion that the house ought to set a strong mark upon this attempt to degrade and vilify all that was eminent in the state . The hon . member then commented upon the circumstances , under which the names of two members of that house , and of the marquis of Sligo , had been introduced into the Minutes ; and accounted for the insertion of their names on the ground , that , though it appeared they had not been parties to any improper transaction , yet , as their names had been mentioned in the course of the progress of the inquiry , the Committee did not consider themselves at liberty to omit any part of the Evidence . It would be most agreeable to him if he could either agree to the Resolutions of the noble lord , or be contented with the course proposed on the other side . He thought the punishment which the former would inflict was inadequate to the offence , and greatly disproportioned to the case ; and the latter would not be sufficient for the dignity of that house , if they should pass to the other orders of the day from a charge where the facts were proved upon such incontrovertible evidence . He agreed with the whole of the speech of 244 his right hon . friend , and contended that upon every principle of law a distinction should be taken between an offence existing only in intention and an offence actually completed . If the first Resolution , therefore , should be amended by the introduction of the proper qualifications , it should have his support , and then he should propose to add a Resolution , `` That it was the duty of that house to be jealous of its independence , but at the same time that if appeared that the said negociation rested merely in intention , and had not been completed ; and that , therefore , that house did not think it necessary to direct any penal proceedings . '' This was what struck him as the most eligible course to be pursued , and he should therefore move this Resolution , if the noble lord