to correct any defects which might appear in the system of its government , and also to investigate the cause of the events which had recently took place in that colony . Those events could not be ascribed to any degree of inattention on the part of ministers , who , as soon as the necessary information should be received from the colony , would take care that such measures should be adopted as circumstances should appear to require . bore testimony to the discretion , firmness , and judgment of the officer alluded to by the noble lord , than whom a more eligible person could not have been selected for the purpose . Indeed it came within his knowledge , that this officer was previously quite unknown to the noble lord , and selected only in consequence of his fitness for the appointment . The hon . gent , also testified to the qualifications of Mr. Graham , who would , he had no doubt , introduce every practicable improvement into the system of the hulks . hoped the house would feel itself pledged to consider this subject , and particularly how far the experiment of transportation upon our criminal law had been successful . moved the order of the day , for resuming the adjourned debate , on the bill for the prevention of the sale of Seats in parliament.—The Speaker explained , that the question was , that he do now leave the chair . rose and spoke as follows : —Sir , I have always thought the subject now under consideration to be at any time of the greatest importance to this country . I think it to be particularly so at a period such as the present . I have always been anxious that Reform should originate in this house ; considering , that within these walls it could best be effected , and with the best and most happy consequences . I have ever been anxious , that we should afford no pretext for complaint against us , to those without doors ; and for this purpose I have supported measures which seemed likely to produce so desirable an object , by giving full effect to the spirit of the Grenville Act . To make regulations for the direction of its conduct , or the reform of its defects , is a privilege which this house constitutionally possesses , and which it has often beneficially exercised . I need only refer to the recent case of Aylesbury , in which this house asserted its own dignity , in which the members of this house shewed themselves worthy of being the protectors and representatives of a great people , by proving that this house is ever eager to apply a remedy to the abuses that appear before it . I conceive the present measure to be of the same nature , or nearly so with that , only this is intended as a means of preventing the recurrence of those evils in future , rather than of punishing or remedying the past . In that case , such was the corruption proved by the evidence before our committee to have existed , that the votes of the electors were openly bought and 718 sold , as in a market ; and therefore this house applied the remedy , by disfranchising all those voters so convicted , and calling others , their neighbours from the adjacent districts , to supply their places as electors . Sir , upon the present occasion , I must differ entirely from my right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , when he says he objects to the measure , under the apprehension that we may be led to go too far . I am sure a call will never be made on this house to take any step that may endanger the constitution . I am sure if such a call were to be made , it would and ought to be resisted . I am sure if a cry was attempted to be raised among the people , for the purpose of overawing the parliament , they