proceeding to carry the principle of these Resolutions into execution . The Resolutions of his hon . friend had his full concurrence ; and it gave him satisfaction to see the manner in which they had been met by the house . The motion of his hon . and learned friend only went to follow up the regulations which had been acted on since the year 1782 , by which all the public offices had been regulated , and a diminution of one half of the objectionable expences had been accomplished . He stated this to shew that the present was no new theory . Out of an expenditure of 80 millions annually , it was to be expected that excesses and abuses would spring . But any sum , however , if given away without any justifiable ground , was an evil that called for remedy ; and every increase of influence on the part of the crown , obtained by such means , at however small an expence , could not be too much guarded against by parliament . The public had a right also , he contended , to be made acquainted with the application of the public money , and to be convinced that every effort was made on the part of that house to prevent unnecessary expence . This species of expence , too , had a constant tendency to increase , which made it more the duty of that house to check , and keep it within due bounds . He did not believe it to be the intention of his hon . friend to hurry the measure , but should the house adopt the Resolutions , it would be for them to consider whether they would pass the bills during the present session , or delay acting on them till next session . For his own part , however , he saw no good to be derived from delay , and thought the house could not do better than carry the regulations proposed into effect , with as little loss of time as possible . was satisfied there could be but one sentiment in the house on such a subject . Whether the Resolutions proposed by the hon . and learned gentleman were carried through the house , in the form of Bills , however , during the present session , could not , he conceived be of great importance . The entering them on the Journals as Resolutions of the house would 430 have the same effect , as it was not to be supposed that any minister would take upon him to act in opposition to such a declaration of the opinion of the house . Before he should set down he begged to correct a mis-statement with regard to the four and a half per cent . duty . On an average for ten years it had been found to produce 20,000l . per annum , and was charged with 28,000l . per ann . to the Duke of Gloucester . In order to relieve this fund from so great an overcharge , his royal highness 's allowance had been removed to the Consolidated fund ; but the 4½ per cent . duty was not in consequence applied to the uses of the crown . He noticed the difference between the gross and nett statements of salary , & c. A relation of his held an office estimated at 2,400l . per annum while in fact it netted no more than 400l . the 2,000l . being paid for stamps , & c. He concluded by thanking the hon . and learned gent , for the motion he had submitted to the house . said , he did not rise to object to the Resolutions of his hon . and learned friend , but to claim to himself the right of going beyond them on a future occasion by other resolutions of his own . His hon . and learned friend had been much too tender upon the subject of the 4½ per cent . toward Inland duties , considering them as private property of the crown , and disposable