the augmentation . expressed in strong terms his approbation of the measure , and observed , that it was highly honourable in his right hon . friend to have attended to this subject , amidst such a variety of avocations . Many of the inferior clergy suffered the most extreme hardships , and the vote was equally gratifying to the feelings and to the judgment . He then adverted to the scandalous fact that in many places , particularly in the large towns , the poorer classes had not the means of attending public worship . Some remedy ought to be applied , and for this purpose , he thought the building of churches ought to be facilitated . The expense and other circumstances formed at present very powerful obstacles . concurred in the object of assisting the parochial clergy , and looked with satisfaction to what had been done by a bill which he himself had some time ago brought in for relieving the small livings from the land tax . He wished that a plan could be devised to confine the relief to such small livings as were not possessed by rich pluralists . He also suggested the propriety of making queen Anne 's Bounty effective in Ireland . approved of the measure , and concurred in what had fallen from the hon . gent , near him respecting the want of 922 accommodation in churches for the poorer classes . He thought some attention ought to be paid to the condition of schoolmasters , and referred to the northern parts of the island , as an instance of the advantages of educating the poor . After some observations from sir J. Newport , Mr. D. Browne , Mr. Parnell , Mr. Thompson , Mr. Babington , and Mr. Carew , rose , and expressed his satisfaction at the reception which the proposition met with . It was not at present proposed to form a system . The suggestions for improvement would be afterwards considered . He stated that the present grant , if continued , would in four years raise the value of the lowest livings to 50l . a-year . The resolution was unanimously agreed to . then stated to the committee , that the next grant he had to propose , was , a remuneration to the reverend Dr. Cartwright , for his valuable invention of machinery for weaving of cotton and combing of weel . This he did , in consequence of a memorial that had been presented to him , signed by about 30 manufacturers , who had witnessed the benefit of the machine . This memorial stated , that that reverend gentleman had expended a large fortune in carrying the invention into practice ; that in the year 1788 , he had obtained a patent , but that in 1792 , popular prejudice was so greatly against it , that his machinery was destined by the mob , and before he could get another mill erected , his patent expired , by which he lost the whole benefit arising from his labours , after having expended between 30,000l . and 40,000l . It was an invention which had been found most useful in the manufacture of sail-cloth for the service of the navy , and extremely beneficial in the weaving of cotton ; and for which not only the manufacturers , but the country in general , must feel themselves ever indebted to Dr. Cartwright . As the ingenious inventor had evidently derived no advantage from the discovery , which , on the contrary , had tended to his ruin , he should propose to the Committee , That a sum , not exceeding 10,000l . be granted to his majesty , to be paid to Edmund Cartwright , clerk , doctor in divinity , in compensation for the great expence he has incurred in the discovery and application of various mechanical inventions to 923 the process of Weaving , by which he has rendered essential services to the manufactures of this country ; and that the said sum be issued and paid without any lee or other deduction whatsoever . ''