bar , the Speaker told him that sir Charles Hamilton having informed the house of his having arrested him , he ( Butler ) would state what he had to offer in his defence for having so done . The man making no answer , and having a paper in his hand , the Speaker asked him , what paper that was he held in his hand ? He answered , He could not read.—Q . Did he know the contents ? A. Yes.—Q . What where the contents ? —Not answering , he was asked ; did he write it 33 himself ? A. No.—Q . Did he dictate it ? A . No . moved that he should withdraw ; which having done , he moved that Butler be examined as to the statement made by sir C. Hamilton . Being called in , the Speaker asked him , `` If when he arrested sir C. Hamilton , that gentleman did not endeavour to satisfy him he was not the person whom Butler came to arrest ? He answered , Yes.—He was ordered to withdraw . said , he believed the house could have no doubt of this being a gross breach of privilege . The hon . baronet had evinced a most patient and forbearing spirit , and as the man had not attempted to palliate his offence by the slightest apology , he moved , `` That the said Daniel Butler having arrested and insulted the said sir Charles Hamilton , as stated in the said complaint , is guilty of a high breach of the privileges of this house . `` —Which was agreed to nam . con . He then moved , `` That Daniel Butler , for the said offence , be committed to Newgate. '' —Ordered . observed , that all persons interested in our West India colonies , must naturally be anxious to obtain the information , which he had no doubt of his right hon . friend 's inclination to take the earliest opportunity of affording , with regard to Martinique . He therefore requested to know whether any , and what engagements had been entered into upon the capitulation of that island , relative to the importation of its produce into this country , and also , if that business was left open , whether it was the intention of government to allow the produce of Martinique to be imported here upon the same footing as the produce of our own colonies , or if not , upon what terms ? stated in reply , that the Gazette contained all the engagements entered into upon the capitulation of Martinique . But he had further to inform his hon . friend , that our commanders had received a peremptory order not to enter into engagements upon the subject referred to by him , and it was therefore left perfectly open . He had no difficulty in adding , that it was not the intention of government that any part of the produce of Martinique should be admitted into this country for home consumption , but merely for the purpose of exportation . rose , pursuant to the notice , which in his opinion he had been called upon very unnecessarily to give upon this subject , to make his promised motion . But yet he had complied with the request of a notice , as the hon . gentlemen on the other side appeared to be so ignorant of the case . At this ignorance however , he confessed himself extremely surprized , because he thought it impossible for any man to see the land upon which colonel Gordon 's house was preparing to be built , or to have any idea of its situation contiguous to Chelsea hospital , and particularly to the infirmary , without being convinced that such a building should not be permitted , and that the whole bargain which gave that officer possession of this ground , ought to be revoked . It was impossible for any man to give an accurate idea of the state of this land , as it depended so much