such as a member could support ; and next , that it was practicable . As far as he could judge from the statement of his hon . friend , he forked upon the measure he proposed not only as right and practicable , but not likely to produce any of the dangers apprehended by his right hon . friend . It would be impossible , however , to give an unlimited pledge until the measure should be before the house , and they could have an opportunity of examining 375 it in all its bearings . He agreed that it was particularly desirable for the members of that house , and most especially for those on the side on which he sat , not to give rise to any expectations on the part of the people , which there was no prospect of realizing . They should never resort to those base and detestable arts , by which such expectations were encouraged , when the persons exciting them must be sensible that they could never be gratified . begged to apologize to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) for having interrupted him , which had arisen from the state to which his feelings had been excited , by observing an hon . member the third from him , interrupt him , whilst speaking so nobly to the subject . He could assure the Speaker on the honour of a gentleman , and his family had been for two centuries as honourable as any others in the kingdom , that he had not meant any disrespect to him . On the contrary , he had ever supported him , even against the miserable fellows who sometimes wrangled with him , ( loud cries of `` Question , question , '' and laughter ) . Well , he would come to the question . With regard to this same swearing , it was much beyond his comprehension , and so totally out of his way ( loud laughter ) that he would have nothing at all to say to it ; and so he would leave them . ( The hon . member then took his hat , made his bow to the Speaker , and walked out ) . disapproved of the measure , because it would have the effect of excluding a great portion of the wisdom and talents it possessed from that house . If the bill passed , it would not satisfy the persons at the Crown and Anchor that their charges of bribery and corruption were not well founded . The bill could not lead to any beneficial result , and in opposing it he trusted that he should not be considered as more a friend to corruption than any other hon . member . The bill he thought could not be rejected too soon . was of opinion that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) had unnecessarily blended this measure with Parliamentary Reform . Me was pleased with the candid manner in which the proposition had been received by his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , when he admitted that the bill might be entertained . Many of the topics which had been introduced during 376 the discussion he was determmed to lay out of his consideration , as it was enough for him to look at the measure as it was presented to him . He was not to take it upon the grounds even of the hon . gent . who brought it forward . The measure , in his mind , would be productive of benefit , though he was not sanguine enough to expect that it would be attended with all the good consequences expected by the hon . mover . From the long examination which that house had lately been unfortunately engaged in , ( not unfortunately , considering the importance of the subject , but unfortunately , as must appear to all those who wished well to the good government of this country , ) it had gone abroad that that house and the present times