to pick up your scattered limbs , and unite them to our empire . `` —This was the language which , in conformity to the practice of nations , and in conformity to the principles of justice , might have been held towards Spain ; but fortunately for the credit , and for the real interest of this country , other sentiments prevailed . In adopting the universal feeling of the nation , the British government shared in 470 that universal feeling of the nation , and having once acted upon the principles of liberality and sound enlightened policy , it was indispensible that their conduct should be tried throughout upon the same principles . But suppose the noble lord were to answer `` Yes ; I allow that you ought not to have done any thing violently to hurt the feelings of the Spanish nation ; but I contend that you ought to hare made by effectual and urgent representations , such an impression on the Spanish government as would have induced them to permit you to do that which your mutual interests required . '' In the first place , what was or might be the ultimate interest of both countries on this point could not yet be said to be determined . The period had not arrived for the British government to call for an examination into the conduct of the war ; —to decide whether or not they had acted wisely , and brought the great contest in which they had engaged to a happy termination . When that time should come , and the whole of the conduct of his majesty 's government should be before parliament and the public , he trusted she result would prove , that they had , in the whole of their measures , wisely consulted the real interest of their country . It was material to distinguish the period , when a government , having terminated a course of operations , laid its conduct open before parliament , and called for a decision upon it , from the period when it was attempted to obtain a forestalled decision upon its conduct at what might almost be called the commencement of its course of operations . It could not be expected that a government should be enabled , to use the words of Addison , `` To crowd an Iliad into one campaign . '' It was a statement founded upon parliamentary principle and usage , that a case voluntarily offered for examination must be differently considered from a case the premature examination of which was demanded . The noble lord , however , fixing himself particularly on this subject of Ferrol , had quoted dates without any due observance of places . He had stated it to be absurd , that while the fleet was not secured from the French at Ferrol , at that very time a treaty was signing in London for keeping them out of the power of the French . The same confusion of time and place prevailed throughout the whole of the noble lord 's speech . The noble lord had asked , why his noble friend had on the 14th of November written instructions 471 to general Moore to take the course which be in fact had determined to take , and on the identical day actually adopted ? This certainly was not prescience on the part of his noble friend , because it was a knowledge of something contemporaneous ; but surely it was no impeachment of the discernment of a government , that it provided at home for that which at the very same instant was taking place abroad . When the noble lord had given his notice of the present motion , he had promised that a great part of his industry and eloquence should be employed on the treaty concluded between Great Britain and Spain ; on which treaty , however , the noble lord had contented himself with making a single observation . This observation proceeded on the principle that the noble lord condemned the provisions being only for probable and contingent cases . But it should be