the state , and that these abuses were proceeding to a great extent . On these grounds he was of opinion , that the house was called on to institute an Inquiry into these points , and to see that the abuses were remedied wherever they should be found to exist . He therefore moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the existence of any corrupt practices with regard to the disposal of Offices in any department of the state , or any agreement , negociation , or bargain , direct or indirect , for the sale thereof ; and of any corrupt practices relative to the purchase and sale of Commissions in the Army ; and also , to examine into the terms on which Letters of Service have been granted for raising men for the Army by way of Levies , and the manner in which the said Levies have been conducted ; and to report the same , as it shall appear to them , to the house , together with their observations thereupon ; and that the said Committee have power to report the Minutes of Evidence taken before them , and their proceedings , from time to time , to the house . '' said , be could not allow the present motion to be put without declaring his opinion that it was by no means advisable for the house to agree to it . The noble lord grounded his motion on the Evidence brought before the Committee appointed to inquire into the Conduct of the Duke of York , on these two grounds , that by farther inquiry other individuals might be found out who might be brought to censure or punishment ; and that such inquiry would prevent the recurrence of similar abuses in time to come . The noble lord seemed to think a general inquiry necessary without any specific grounds of charge being assigned . Now , he was of opinion , that such inquiry could not go to an investigation into the conduct of every individual who might have by chance been concerned in the disposal of any offices . There might be a variety of instances in which persons might have erected themselves into a sort of agency concern , misrepresenting themselves to be authorised by this person and the other who had power to dispose of offices , while with such persons they had no concern ; and in this manner might procure money under the pretence of using their interest with the person who had the actual power of disposing of the office in question , while of this proceeding the person having the gift of the office was utterly ignorant . It might also happen , that the person who had the power of disposing of an office might , as in the case of Mr. Thellussen , give it to a near relation or friend in whom he had confidence , but which might be abused . If the Committee were to institute inquiries of this kind , they would be investigating what they had no right to punish . Any farther inquiry , therefore , he submitted , was not desirable . He asked , was it convenient or politic to set on foot an inquiry into all abuses that might or might , not have happened , for the sake of keeping the public mind in a ferment ? ( A laugh . ) Gentlemen might , laugh . He was satisfied that there were , on the other side , gentlemen who would not agree with , him in this opinion . He believed that these gentlemen , from no improper feeling whatever , were of opinion that nothing was to be apprehended from the keeping alive this spirit among the people . He therefore was not surprised that they should differ from him . But , he had stated what he believed , that there was no reason to suppose that there were such abuses to be detected as those which the noble lord 51 suspected , and he submitted it to the feeling of the house