most necessary step of placing them under the command of one general , and that they were all separated , and the several corps inferior to the divisions opposed to them by the French . Such was the account which lord W. Bentinck gave , and it was confirmed by that of general Broderick . There was , therefore , no one account in which ministers could plead even the miserable and lame excuse of having been deceived by those whom they employed . But notwithstanding the warning which had been given by Buonaparté of his intentions respecting Spain in the early part of September , and though the British army had been completely released in Portugal , it was not till the 26th of September , that lord Castlereagh wrote to sir Hew Dalrymple to prepare the army to advance into Spain , or to sir John Moore to place himself at its head . On the 28th , orders were sent to sir David Baird to proceed from an English port to Corunna . Yet it was not till the 14th of October ( the day after he arrived there ) that lord W. Bentinck , at 445 Madrid , was made acquainted by a courier from sir John Moore , with the circumstance of its being the intention of government to send sir David Band to Corunna . General Leith , it appeared , received orders about the same time to prepare for the reception of the British force at Corunna , but to make his preparations as secretly as possible . What could have been the meaning of such an injunction ? Was the noble Secretary afraid of rousing the Spaniards or gratifying their feelings by rendering notorious the arrival of a large auxiliary force . He wished perhaps to `` Do good by stealth , and blush 'd to find it fame . '' It did not please the noble Secretary previously to apprize the Spanish people of the blessings he intended for them , but suddenly to surprize them with his kindness . His kindness , however , was very incomplete . For , lest the combination of errors , incapacity , and mis-management , should not be carried to its fullest extent ; cavalry , that arm upon which the result of the whole campaign was to depend ; cavalry , which every commanding officer they had employed , and every Spanish officer that applied to them , had called for ; cavalry , which lord William Bentinck , general Broderick , the Spanish Deputies , sir J. Moore , and that other great military authority Mr. Frere , thought most essential ; cavalry was the very last thing that ministers thought proper to turn their attention to . Although they found sir John Moore saying , that with 7,000 or 8,000 cavalry , he could have done much in that country effectually to withstand the enemy ; yet the noble lord opposite writes to him , that it would be time enough to send cavalry when he had sent the transports back from the Tagus to Great Britain , and that , too , at that time of the year when such a voyage was likely to be protracted by an inconvenient season . One would have thought that ministers would have been most anxious to shew an activity in the conveyance of cavalry beyond all other species of force ; because it must be in the recollection of the house , that when the noble lord came into office , he made a charge against former ministers , for not having prepared cavalry transports . But the noble lord , who was so anxious to burthen the country for the multiplication of cavalry transports , when unnecessary , could find none , when the public service called for them . No doubt the noble Secretary could say a great deal upon this 446 subject , as to the expence , amount of tonnage , & c. and had his pockets stuffed with calculations of that description . But the arrangements of his majesty 's ministers had been of a piece and