of our duty than the growth `` of peculation ; and that so far from ren- '' dering to Cæsar the things which are `` Cæsar 's , every person must be shocked `` at the gross defalcations which every 320 `` where come within their view . '' Again : `` Nothing can without a sense of religious `` duties get the better of temptation . '' There must indeed have been something about this Mr. Bowles , but surely it could not be a sense of moral or religious duties , which rendered him not proof against temptation . It was clear that this gentleman , whatever might be the case of the other Commissioners , was at least not ignorant of the public duties imposed upon him by his situation . The right hon . gent . submitted , that the house could not pass over this business , without leaving some trace on their Journals of the sense they entertained of so gross and scandalous a transaction . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; I am aware , Sir , that I am about to volunteer upon a most arduous service , for I really rise with the view of offering a few words in behalf of that arch Anti Jacobin , Mr. John Bowles . In so doing , it is right I should premise that I can be influenced by no consideration of a personal nature ; for my acquaintance with Mr. Bowles is so slight , that I never was in his house , nor he in mine : but I am influenced by those feelings , of which every man of a liberal mind must partake , when he hears such outrageous abuse lavished on a person who is not present to defend himself . This abuse has come with the worst grace imaginable from the hon . gentleman who has most indulged in it ; for , if party zeal and party spirit be a sin , he may well exclaim with Falstaff , `` Lord help the wicked . '' The hon . gentleman kept his temper perfectly well till he touched upon the 30 pamphlets which he attributes to the pen of Mr. Bowles ; but at the mention of these pamphlets all his wrath was awakened , and I am justified in presuming that he means to visit the sins of the pamphleteer upon the head of the Dutch Commissioner . I maintain , Sir , that Mr. Bowles has as much right to publish his sentiments on any political topics , or on the public conduct of any public men , as the hon . gentleman himself . If the hon . gentleman disapproved the sentiments contained in those pamphlets , he was at liberty to answer them . Nay , for what I know , he may have answered them , for he also is a pamphleteer ; and this perhaps , accounts for the extraordinary asperity in which he has indulged against Mr. Bowles , for two of a trade , they say , can never agree . Wits are gamecocks to one another ; and the hon . gent . 321 has really crowed most outrageously loud , considering that his antagonist was not within hearing . He accuses Mr. Bowles of having invaded the silent retreats of the dead , in his reflections upon the character of the late Duke of Bedford . I am no friend , Sir , to reflections either upon the dead , or the absent , but I must observe to the hon . gentleman , that he was at the same moment committing that very fault of which he accused Mr. Bowles . He , too , invaded the silent retreats of the dead ; and calumniated the memory of Mr. Pitt , when he charged him with having appointed Mr. Bowies one of the Dutch Commissioner , as a reward for his having written these 30 political pamphlets . No grosser anacronism , Sir , was ever committed by a man who suffers his resentment to get the better of his reflection ; for a