upon the manner of the noble baron in making his remarks , slated the reasons for the delay proposed . When he advised the nomination that took place , he was acting in the way which he thought best for the purpose . He had recommended the names of those who were judges , or else barristers of great practice in Westminster Hall . The same course he had pursued with respect to the lords and the advocates in the court of session . Now , it happened , inevitably , that these persons resided at a great distance from each other , and that they had not those facilities that ensued from meeting all together in one common place ; hence their communications must be much less prompt and frequent , and as so much must take place by written correspondence , it was absolutely impossible to be so quick as some persons might wish or expect . A great deal of information was wanted on a subject where the question was of the changing a part of the ancient laws . The noble and learned lord alluded to , and who was not in the house ( lord Erskine ) he had known so long , that he was sure that he would not have thanked the noble baron , for the censure he had pronounced on his ( the Lord Chancellor 's ) conduct . The noble and learned lord made some observations upon the noble baron 's charge of smuggling in the bill , which his lordship denied ; as also upon the want of attention to himself , of which he appeared to complain . His lordship believed that he was not likely to be accused of shewing a want of attention to any noble lord , and he could hardly have imagined the possibility of such a charge . stated various reasons for the prolongation of the existence of the commission , and commented in strong terms upon the imputations thrown by the noble baron on some of the most respectable characters of the country . It was not fair or just to condemn the commissioners , and to assume that they had no wish to discharge their duty . 408 The Lord Chancellor and lord Grenville explained mutually several times , after which the bill was ordered to be recommitted for Friday next , Lord Grenville moved , first for an address to his majesty , praying that the proceedings of the committee might be laid before the house , which , after some conversation , was changed for a resolution , agreed lo , nem . con . that the commissioners should inform the house what progress they have made up to the present day . brought down a Message from his majesty , which was read by the Speaker , as follows : `` G. R. His majesty thinks it right to acquaint the house of commons that his majesty 's ally the Prince Regent of Portugal , has requested his majesty 's assent to the raising of a loan of 600,000l . in this country , the produce of which to be applied in part to the liquidation of advances made by his majesty to the Prince Regent , on his emigration from Portugal ; and for services connected with his establishment . A Convention has been entered into between his majesty and the Prince Regent , by which the latter secures to his majesty the revenues of the Island of Madeira , for the payment of the interest , and for the gradual reduction of the principal of this Loan ; a copy of which Convention his majesty will order as soon as possible to be laid on the table of the house ; but as it may be necessary to provide for raising this Loan , in the Supplies of the year , and as his majesty has engaged to recommend to parliament to guarantee the payment of it , he has thought proper to make this communication to the house , and his majesty relies on his faithful commons , that they will enable him to fulfil