to the wishes of other gentlemen . said , that while there was no spirit intercourse between Great Bri- 25 tain and Ireland , there could be no advantage gained by one over the other . He wished much that the duty should be lowered in Ireland , in order to prevent illicit distilleries . was of the same opinion . said , that it had been his intention to reduce the duties , in consequence of the suggestions which had been made to him , from 3s . 2d . to 2s . 10d . a gallon . He should , however , keep himself unfettered until the next Report of the committee which were then sitting . When that Report should be presented , which would probably take place in less than five weeks , he would still hold himself at liberty to alter the present bill , or bring in an entire new one , as it should then appear proper . After some further conversation , the Bill went through the committee , and was ordered to be reprinted , with the amendments . wished to put a few questions to the noble Secretary of State , to which , however , he did not expect or require an immediate answer . His object in putting these questions was to disentangle , as much as possible , and clear the ground for the main discussion respecting the conduct of the late Campaign in Spain and Portugal , and to endeavour to fix the leading points upon which that discussion might be expected to turn . That discussion would naturally involve not only the conduct of the war in those countries , but also the nature and tendency of the Treaty lately negociated between this country and Spain . And first , he would beg leave to ask in what sense were to be understood the terms `` lawful successor , '' in the Article by which this country was bound not to make peace until Ferdinand 7th was restored , or his lawful successor and heirs . If it was intended not to make peace until Ferdinand 7th was restored , or until the crown of Spain was again placed on the head of the lawful successor of Ferdinand , a Bourbon , such an Article of a Treaty might expose the country to difficulties 26 which it might not be expedient to draw upon it . If , again , the article only meant that we were to consider any person , even Joseph Buonaparté , should the choice of the Spanish nation appear to appoint him the sovereign of that country , as the lawful sovereign of Spain , he should then say the Treaty in this respect would be wholly nugatory . This , however , might be a matter of delicacy , and he by no means desired to press the noble Secretary for an answer respecting it ; wishing only that he would bear in mind how material a point the consideration of that part of the Treaty must prove , in the approaching discussion . The next point he had to allude to was also a delicate one ; he meant the two Letters and Message of Mr Frere to sir J. Moore . There was no person who was more disposed than he was to make every allowance for the conduct of gentlemen in diplomatic situations ; but he could not but consider the tone of these letters as somewhat out of the usual way . What must appear still more extraordinary was a message sent to sir J. Moore , desiring the bearer of the message to be heard before a Council of War , on the nature of the military plan to be adopted on the emergency in which the British army was then placed , when Mr. Frere and the Spanish Junta were themselves obliged to take to flight ; and most extraordinary again must it seem , was it to be found that the bearer of such a message was a Frenchman ! In what light must he have viewed the treatment to which a