solely from individual motives of interest , can not lead men long to depart from truth and justice , in a cultivated age such as the present . In the times of the Stuarts a great difference of principle existed , even among good men , as to the relative power of the crown and of the people . It was not altogether settled at the revolution , since king William ventured to set the will of the crown in opposition to the feeling of the people , in respect to some of our best and most wholesome laws , particularly the law for regulating Trials for Treason , which he rejected during several sessions , and to which his assent was not obtained until the latter period of his reign . The throne was secured to the house of Brunswick by the efforts of the Whigs ; and they continued to govern the kingdom until the accession of his present majesty . From that date no difference has existed in this country , founded on any difference of political principle ; all classes of party-men have sought only to preserve the constitution such as it is ; but the contest that arose respecting the line of policy to be pursued towards America , and the opposite opinions maintained in parliament for so long a time upon that subject , had , in a manner , enlisted parliament under separate leaders . By an union , they at once endeavoured to control their sovereign , and endeavoured to disregard the opinions of the people . Since the failure of that attempt , the party-feeling that has prevailed in the house has 661 been nothing more than preference for one or other of the great leaders , now unfortunately no more , whose talents guided its debates . In point of practical conduct , it is probable that , which ever had been the minister , nearly the same measures as have been pursued , would actually have been adopted . Under such circumstances , it is not possible that the spirit of party should pervert , in any very great degree , men 's fair and honest judgments . By this abatement of party-spirit ; by the great influence of public opinion on our proceedings ; and sometimes by the direct part , which the people have taken in public affairs , expressed in the resolutions of public bodies ; the increase of the influence of the crown , arising from its enlarged revenue and expenditure , has been counteracted . Since that time , the warmest friends and the most zealous supporters of administration , have always reserved to themselves a freedom to withhold their support , and even to oppose measures of which they did not approve ; and parliament will be found to have displayed a degree of independence , which , on no former occasion , was manifested . Symptoms of this spirit were first shewn in respect of taxation . In former times , a minister , who failed in persuading parliament to adopt a tax , seldom retained his power any long period of time . The fall of sir Robert Walpole soon followed the rejection of his propositions for the Excise ; but Mr. Pitt was compelled to give up the Shop-Tax , the Maid-Servants ' Tax , and the tax on Succession to real property , without any abatement of his general power or influence . When the Declaratory Bill for India was introduced , many of his best friends asserted their free agency , professing still the same warm desire to support his administration . The same spirit was more distinctly shewn in respect of the general plan of fortification ; and , notwithstanding the brilliant success which had attended his measures in Holland , and the recent submission of Spain , when he proposed to involve this country in a war with Russia , the attempt was resisted , and parliament asserted its right of judgment—a circumstance the more remarkable , when it is considered that this was a question depending on details , known only to the cabinet ,