tendered it again to those from whom he received it . He did not think it would be proper to punish individuals for what had been so generally practised by others ; and concluded by generally opposing the motion . rose , amidst a tumultuous call of question , question ! His lordship expressed great surprize at the doctrines he had heard delivered on the present question . One right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had declared , he could not listen to the charge , because the practice on which it was founded had long been as open and broad as the sun at noon-day . For his own part , if he understood the constitution ; if he understood his duty as a member of that house , if he wished for the prosperity and tranquillity of the country , he should suppose that such a conviction in the mind of the right hon . gent . who made it would have been a very strong reason for his voting in favour of the motion . With respect to the speech of the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , he had with pain heard and observed that it seemed to cast such indulgence on every species of corruption , that if he had not himself heard he could not have believed . There seemed to be a doubt between that right hon . gent . and his majesty 's ministers whether there was any thing whatever to correct in the present system of parliamentary representation . If the house should unfortunately determine to overlook the present charge , he trembled for its dignity and character having any longer a place in the estimation of the people . declared he never rose to speak with more pain and surprise . He thought the house ought to come to a resolution in favour of the motion for the sake of its own honour and dignity . There never was a time when under any state of things , either within or without the house , they ought to be more careful of observing the opinion of the people.—He was as much disposed as any man , not only to vindicate the character of the persons accused , but even to acknowledge the zeal and assiduity exerted 523 by them in the public service . But it was to its collective character which the house had now to attend to ; and if they would but for a moment consider the question before them with a moral eye , there could be no doubt about their decision . This , among a multiplicity of other reasons , imposed it as a duty upon him to vote for the original question . begged leave to offer a few observations , even at that late hour of the night , although he had but little to add to the arguments which had already been urged against the motion of the hon . gent . He could not well refrain from reminding the house that the motion at present before them was acknowledged to be a first step towards Parliamentary Reform ; and that the means proposed for enabling the house to take that step , were impracticable . Against such a measure the house had now to make a stand—a determined stand against the encroachments of the factious . The time was now come , when not only a great majority of that house , but also all the reflecting and sound part of the country , would pronounce an opinion , that in resisting the motion of the hon . gent . they acted a part not less acceptable to the feelings of the people , than it was conducive to the safety of the state . The question before the house should not be considered on narrow grounds , or on its own particular and separate merits . It was the duty of parliament to view it in all its bearings , and while they attended to the particular case , not to overlook its general consequences ; what these consequences might be