any time , to make all the sacrifices to his principles that could be called for ; but I mean to say , that none such having been called for , none have in point of fact been made . On the contrary it has so happened that the hon . bart . has got by his patriotism , by the natural , spontaneous , ( unlooked-for if you please , ) effects of his patriotism , all that many men have been willing to obtain , or have pursued without obtaining , at the expence of half their fortunes . By this no credit may have been lost to the honourable baronet , but none can be gained . Virtue can only be proved by trials and sacrifices . A man can not shew his disinterestedness by what he gets , however honestly he may come by it . No one surely will pay so ill a compliment to the hon . baronet as to give for a proof of rare and distinguished virtue , that he has never asked a favour of any minister either for himself or friend . How many might make 766 the same boast ; who yet never thought of inveighing against all the rest of the world as corrupt and dishonest . And after all what does the boast amount to ? With , respect to friends , the praise is rather equivocal . A man may happen to have no one , who is at once capable of being served by place or appointment , and for whom he is particularly anxious . And as to office for himself , is it known that the offer was ever made to the hon . baronet ? or that he himself ever wished it ? With a large fortune , and all the comforts and pleasures of life before him , he may never have thought the pride or power of office a compensation for its cares and constraints , or even for the privilege which he now enjoys of railing at those whose feelings upon that point have been different . The merit of sacrificing office can alone be found among those , for whom office has charms ; and upon that principle the hon . bart . must not be surprized , though in other respects he will no doubt , if I look for proofs of political virtue , to be contrasted to any on his part in quarters from which he would turn with scorn , as the very hot-beds of all corruption . What will the friends of the hon . bart . say , when they hear me quote for my instance , the conduct of Mr. Pitt ? The general career of Mr. Pitt 's political life , and his administration of the affairs of this country , during the great crisis in which he latterly acted , I perhaps as little approve as the hon . bart . can do ; though for reasons altogether different : but one of the very charges which many might bring against Mr. Pitt , is the pledge of his merit in the instance to which I am alluding , I mean the instance of his resignation of power in the year I SOI . It is no reproach to Mr. Pitt to say that he was an ambitious man . It may be something of a reproach , though I am afraid the fact is true , that his ambition showed itself too much in love of power and office . The habits , in fact , of official life had begun so early with him and continued so long , that they must have become a second nature ; place and power were almost among the necessaries of life ; yet with all those feelings upon him , original and acquired ; with a possession of power , longer enjoyed and more firmly established than can be found possibly in any other instance , not excepting that of sir Robert Walpole , with a perception as quick , as man ever had , of what was likely to