of offices in courts of law had no effect on the administration of justice ; but still he did not think it proper , that even the very idea of the sale of any tiling connected with justice should be allowed to exist . Whatever expence might thence arise he was of opinion might be made up by throwing the fees of these different offices together . At all events he thought the practice of selling such offices should be abolished , that no ground of objection on this head might remain even to the most captious caviller . He could not help differing from his hon . friend ( Mr. Creevey ) as to a general election being at all times an appeal to the Treasury . He believed the Treasury did possess a most preponderating influence ; but at the same time he knew that the people had a voice which would be used . The infringement therefore on the elective right of the people was not so great if they were not first driven mad and then appealed to ; if they were not first driven into a State of phrenzy and then desired to make use of their senses . Parliaments were not so difficult to be won that dissolutions were at all times necessary . The last parliament but one had furnished majorities to three 121 different ministers , and each found itself strong enough to carry every question it required . He felt infinitely obliged to the noble lord ( Folkestone ) and to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) for the hopes which from their joint efforts were now held out to the country . With the expectation he entertained on the subject , he felt inclined to hail the present Bill as one of the happiest restoratives of the country and constitution . He hoped the right hon . gent . would not , in the course of the bill , draw back from those expectations which he had this night held out . said , that though this was not the time to argue the clauses of the bill , yet he could not but observe that the provision against the sale of Offices in the law departments should not be included in the present bill , as the adjustment of the remuneration , which undoubtedly must be made on the abolition , was a subject of great importance , and fitting for a substantive measure in itself , whereas introducing it now , would , in his opinion , rather tend to check the progress of a measure they had all so much at heart . With respect to the clause in the bill , dismissing from their situations , such as obtained them through the medium of corrupt practices , however innocent of the existence of the means , he could by no means approve of it , as a principle equally contrary to justice and humanity . explained , that such a measure did not come recommended from the Committee upon East India Affairs , but was a positive rule laid down in their regulations . agreed in the propriety of including the purchaser of seats in that house among the offences of the bill , as it would be unfair to inflict a punishment upon minor offences , and at the same time to pass over those of greater turpitude and mischief . The nature and extent of the remedy itself would be best considered when the clause for that purpose was brought in . rose and addressed their lordships as follows : —My Lords ; In undertaking to bring under the consideration of your lordships , the various military ope- 122 rations of the last summer in Portugal and Spain , I feel , that I have taken upon me a task , to which I am afraid my abilities will prove inadequate . To detail , my lords , the history of those transactions , the true character and bearings of which are to be sought for and explored in a large series of official documents , so voluminous and perplexed