man as Mr. Frere gave him similar advantages , to those which he was accustomed to derive from dishonesty and treason.—Notwithstanding all the difficulties against which sir John Moore had to contend , 452 notwithstanding he had received no instructions from his government , or information from its agents , and although he had been deceived by the account of the Spanish officers , yet he was determined to pat himself in the way of fortune . The march to Madrid was impossible , after the French had seized the pass of Somosierra ; but still he conceived it would be a most important diversion for the cause of Spain , and give the patriots of the South time to prepare for fresh exertions , if he were to make a movement against the enemy in the North . This movement he made , and it produced in a great degree the effect that was calculated from . This movement was attended with considerable danger , and the rapidity of the retreat alone secured the remains of the army . It appeared that ministers at that time had never thought of Ferrol , the second naval arsenal of Spain ; and the great accession of naval strength which the enemy had gained by that conquest was owing to the remissness of our ministers . The battle of Corunna , indeed , afforded a brilliant instance of what British valour could do under every possible discouragement . The troops , though broken down and disorganized by misfortune , supported the military character of the country . It was to the ministers of this country alone therefore that we must look for the causes of the failures in Spain , for , as if intending to fill up the chapter of ignorance , his majesty 's ministers shewed that they were even ignorant of the number of our own troops employed in that country . The noble lord opposite had written to sir J. Moore , that there was no use in his talking of 26,000 men , he must have had 42,000—In the commencement of the business , when our hopes were young and yet gilded by the sunshine , the noble lord had told us there should be a combined effort of the British and Spanish armies against France ; that the assistance which would be given should be such as would be most favourable , and agreeable to the Spanish interest , and that the operations should be only collaterally directed to objects peculiarly British . How were these measures executed ? The first by bringing up our forces after the enemy had commenced his operations , and the Spanish armies had been dispersed ; the second by taking no measures to secure the Spanish interest after the retreat . And the third by the loss of 8,000 men , eight millions of money , and one of our most gallant officers . If 453 the house felt it right to visit those calamities on their authors , and by so doing ; to prevent their recurrence , his Resolutions would be acceded to . If , on the contrary , it was intended to overlook those failures and disasters , to negative those Resolutions would produce the effect.—The noble lord concluded a long and able speech , by moving the following Resolutions : — `` That it appears to this house , after an attentive consideration of the various documents which have been produced , that the spirit of resistance to the unprincipled aggression of France , manifested in Spain , was neither seasonably , vigorously , nor efficiently seconded , by the arms or the counsels of Great Britain ; that time was allowed to the enemy to collect and receive large reinforcements , and to advance into the heart of Spain , before the British army was placed in a situation and condition to oppose their efforts ; that when arrived , it was not sufficiently provided with the description of force , or with the proper supply and equipments , most essentially requisite ; and that no plan of operations was arranged , by which