they pass to the order of the day , he feared it would be regarded as an implied approbation of the principle . He would admit that any attack on the privileges of that house , or the freedom and purity of elections , was a very fair and fit object for parliamentary cognizance . He would be glad to know how far the principle was to be carried ? Whether it was to apply to any man influencing or endeavouring to influence a vote , or procure a seat under certain circumstances , or whether it was meant to limit it to ministers ? He feared his noble friend had taken his principle too wide . If be meant that it should be declared criminal in any man to endeavour to obtain a seat in that house under those circumstances with which they were all acquainted , that would embrace much more than this motion . There was not a place in the kingdom that sent members to parliament to which , with perhaps the exception of Old Sarum , it would not apply . When they were called upon to condemn so violently the noble lord , they would do well to ask themselves whether they would hesitate for the purpose of securing an election to recommend a friend to government . From the evidence , it did not appear that the offence imputed to the noble lord was even inchoate in intention . It was certainly incumbent on the house to give an opinion on the transaction , but not too strong an opinion of the man . It certainly was not the intention of the noble lord , from what he could collect , to put a person in this place to answer an improper purpose . An hon . member ( Mr. Bankes ) had been accused of calumniating classes of the people , and he had been called upon to name those who under the mask of reform were endeavouring to subvert the constitution . Now , though there might be no difficulty in naming individuals , there might be a great deal in naming classes . But it was notorious that there 251 were many hundreds , and he feared thousands and tens of thousands who speculated upon a change . Some of these might be influenced by worthy motives ; he had no doubt there were ; others with different views , who wished to throw all into confusion , and take their chance , as it is called . Some were hostile to this ; some to that . Others were so extravagant , that they were only doubtful where to begin , and what to do . But he trusted that whatever government was in the country , would be strong and firm enough to resist . The moment a single brick was taken out of the building on this principle , the entire ruin of the edifice must follow . Such reform would inevitably germinate in revolution . As to parliamentary reform , he never saw any change that was proposed which had either common sense or practicability to recommend it . moved that the Resolution passed by the house in 1779 be read . That Resolution declared it to be a high crime and misdemeanor in his majesty 's ministers or servants under the crown , to interfere in the election of members of parliament . Such interference was evidently an infringement of the liberty of the subject , and dangerous to the free constitution of this country . He called on any man in the house to lay his hand on his heart , and declare whether the offence with which the noble lord was charged did not come under that Resolution . If it did , was it possible to pass to the order of the day , after the confession which they heard from the noble lord , after his pathetic appeal to their feelings , after he threw himself , in fact , upon their mercy ? He certainly had not much prejudice in favour of the political opinions of that noble lord ;