all their attention to the Pyrenees . In compliance with the wish , of the Gallician Junta , sir Arthur Wellesley proceeded to the Tagus , and determined to attack the French there . He could say with truth of that gallant officer , that in coming to this determination he was influenced by his public duty alone ; for amidst all his brilliant qualities , no one was more eminent than the complete absence of envy and of any feeling of humiliation or degradation at being employed under any other officer . He would not repeat any eulogy on the victories obtained in Portugal ; he would only observe , that in thirteen days sir Arthur Wellesley beat the French army in one general and two partial engagements , and compelled them to an armistice , and to an ultimate evacuation of Portugal . With respect to the supercession of sir Arthur Wellesley , it was 155 impossible that any member of parliament should say who ought , or who ought not to command an army . Sir Hew Dalrymple was at Gibraltar when the first communications of the emotions in Spain arrived , and had conducted himself with distinguished ability . Having thereby gained the confidence of the Spanish nation , he was selected as a proper person to take the command of the British army destined to act in aid of the Spanish cause.—But to proceed with the accusations of the noble earl . The next was the alledged want of cavalry in Portugal , and the assumption , that to that supposed deficiency the Armistice and Convention were to be ascribed . He wished to enter at some length on the subject of the British cavalry which had been sent to the continent . The public mind had been very much misled on this topic , and it was material , with reference both to this and other expeditions , that the house and the country should not run away with false ideas . Had the noble earl ever inquired what the proportion of tonnage for cavalry bore to that of tonnage for infantry ? For infantry ( and for a short distance ) a ton per man was considered as sufficient ; for every horse transported , not less than nine or ten tons were allowed . Thus it would appear , that it would take as much tonnage to carry 5,000 cavalry , as 40,000 infantry . But the amount of tonnage was a small part of the question . The quality of the transports was a more material consideration . A horse transport must be a vessel of a certain description , having a certain height between the decks , & c. The quantity that government could at any time procure of such vessels was very limited ; besides , it was to be recollected that cavalry horses were not the only horses sent with an army ; there must be horses for the artillery , for the staff , & c. This was one point to be kept in view , when the neglect to send cavalry was attributed to government . The next consideration was the nature of the country to which the cavalry was to be sent . The central provinces of Spain were cavalry countries ; but this was not the case with the frontier provinces ; it was not the case with Gallicia , with Asturias , with Portugal . When sir John Moore was retreating , he was forced to separate the cavalry from the infantry , because the nearest rout for the infantry was not calculated for affording supplies to the cavalry , and the infantry under sir David Baird was delayed , owing to the necessity of bringing forward 156 the cavalry in small detachments . Along with this he desired their lordships again to look at the difficulty of sending cavalry . He requested them to consider , that to Egypt , where they might have been of great use , not more than 150 were sent , and the men themselves had been obliged to move the artillery . Cavalry could only be