occupy more of their time than is necessary to the faithfully discharging of an important duty . My first object shall be to endeavour to prove the propriety of bringing forward the measure at this moment , as a justification for myself , as well as a ground to call on the house for their sanction . If blame does attach , it is imputable solely to myself : besides my worthy friend , one of the members for Norfolk , ( Mr. Coke ) , whose absence I regret , my intention of submitting this question to the house was not communicated to an individual till I gave notice of it.—It will net be denied that it is at all times the duly of the executive government to pay particular attention to the temper and feelings of the people ; and to note well any material alterations which may take place . To this important duty I am strongly inclined to believe that the right hon . gent . opposite , has not been sufficiently attentive . Prior to certain recent discussions , there was manifested throughout the country , an unusual apathy and torpid indifference to public men and public measures . Whilst such a deviation from British character existed , the people could not be considered in a healthy state . A calm so unnatural in the political world , ought to have excited alarm , as foreboding an approaching storm : the causes of it are however not difficult to develope . A general disgust and disbelief of the existence of virtue in all public men had taken root . Corruption had destroyed all public confidence . But at length , the discussions which have recently taken place in this house , have awakened fresh hopes in the people , and tended to revive their confidence . They perceive that there still exist in this 355 house , talents and numbers to contend against abuses.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer is not , I trust , among those who ascribe the general feeling which pervades the country to a Jacobinical plot to vilify and degrade the house of Brunswick . If he does , he libels the people of England . Much is it to be regretted that the decision pronounced by this house on the important subject alluded to , was so little in unison with that pronounced by ninety-nine out of a hundred of the people . The general opinion is , doubtless , that it was by the public voice the Commander in Chief was driven to resignation : but their exultation does not proceed from any idea of triumph over this house . No , Sir . This burst of feeling proceeds from a sentiment more worthy of the people . Despondency has now given way to more pleasing emotions : hope is again cherished ( and may that hope meet with no disappointment ) that a speedy Reform of abuses is approaching . On this house then , it depends to convert this feeling to the wisest and best purposes . Can it be pretended that these feelings , publicly expressed , are the effect of delusion , of artifice , or intrigue ? It is well worth our attention to examine how the meetings have been composed ; as well as the language in which their Resolutions have been worded . It will be found that they have consisted of the respectable part of the community ; of men attached to the constitution , firm supporters of the throne ; not hostile to the administration of the right hon . gent. , or friendly to those opposed to him . In their expressions wilt be found nothing to justify alarm , except in the minds of those who profit by abuses . Invariably they point at these abuses , and at the defects in this house , as their source . By timely Reform you will turn the tide of popular feeling , and convert it into increased affection and attachment to the constitution . It is true dignity to resist , when right and justice are on our side :