the session , and the great consideration which a bill of this kind required , he could not consent to any 48 alteration . The remedy of the hon . gent . was not even matured ; and if it was , he understood , it was intended to be modelled on a plan which had been brought into the house of lords last session , and which had been thrown out there on account of its ineligibility . A long discussion took place on the wording of the clause for empowering the Commissioners to summon the Assignees , even before a dividend , to deposit the money they received in the hands of a banker . The Clause was however finally agreed to as proposed , without any amendment.—The wording of the next Clause , for allowing sureties , and acceptors of bills who should pay their debts after the Commission , to prove under the Commission produced a very considerable discussion , and an amendment was agreed to.—After some further clauses were gone through , the Chairman reported progress , and had leave to sit again . , on the order of the day being read for taking into further consideration the Minutes of Evidence respecting the Conduct of the Duke of York , rose . He said , he should trouble the house only with a few words . Indeed , he thought it impossible that the house should not see the nature of the motion he had now to submit to them . The house would recollect that in the course of the Inquiry on which they had lately been engaged , other matters had come out not immediately affecting the Commander in Chief . It was obvious from the evidence which the house had heard , that great abuses prevailed in various departments of the state . He did not allude to the fact , that it had come out that improper uses had been made of the patronage of the East India Company , which had given rise to an Inquiry , which again had produced a voluminous Report , crowded with instances of the abuse of the patronage of that Company . The Evidence adduced before the Committee , also proved that abuses existed in other important departments of the state . It shewed that there were a certain number of men employed as agents in the disposal of offices in every department of the state . It was impossible for the house to allow such a scandalous practice to prevail without inquiry . 49 Such inquiry was necessary , in order not only to punish those who were guilty of the practice , but to apply a remedy to the evil . Other facts likewise came out as to complaints in the practice of the army ; that the Commissions in that service were disposed of by brokers , contrary to the regulations of the Commander in Chief . Another abuse was also disclosed in regard to Levies , of which an instance was before the house in the case of colonel French 's Levy . Here mal-practices of the most serious sort had been exposed , and it appeared from the evidence of the person best acquainted with the nature of the abuses , that the most minute attention was not sufficient to prevent them . It was impossible therefore , he presumed to think , that the house could refuse its attention to the nature and abuses of those other Levies . When his lordship gave notice of his motion on this subject , he did so only from the feeling at the time of the existence , from what the house had heard , of other abuses which from the nature of their inquiry they were then precluded from going into . Circumstances , however , had since occurred , to afford great additional reason for going into the inquiry for which it was now his object to move . The evidence adduced before the East India Committee , he thought it impossible to read and not to see that there were other abuses in the various departments of