to state in one sentence what he thought of lord Wellesley , he should be inclined to say , that he eminently possessed those qualities , to the absence of which in the councils of his majesty might be ascribed the disasters of the last campaign , with the fruitless expenditure of eight millions of money and seven thousand men.—Under the contemplation of this appointment lord Buckinghamshire would venture a suggestion , from which he thought considerable advantage might be drawn by his majesty 's ministers : he conceived an alteration in the provisional government of Portugal indispensably necessary ; and he would earnestly recommend that powers should be vested in the marquis Wellesley , for the purpose of making those changes which could not be delayed without the most material injury , not only to the interest of that kingdom , and the cause of Spain , but in its consequences to the welfare and security of Great Britain and Ireland.—His lordship in conclusion said , he had stated that the existing government was neither acceptable to the people nor to the prince regent ; of the . disapprobation of the people there could be no question . The documents for which it was his intention to move would shew the sentiments of the prince . Upon those do- 288 cuments , if produced , it might become his duty to institute a further proceeding ; for the present he should confine himself to the following motions : `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions , that the Proclamation issued by sir Hew Dalrymple on the 18th of September 1808 , for the formation of a Regency in Portugal , be laid before this house.—That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this house , copies of any Communications from viscount Strangford , concerning the formation of the Regency in Portugal , established by sir Hew Dalrymple 's Proclamation of the 18th of September 1808 , and of any communications relating thereto from the Portuguese minister resident in London , or of such Representations respecting the formation of a provisional government in that country , as may have been made at any time by the same minister , in consequence of advices having been received by the prince regent , of the resistance of the people of Portugal against the usurpation of the French , and of the successful operations of his majesty 's arms in that country . '' restated the opinion he had declared on a former evening , as to the principle which was to guide the house in calling for papers . The granting or papers in one house , was not a conclusive argument in favour of their being produced in another . He agreed fully with the noble earl , as to the capacity of the Portuguese peasant to become an excellent soldier . He was convinced of his bravery , and of the bravery of the people of every country . They only required discipline , and to be well led on to make brave soldiers . With respect to the main question , that of the formation of the Regency , there were two modes to be adopted after the French had been compelled to evacuate Portugal ; either to retain a military occupancy of the country , or to reinstate the former provincial government as nearly as could be , under all the circumstances of the case . The first could not have been resorted to on account of the jealousies it was calculated to create . The latter was actually done , because it was that kind of arrangement which was presumed to be most agreeable to the government at Rio Janeiro . In the manner of forming the Regency , every attention was paid to the 289 feelings , and even to the prejudices of the people . Of the original Regency one was in France , where he remained to this day , and two more had accepted