introduce confusion , and prepare the way for revolutionary projects . It was said our rights and liberties were in danger . Mr. C. could not help calling to the recollection of the house , how often the cry of liberty had in all ages been perverted and employed as the instrument of mischief ; and 500 how often the champions of liberty had become the first to trample it under foot , when they had succeeded in attaining their end , and in overturning the constitution— '' Sunt qui , ut imperium evertant , `` libertatem præferunt , si perverterint , ip- '' sam libertatem aggredientur . '' In what had France benefited by the change which had taken place in that country ? without having been partial to the old government , Mr. C. would ask what had been gained by the new government ? What but the extreme of military despotism , and every sort of tyranny , injustice , and oppression . What was the origin of the present clamour and discontent ? The Duke of York 's ' misconduct—and what had the case of the Commander in Chief to do with the incomplete state of the representation in the House of Commons ? Mr. C. was sorry to see the tone of triumph which had been displayed in so many parts of the kingdom upon this subject . Mr. C. was himself one who thought the Duke of York ought not to continue in office ; but he deeply lamented the circumstances and occasion of it ; and could gee in them no cause for triumph or exultation.—Mr . Cartwright had thus freely stated his sentiments , avowing himself no friend to Reform or innovation . But were he of a different opinion , and had he been an advocate for Reform , he should not think the present a proper moment to begin upon it . We were engaged in a most serious contest with the most formidable enemy this country ever had ; an enemy increasing every day in power and aggrandizement , and intent upon our destruction . He could not think it right at such a moment to sow divisions amongst the people , or encourage dissatisfaction and discontent . But it was said the general sense of the nation had been manifested in favour of Reform of parliament—he denied it to be the case—partial meetings , he was aware , had taken place , and he should mention one which had happened within his own knowledge , and in the county which he had the honour to represent . Seventeen persons signed a requisition to the mayor of Northampton to call a meeting in the town-hall , for the purpose of thanking the hon . gent . who took the lead in the investigation of the Duke of York 's conduct ; seventy-one persons signed a counter-requisition against it , and the mayor in consequence refused to convene a meeting ; and none took place in the town-hall ; but the seventeen persons met at an inn in the town of North- 501 ampton , and there passed their Resolutions , which Mr. C. supposed would be represented as the sense of the inhabitants of the town . Mr. C. could not think this a fair way of estimating the opinion of the public.—With respect to the particular cases adduced by the hon . gent . on this occasion ; he should only say , that whatever the house might think it right to do hereafter , whatever regulations or restrictions might be determined upon in future , respecting the sale and disposal of seats in parliament , it was wholly inconsistent with every principle of common equity or justice to act upon them retrospectively . There was a bill now before the house relating to the subject , and whatever might be its fate , it would undoubtedly receive a cool and impartial consideration . He should give his decided negative to the motion . observed , that if the last speaker was even correct in the motives he attributed to the hon . gent . who brought forward