or for pleasure , or from curiosity . If for use , enjoy that use in its plenitude ; if the animal be fit for food , enjoy it decently for food ; if for pleasure , enjoy that pleasure , by taxing all its faculties for your comfort ; if for curiosity , indulge it to the full . The more we mix ourselves with all created matter , animate or inanimate , the more we shall be lifted up to the contemplation of God . But never let it be said , that the law should indulge us in the most atrocious of 570 all propensities , which , when habitually indulged in , on beings beneath us , destroys every security of human life , by hardening the heart for the perpetration of all crimes . The times in which we live , my lords , have read us an awful lesson upon the importance of preserving the moral sympathies . We have seen that the highest state of refinement and civilization will not secure them . I solemnly protest against any allusion to the causes of the revolutions which are yet shaking the world , or to the crimes or mistakes of any individuals in any nation ; but it connects itself with my subject to remark , that even in struggles for human rights and privileges , sincere and laudable as they occasionally may have been , all human rights and privileges have been trampled upon , by barbarities far more shocking than those of the most barbarous nations , because they have not merely extinguished natural unconnected life , but have destroyed ( I trust only for a season ) the social happiness and independence of mankind , raising up tyrants to oppress them all in the end , by beginning with the oppression of each other . All this , my lords , has arisen from neglecting the cultivation of the moral sense , the best security of states , and the greatest consolation of the world . My lords , I will trouble your lordships no longer than with admitting , for the sake of the argument , that there may be cases , especially in the beginning , where the execution of the bill may call for the exercise of high judicial consideration , through the dignity and learning of the supreme court of criminal jurisdiction . And here I can not help saying , that it adds greatly to the security I feel upon this part of the subject , that when the bill shall have received the sanction of parliament , it will be delivered over to my noble and learned friend , who presides so ably in the court of King 's Bench . From his high authority , the inferior magistracies will receive its just interpretation , and from his manly and expressive eloquence , will be added a most useful inculcation of its obligations ; for I must once again impress upon your lordships ' minds , the great , the incalculable effect of wise laws , when ably administered upon the feelings and morals of mankind . We may be said , my lords , to be in a manner new created by them . Under the auspices of religion , in whose steps they must ever 571 tread , to maintain the character of wisdom , they make all the difference between the savages of the wilderness and the audience I am now addressing.—The cruelties which we daily deplore , in children and in youth , arise from defect in education , and that defect in education from the very defect in the law , which I ask your lordships to remedy . From the moral sense of the parent re-animated , or rather in this branch created by the law , the next generation will feel , in the first dawn of their ideas , the august relation they stand in to the lower world , and the trust which their station in the universe imposes on them , and it will not be left to a future Sterne to remind us ,