duty had he so conducted himself.—So much for that view of the subject in which the public was materially concerned . The rest was between individual and individual ; and he confessed that he did not think the time of the house properly employed , or the feelings of the house properly excited , when such a transaction was made the subject of their solemn discussion . It was not a useful employment for parliament , and he trusted that there was no man to whom the agitation of such a question could be a matter of satisfaction or delight . He had been taunted the other day , as if his private regard was to influence him to protect a public offender . He hoped he should never assume such a privilege . His private regard would induce him to speak a few words upon the subject , but his public duty would induce him to make those words , that he should say upon it , as few as possible . He had no hesitation in saying , that there were parts of Mr. Frere 's correspondence which he did not like . There were parts which he did not approve , and of which he had not advised his sovereign to express his approbation . The specific point to which he alluded , was the demand made by Mr. Frere , that the individual by whom the letter from the Junta of Madrid was conveyed to sir J. Moore , should be examined before a council of war . His opinion was , that it was Mr. Frere 's duty to convey to the General every information in his power ; to transmit to him the communications of the various local governments ; to accompany those communications with his own honest opinion of their value ; and to enforce that opinion with the best arguments that oc- 475 curred to him ; but there he conceived that his province ended , and that he ought not to prescribe , that , which depended en a military decision . He hoped , however , he might be allowed to say in extenuation ; he could not affirm it , for he had not the means of information ; that probably Mr. Frere 's letter was not written in the sense in which it was taken by sir John Moore . It was no unusual thing for a minister in a foreign country to transmit information to a general , and to recommend to him an examination of a particular person before a council of war , as the best mode by which suspicious intelligence might be detected.—This led him to a circumstance on which great stress had been laid , namely , the character of the gentleman by whom Mr. Frere 's letter had been conveyed to sir John Moore . Of this gentleman he knew nothing ; he had never seen him ; he did not believe that Mr. Frere had seen him before this transaction ; he had not been selected by Mr. Frere for the purpose of conveying information to sir John Moore ; he had not been sent out from this country recommended to Mr. Frere ; but he believed that alter Mr. Frere went to Spain , M. Charmilly passed through Salamanca ; that he was not ill received at head-quarters ; and that having been at Madrid he called on Mr. Frere , at Talavera on his way to Salamanca , with a letter to sir J. Moore from a member of the Junta at Madrid . Mr. Frere , of course , thought it his duty to forward M. Charmilly to sir J. Moore , by every means in his power . With respect to the character of M. Charmilly , although he believed that many of the charges made in another place against him were wholly unfounded , and others egregiously discoloured , yet he must observe , that Mr. Frere had no more to do with the character of M. Charmilly than he would have had with the character of a common postman . M. Charmilly was the bearer