Welsh judges , with only three exceptions , had been chosen from among gentlemen of the profession who were members of that house . saw no occasion for the exclusion . proposed a clause for preventing any one of the judges of the principality of Wales from practising as a lawyer during the period he ought to be going the assize . objected to the clause , on the ground of there being no necessity for it ; and that even a whisper would be sufficient to correct the practice without The aid of an act of parliament . moved the second reading of the bill to prevent wanton and malicious Cruelty to Animals . He said he was happy in the opportunity of shewing himself friendly to the cause of humanity , and was pleased with the thought that this bill was likely to experience no opposition . Cruelty to dumb animals was go prevalent , 990 that it was impossible even to walk down to this house without witnessing barbarities shocking to their feelings ; the practice was too common among youths , to the disgrace of their parents ; and men in general disgraced themselves by their treatment of animals which contributed to their ease and to their comforts ; this was exhibited in the practice of cutting off the tails of horses , and thus depriving them of the defence which nature had given them , from the annoying attacks of flies and other insects . The injury these animals also received from the carelessness and wantonness of drivers of mail-coaches , diligences , post-chaises , and slap-bangs , also called for legislative interference : he therefore hoped this bill would meet with the approbation of parliament . said , that however his sentiments might be represented , he should not vote for a bill of this sort , which went upon a false and spurious kind of humanity , calculated to do more mischief than the very abuses it meant to prevent . There was one scandalous defect belonging to the bill , and that was the gross partiality and inequality of its enactments . It fell foul of one class of offences only , while it left untouched an infinitely larger class , and in which the very members of the legislature themselves were implicated , such at hunting , fowling , horse-racing , & c. It would open , besides , scenes of infinite vexation and injustice , by means of informers and litigation , much greater , indeed , than those it was framed to prevent . Besides , the obligations which the bill enforced were all moral duties , of that imperfect obligation which did not admit of legislative interference . He should take another opportunity of opposing the bill more at length . took this opportunity of delivering his sentiments upon the general merits of the measure . He declared himself a decided friend to moderate and practical reform . It was his unequivocal opinion , that when eleven thousand persons exercised the elective franchise , for and in the name of eleven millions , gradual reform became absolutely necessary ; but at the same time , he was equally sure , 991 that universal representation was universal nonsense . When , in the course of the discussion upon the present bill , it was openly asserted , and not contradicted , that the Treasury kept open shop upon every general election , for the purchase and sale of seats in parliament , could any one doubt of the necessity of some reform in the representation ? Of course , then , he could not but agree to the principle of the bill . If , indeed , the measure proposed by his hon . friend ( Mr. Curwen ) has been carried into effect by the house , it would , in his judgment , have immortalized the present parliament ; the bill , however , still contained , he thought , sufficient of good in it , to call for his assent to it . During the discussion of the clauses , a form of oath to be