, in the various committees of that house , should have spoken of a class of the people of this country , in such a manner , that , with all his respect for him , he must say , he had grossly misrepresented them—The hon . gent . said , that the noble lord ought not to be punished , because the offence had not been completed . But , the question was not then a question of punishment . All that was proposed was , to guard against his majesty 's ministers future conduct ; it was only proposed to provide , that similar effects should not in future arise from similar causes : and the more especially , as it had been that night admitted and argued on the other 249 side of the house , that the corrupt abuse of patronage in support of administration was not blamable . It behoved that house to shew to the public that it was not inattentive to its interests ; and to guard its own character from the imputation that whilst it punished petty offenders in detail , it was reluctant to inflict the same punishment upon an offending minister . Was not the Plymouth Tinman 's case in the recollection of the house ; and with such an example before their eyes , could they hesitate to vote the Resolutions against the noble lord ? Complaints had been vented against the press ; but if men of rank would do their duty , they might bid defiance to the press . It was not their rank , but their vices that provoked the animadversions of the press ; which would ever be ready to pay the tribute of its admirations to their virtues . In this thinking , this rational , this reflecting country , they had but to do their duty , and they would ensure the approbation of their countrymen . If any plan of reform should be proposed , he besought the house to entertain it with temper , and abstain from all imputation of disaffection to those who might propose it . He should not detain the house longer , but should most certainly vote for the Resolutions of the noble lord . said , he came to join in the discussion biassed in favour of the question ; but he did not see that the noble lord , whose conduct became the subject of investigation , deserved all the displace and dishonour which had been attached to him . He preferred a moderate course of proceeding towards the noble lord . He agreed with the mild maxim of Hume , that the most moderate measures were the most wise . said , the crime imputed to the noble lord was not dissimilar to a political offence committed by the late Mr. Pitt , for which parliament granted him an indemnity . He could not vote for the Resolutions , as they imposed a censure disproportioned to the crime . Still he was of opinion that the transaction was of such a nature as not to be passed over with total impunity . felt it necessary to explain his reasons for the vote he should give , or rather for the vote he should not give . Neither the original Resolutions , nor the motion made by a noble lord on the other side , were such as to induce him to give his support to either . He could 250 not agree that they should pass to the order of the day , as it would expose them to misconstruction . On the other hand , the Resolutions of his noble friend were too strong and disproportioned to the offence . Two courses lay open ; either to vote for neither , or to vote against both . The most regular way would be to oppose the motion for the order of the day , for the purpose of pursuing the medium course that was proposed . The house , in giving their decision , were called upon , in his opinion , to distinguish between the act and the offender . Should