to popular clamour and delusion . But the just and legitimate complaints of the people I would redress ; their reasonable petitions I would comply with . The arguments urged against Reform in general , do not apply to measures of wise regulation ; and least of all , where the circumstances are found essentially different . In adverting to the next topic , Mr. Speaker , I would , in the first place , wish to guard against misapprehension . In the paths of commerce I am well persuaded there are to be found men of as high honour , as independent minds , of as much general information , and in every point of view as respectable , as many other . But there are attached to every class in society a peculiar character , and distinguishing habits . In former days , the mercantile character was marked by frugality and industry . 362 Amidst all our changes , has there not taken place some change in these characteristics ? Trade is commuted for speculation : a lucky hit produces the objects of a whole life . If unsuccessful , hundreds are reduced to poverty , and the principal consigned to a prison , and oblivion . How few are there among us who can decide impartially and correctly when our own immediate interests are at stake ? War produces loans , contracts , and not unfrequently an extension of commerce to those engaged in certain branches of it . Is it uncandid to suppose that those who contemplate war under this aspect , will out be as averse to it as the landed proprietor who knows and feels its miseries . He who spends a considerable portion of his time in the country necessarily witnesses the hardships that war produces to the lower classes . The power of interest over judgment and every patriotic feeling , was strongly exemplified by an occurrence which , I wish to God , could be erased from the memory of man , and the page of history . On the Royal Exchange , when the lord mayor communicated in 1806 , the miscarriage of our negociations for peace , his auditors expressed their indecent , unfeeling exultation , by three cheers ! By the alterations I propose , a larger proportion of the landed interest would appear amongst us . The mercantile portion of the community would continue , indeed , to represent the metropolis and those boroughs where they have a natural interest . The very excellence of parliament consists in having a due proportion of all ranks in society : considering the importance of our commerce , I should be sorry if we had not of those who pursue it , that due proportion , as well as of the army , and learned professions . But the peculiar advantage of having the landed proprietor in this house , is that each individual brings with him the affections and the confidence of a portion of the people . Thus the united affections of each portion of the empire , concentre in parliament ; and hence springs the moral power which it possesses . The infallible consequence , Sir , of increasing the numbers of our country-gentlemen within these walls , would be to make us more pacifically disposed . It would give a different tone to our councils . It would check the rage for foreign commerce , and the acquisition of fresh colonies . It would turn our efforts and our attention to domestic improvement ; to the melio- 363 ration of our internal resources and the happiness of our country . It would inspire greater moderation of conduct towards other nations , and dispose us not to imitate on the ocean those strides of power which we deprecate on the continent . We should then no longer be the objects of hatred and jealousy to every power in Europe . But , Sir , another and most important object would be attained , if this measure fortunately receives the approbation of the legislature . The times require a strong administration : measures of great energy must be