a proper use of this influence , enjoyed by the mere indulgence of individual Directors ; but to the exercise of this influence there is no particular or extraordinary responsibility attached from the circumstance of being President of the Board of Controul.—Of whatever criminality , therefore , I may be accused on this occasion , any attempt to render it more aggravated , from considering it as connected with the exercise of my official duty , I must consider as unfair and ill founded . The Board of Directors do certainly make a declaration which binds them particularly in such cases ; but it does not follow that other persons who make no such declaration are to be considered as having their errors aggravated by the breach of what they have not pledged themselves to observe . When called before the Committee , I thought it my duty to state what I knew . Had the disclosure been connected with my public or official duties , or had it related in any way to the conduct or policy of government , there might have been some room for hesitation ; but the subject being merely of a personal nature , it would have been unpardonable in me to have hesitated for a moment . I have reason to regret the unfortunate circumstance of having my name connected with that of a man of such a character as Mr. Reding ; but when he applied to me , I had no suspicion of the improper motives from which he acted , and was far from thinking that he was one of those who made a traffic in places . I here feel it to be my duty to state to the house the motives from which I entered into the transaction . I do most solemnly assure the house , that I had never for a single moment an idea that the appointment in my gift , and placed at lord Clancarty 's disposal , could lead to any corrupt influence , either in that house or with individual electors . Although the person who was to retire from parliament had not been named , still the impression upon my mind was this , that he was not only a. man of high respectability , but one of those who were in the habit of voting with the go- 222 vernment . I considered him to be a man , who had had some favour to seek for a son or a nephew , and could never suppose , that the grant of such a favour could operate either to affect the independence of parliament , or to corrupt the purity of election ; and , indeed , I would be the last man on earth who would grant any favour , which could have such an effect . But , even admitting , ( what I am prepared to deny , ) that it was corrupt to exercise the influence , which local considerations or legitimate official patronage gave to the members of the government , with a view to favour the election of a friend ; still , in the opinion of very able men , in which I coincide , it is fortunate that places exists where such influence can be exercised , because they afford an opportunity to men of high talents and great learning , though not possessed of local influence , to get into parliament . Places of this description , which happily exist , open a facility of obtaining seats in this house to men , who can not dedicate their whole time to the acquisition of popularity ; men who from attention to the business of office , who from study and application to professional pursuits , are prevented from the exercise of those arts in which others have an opportunity of indulging : these places , I say , open a facility for such men to make their way into the house , who would necessarily be excluded if elections were all conducted upon popular principles , and confined , as in such a case they would be , to those only