) in illustration of a principle , that he , though holding a pension in right of his late office ( that of Lord Chancellor for Ireland ) still held that pension totally independent of the crown . Now , he must own , that in his view , both the principle and the practice of conferring 952 such pensions , were a very great and objectionable public grievance . It was hard that the people should be saddled with such burdens . Within a very short period the country was called upon to pay pensions to four different Chancellors of 5,000l . a year each . Why were persons holding such offices removed on the change of every successive administration , thereby impeding the course of public justice ; at the same time that it aggravated the public pressing ? In supporting the present Resolution he still felt that it was only palliative , capable of producing good as far as it went . He , however , would feel much regret , if it tended to mislead the public judgment , or diverted it from the only redress adequate to the evil , namely , a Reform in the Representation of the People . For that there could be no substitute ; as upon a free and pure election , where the choice of the people selected those entrusted with the disposal of their properties and persons , the very spirit of the constitution depended . If , however , it was to be all influence ( in other words , corruption ) in one branch , and all submission in the other , then he could not consider the whole but as a mere farce . Would any man pretend to say , that such a pure and free election existed , when it was asserted and proved in petitions before the house , that 157 Borough-mongers returned a majority of its members to that house ? He laid no stress upon any augmented influence of the crown , but he reprobated a system which alternately in the name of the crown oppressed the people , and in the name of the people diminished the just prerogative of the executive branch of the constitution . He knew that the crown was entitled to the constitutional exercise of its prerogative by the law of the land , and that it was necessary to entrust to the executive government strong powers for the able and effectual administration of public concerns . But it was also a part of the constitution , and the very living principle of popular representation , that the people should not be taxed without their own consent , and that their persons should be safe under the protection of the laws . Secure them in those two points , and on their part there will be no attempt to encroach upon the rights or just prerogatives of the crown . Where can the security be found ? Only in a fair and adequate representation of the people in the commons house . This , he would ever contend , was the plain and simple principle , certain of producing the 953 desired effect , and rendering unnecessary substitutes and palliatives of any sort . reprobated the proposition of excluding official characters from that house , as replete with evils of serious magnitude . The noble lord had determined to vote however for the Resolution , under the impression , that there might possibly be a description of persons holding places and enjoying pensions , whom it would be proper to remove from that house . in explanation stated , that the hon . baronet must know that in the nature of things it was impossible , that a Chancellor could remain in office who differed wholly in his political views from the other members of the king 's government . protested against the libels which he too often heard uttered against the laws and constitution of the country—a constitution under which the people enjoyed a greater participation of civil blessings than any other empire in the world . The hon . baronet , he was