friend ( Mr. Parnell ) moved for leave to bring in a bill , the previous question was moved , for the want of information ; no information was yet procured , and now the house were told it was unnecessary.—The time was not far distant when that right hon . gent . and all others would find that information , as to Ireland , was indispensably necessary . The system of tithes was a subject of great importance , and surrounded with great difficulties , but not such as were wholly insuperable . The arguments used against adopting this measure , were the best reasons in the world for taking it immediately into consideration.—The longer it was deferred , the more was Ireland exposed to calamities and difficulties of every kind . Why did the right hon . gent . not take some step in the interval , since last session , to procure the information he wanted ? Why did he now say , that on account of the difficulties and importance of the subject , he should take no step at all ? —The subject was of such vital importance for the tranquillity of Ireland , as well as of this country , that he hoped his hon . friend would take the sense of the house upon it , and that government would not meet the house with the same ignorance next session as they did upon this one . As to exciting dangerous expectations , how could it be supposed 797 that such a matter could be conducted secretly ? It was impossible to proceed in any way without exciting the hopes and expectations of the people of Ireland upon this subject . The measure proposed by his hon . friend appeared to him to be both judicious and temperate . It applied to the crown , as to the head of the church , to inquire into this church property . It placed the nomination of the persons composing the commission entirely in the executive government , where it ought to be . He hoped that these repeated motions on this subject would at least have this good effect , that they would compel ministers to adopt some measure to ameliorate the situation of Ireland . thought that the Commission of Inquiry proposed would not have the desired effect , as it bad been generally found that such commissions were inadequate to the objects in view , and rather tended to discourage the adoption of a measure than otherwise . Even although such a commission were to deliver in a report , he should not be disposed to reckon it binding . He had seen many commissions appointed by the crown , but they had been found never to go to the root of the evil , and rather tended to recommend a feeble than an effectual measure . He thought that it would be better to move , next session , that a committee be appointed , and that the loss of this motion would not embarrass that one . did not think that the house were in ignorance with respect to the subject of tithes in Ireland ; but he conceived that the difficulty was how to find out a practical mode of securing the property of the church . He had never objected to the former motion of the hon . member , on account of the want of information ; but he objected to it , because it was not a measure , capable of being adopted for the reasons he then gave . He had not been remiss in making inquiries , and had even produced a plan , which however he afterwards found it necessary to abandon , as it appeared it could not have the effect desired . He could not be persuaded that any inquiry , either by commission or committee , would do any good , for they did not want information , but they wanted merely a plan of how to get the better of the difficulties they knew to exist . spoke in support of the motion . He thought the arguments used