evidence could have been laid upon the table , without any notice being taken of it ; but however invidious it may appear , I own that I had 217 no sooner read it , than the flagrancy of the offence struck me , and feeling as I do every respect for that committee and that chairman , I could not refrain from doing what I conceived to be a public duty . It is however somewhat surprising that they should have done no more than state the facts ; and , though I do not mean to make any insinuation against the conduct of the Committee , it is I think desirable that they should have accompanied that statement , with some recommendation to the house . What possible defence can be made by the noble lord , or his friends , I am truly at a loss to conceive for I know of nothing they can have to offer either in justification or extenuation of such an offence . It may be stated , that he has done no more than what others have done before him ; and if so , I shall only say , that in all former transactions of this nature , a similar inquiry and a similar censure has taken place as that which I now ask for . I can not agree with the sentiments of an hon . and learned gentleman opposite , when he stated that the evidence of an accomplice is to be rejected . In this case here is both a principal and an accomplice implicated , and I am prepared to argue that point , should it be set up . If I were now calling for the censure of the house upon a transaction , a system of corruption , which had at any time appeared of a justifiable nature , it might be incumbent upon me to urge further argument than I have done , but at present the question merely appears to be , has this offence been committed or not ? This is the question which the house has in its power to determine from the evidence before it , and indeed I need no other assistance than what comes from the lips of the noble lord himself . I have refrained from casting any imputation upon the accused that the evidence does not fully warrant ; and I shall be glad to hear what he has to offer in contradiction to that testimony which is already before us ; and as I know it is usual for the house to permit persons accused to state any observations that may occur in their defence , as well as to permit the accuser to reply , I shall not , trespass at present more upon your patience , than to repeat my assurance that I have acted from no other motive than a conscientious discharge of my duty.—The noble lord then concluded his statement , by moving , `` That so much of the Minutes of the Evidence contained in the Report which , upon the 23d day of March last , was made from 218 the Committee appointed to enquire into the existence of any corrupt practices in regard to the appointment and nomination of Writers or Cadets in the service of the East India Company , or any agreement , negotiation , or bargain , direct or indirect , for the sale thereof , as relates to the evidence given before the said Committee by-lord viscount Castlereagh , the earl of Clantarty , Mr. Reding , and Mr. Davis , might be read . `` —And the same being read ; rose and spoke as follows.—I certainly can not help expressing my utmost regret that any action of mine should become the subject of parliamentary discussion . I am sure no person can feel more for the privileges and independence of this house , than I do ; and certainly my culpability , if really guilty , must be greatly increased , from the situation I hold in his majesty 's councils . If I have committed any error in the discharge