940 house , were so many advocates for prerogative , and added considerably to the influence of the crown in parliament . This might be extremely proper ; but it did not appear so clearly in that light to him . Gentlemen might think that it was necessary and right that the ministers should have a controul over a certain number of the members of that house ; they might think , and maintain too , that it was proper that the crown should have , as in other times it had , a party in that house to controul both sides of the house . But to this point he should only allude , because , however relaxed their practice had been of late , and however difficult the Speaker might find it to resume those reins which his predecessors had found effectual to check all irregularity and disorder , but which had been wrenched from him , certainly without any the most distant imputation against himself , by the gross and disorderly assertions to which he had been reduced to the necessity of listening ; still relaxed as their practice had been , there were limits which it would not be justifiable on any ground to overstep , and consequently he should only allude to a circumstance which he could not without violating order venture to mention . He could not discover any reason why the Groom of his majesty 's Bedchamber , the first Equerry to his majesty , or the Vice Chamberlains to his majesty and the queen , should be members of that house , the duties of their office respectively not having the slightest connection with parliamentary business . It was his opinion , that the presence of such officers in parliament had no other effect than to increase the influence of the crown.—The cases he had mentioned , out of the many that could be brought under the consideration of the house , would be sufficient , he trusted , to prove to the house the necessity that existed for providing some further limitation of the number of Placemen and Pensioners having seats in that house.—Without supposing the existence of any corrupt or dishonourable motive in such persons , there were even virtues in their nature that might give them an improper bias ; gratitude and friendship might blind them to their public duty , and the respect they owed the constitution . It had been provided by an act of queen Anne , that no persons having pensions during pleasure , should be eligible to sit in parliament . The principle of the act was sound , but it was soon evaded , for Pensions were 941 afterwards granted for terms of years . By the act of George the First it was provided , that persons holding pensions for terms of years should not be capable of sitting in Parliament . This was an extension of the principle of the former act , but the measure stopped short of the limit it should have been carried to , and left it to a third act to exclude life-pensioners from that house . There could be no doubt , that the persons to whom pensions were granted , must feel attached to the government to which they were indebted for the grants ; but it might be said that the holders of pensions for life were more independent than those who held during pleasure , or for a term of years . Undoubtedly it would appear that such must be the case ; but when it was considered that pensions might be granted for a term of years , greater than the probable or possible duration of any life , it must appear extraordinary , why the Act of George I. had not been extended to pensioners for life as well as pensioners for a term of years . The holders of sinecure places ought also to be excluded from scats in that house , because it was maintained by some persons that such places ought still to be continued , in order that they might be made the reward of merit