here he felt that a distinction should be taken between Commissioners , such as these , and a government . If the Commissioners neglected the business to which they were appointed , their neglect must be wilful , and consequently highly criminal ; but the members of a government had various other important functions to attend to ; besides , successive governments might not always be aware of the views of their predecessors ; and even the Secretary to the Treasury has so much other business to attend to , that he might inadvertently omit some part of his duty . Upon these grounds , therefore , he considered the neglect of the government , and the neglect of the Commissioners , as meriting different proportions of blame . It was not his wish to take any portion of blame from any person to whom it could be applied . He certainly entertained sincere and warm feelings of friendship for some of the persons to whose conduct the Report referred ; but he should not suffer himself to be influenced by those feelings in screening them from any censure which they might by their misconduct have justly incurred . It was due to the Prussian Commissioners to state , that an inaccuracy existed in the statement in the Report , that they had had 18,000l . at a private banker 's ; the fact having been , that the sum actually placed in the private banker 's did not exceed 3,000l . the remainder of the sum being vested in Exchequer Bills . He had thought , that the usual practice was , when a Report of this description was laid before the house , to wait a short time before any proceeding should be instituted upon it in the house , in order to ascertain , whether any steps were taken by government pursuant to the recommendations of the Report ; and upon this point he trusted his majesty 's ministers would state what steps they had taken . was prepared , without any call , such as that made by the hon . gent . who had just sat down , to communicate to the house the measures that had been taken by the Treasury with respect to this Report . When gentlemen considered that it was only on the 25th of March that the Report had been presented to the house ; that some delay had taken place in the printing of it ; and that it was not in the hands of gentlemen until within a fortnight of the time when notice of this motion was given , they would not think it surprising that no measures had been taken by the Treasury before the notice of this motion was given . He could , however , state that the Treasury had applied to the Committee of the Privy Council , to call upon these Commissioners to give in their accounts to the Treasury , to be then transferred to the Auditors of Public Accounts to be passed . The Treasury had also ; adopting the suggestion of the Committee , proposed that the rate of remuneration should be 5 per cent . on the net proceeds , the Commissioners being to defray the charges of their establishment , and to pay interest for any sums which they may have kept at their private bankers . It appeared , that in some of the sales there had been no net proceeds , but an actual loss , and it was thought right that the amount of these losses should be deducted from the net proceeds . From this statement the house would be able to judge whether the conduct of government merited that general censure which the Resolutions of the hon . gent . went to pass upon all the governments that had successively existed since the appointment of these Commissioners ; a censure , too , which undoubtedly would least of all apply to the present government . But , was the case such as to call for this censure ? This Commission was an anomalous case . Parliament took the business out of the