nor was the state or the individual injured by it.—He hoped that political hostility would not prevail so far as to aggravate this case , and therefore asked the gentlemen on the other side whether , with a fair view to the independence of parliament , it was necessary to enter on the Journals such Resolutions as these ? He agreed that the dignity and independence of the house ought to be its primary object , but that independence and dignity would be sufficiently consulted by the notice which had been taken of this transaction , and the most moderate way of proceeding would be to adopt the proposition of his noble friend , and go to the order of the day . said , that it seemed to be generally admitted that an offence had been committed : the offence , too , was of that sort , the principle of which went to affect that house in its privilege , and the country in its constitution ; but then in this , as in every other offence , there were degrees , and the punishment should be 236 consonant to the degree . The noble viscount was on his trial , and the house was bound to go through that trial , with judicial temper rather than any spirit of prosecutionary violence ; and it was upon this principle that he could not approve of going back to the political proceedings in which the noble viscount had such a share in effecting the measure of Union with Ireland . He could hardly think it fair to charge that noble lord upon one issue and to try him upon another . ( Hear , hear ! from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and others ) . He thought , therefore , that in entertaining the present charge they were to look to it only . And , in the first instance he must do justice to the noble lord ; he liked the candid manner in which he had made his statement : his defence , such as it was , was frank and well judged , for there was throughout a decent respect for constitutional principles . This much he said in justice to the noble lord ; but , then , what had the noble lord confessed ? —that he had evaded a great principle of the constitution ; but that he had not so evaded it with a view to attack the constitution , but with a view to accommodate a friend—an offence in either case ; but , in either , the motives were so widely different , as to put a marked distinction between the offences in both ; at the same time , the attack upon the constitution was direct , but then it did not , as it stood , seem to be one of a series—there did not appear any evidence of a system ; it stood alone ; and looking at it so , it did appear to him as if the noble viscount , at the time when he was guilty of that offence , was not aware of its extent . But still the offence called for the animadversion of that house—the purchasing of a Seat in that house was considered such an offence , that the bare mention of it was disorderly , at least to state it as a fact was so . The house , then , could not now pass over with an indifference , proofs of such an offence—an offence that went most against its dignity , by soiling the purity of that source which constituted its dignity—it was selling what was not to be sold , and buying what was not to be bought—it was making the legislative executive—and more than that , making the executive legislative , and making both undermine the government they were constituted to sustain . It was making all the parts conspire against one another , and break off from the common centre that made them strong in their common 237 union . An offence coming under the order of such offences , could not be