individual , when he could be found ; but it was not fit that any gentleman should be fined for offences committed while he was doing his duty in that house . That the law to prevent collusion between officers of excise and illicit distillers was not enforced was sufficiently proved by the circumstance of 375 applications having been made to fine the county of Cavan , at the quarter sessions , for illicit stills , while not one prosecution was instituted for a misdemeanor to punish collusion . thought the proposed clause feasible ; but did not approve of the manner in which it was supported . said , that he believed the tight hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) was mistaken as to the punishment of officers for collusion . The existing laws went to punish them by a fine of 10l . or to render them incapable of retaining their office . The fines proposed upon the parishes amounted to 50l . while the fine for the officer , if guilty of collusion , was only 10l . which should be 50l . at least ; otherwise fines would be levied on parishes , and officers screened . The fines levied upon the county of Cavan were so great , that it would be impossible to levy them , and he confessed he was very much shaken in opinion , as to the efficacy of fines ; instead of having the proposed effect in that county , illicit distilleries had increased . He thought the system of fines ought to be taken into the consideration of the house as early in the next session as circumstances would admit . said , that where collusion was practised by officers , he thought an immediate remedy should be sought ; and that there was no occasion to put it off till next session . He should have little hesitation in proposing , that officers so offending , should be subject to double the penalty of town lands ; the half of which should go to the informer , and the other half to be appropriated to some other purpose . presented a Message from his majesty relative to the proposed subsidies to Austria , Spain , and Portugal [ for which see the proceedings of the House of Commons ] , and moved that it be taken into consideration tomorrow , and that the lords be summoned . rose , and made a few remarks on the subject of the Message . As he was quite unacquainted with the intentions of ministers relative to the application of the pecuniary aid , he could only offer general observations . It was impossible for him to know what were the peculiar circumstances of the case , and how far they might 692 be such as to justify subsidies . But thus much he felt himself entitled to say on the subject , that after the recent experience that had been afforded us with respect to our pecuniary assistance to foreign nations , and after viewing what the state of Europe now was , and the probability of what might speedily happen , he thought that the first duty of the ministers of this country , was the preserving and husbanding our resources , to meet the possible emergency in which we might be soon called upon to make still greater efforts than we had hitherto done ; not to assist other nations , but solely in our own national defence . Indeed , if it should ever be possible to obtain peace , we should yet have to assume that defensive attitude which would leave our peace without the best enjoyments , blessings , and securities of a peace ; and we therefore were called upon , whether for peace or for war , to exercise care and economy respecting our financial resources . This observation he applied either to the case of Austria , or to the future wants of Spain or Portugal . He would not attempt to give any decided opinion upon the subject at present , but he could not avoid stating his general opinion