this , the fetlock-joint was dislocated , the skin broken , and , upon every exertion of this wretehed creature , the bone was visible to the eye . My attention being peculiarly extended to the unhappy object 's sufferings , I accosted the man who was driving the cart , upon his coming up to the place , and remonstrated with him about the misery of the horse 's situation . I was answered with nothing but abuse ; which generally is the fate of those who interpose their humanity on such an occasion , The man inquired if I would give him another ? I offered him a guinea , provided he would part with the horse . `` Why , '' says the man , `` a guinea , Sir ! I can work this horse three weeks longer , and after that I can sell him to the slaughter-house , and thereby make four or five pounds . '' I wish that your lordships would attribute to my conduct no more than the discharge of my duty ; the act I performed , was , to my mind , unavoidable ; I followed the man and purchased the beast ! But this mode of relief can not always be applied to the sufferings of animals , which meet our eye almost every day , and in almost every street of this metroplis . It is also in cases like that to which I have alluded , the word `` abuse '' will most aptly apply ; and , when preceded by the other words I have adverted to , there can be no danger of the operation . Sorry should I be if any injury could possibly arise from this penal statute , and it is my anxious wish that every precaution should be adopted which may prevent any hazard of the liberty of the subject . `` —His lordship then stated , that there was another clause by itself , and by way of amendment , which he had framed for the better prevention of cruelty to other cattle , while proceeding to a fair or market , by means of cutting , maiming , and houghing . The house would be astonished if they knew all the cases which had been described to him by letters from magistrates , who particularly desired clauses to be inserted for the prevention of each particular case . He then observed , `` During the thirty years of my parliamentary life , I never introduced any al- 853 teration in the law , or any new act of parliament . I possess no ostentation in coupling a statute with my own name ; and , on the present occasion , your lordships will , I trust , give me credit for being actuated by the purest of motives ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I have no desire that the measure in contemplation should be considered as orignating from myself . I would rather the people of this country should consider it as proceeding from the unanimous concurrence of your lordships , whose authority will give clue weight to its operation . On this account , I feel desirous , so to alter and amend the bill , that it may meet the unanimous approbation of this house , and be less likely to incur any objection in another place . After all , if this legislative measure should be attended with any injurious consequences , now unforeseen , I pledge my honour , that I will be one of the first to propose such alterations as shall prevent their recurrence.— There is one point more to which I beg your lordships ' attention ; although my lords , I have seen with regret the growing evil of cruelty to animals in this land , and have thought it expedient to introduce the bill before you ; yet , my lords , in this land , in which our lots are cast to live , there is more honour , there is more humanity , there is a stronger sense of moral duty , than in any