, and there was no prevention of them by absolute force , but by timely Reform . As for misrepresentations of the press , which were complained of by gentlemen opposite , had not others , and particularly an hon . baronet , been treated to the full with as little ceremony . He could not believe that the nation would impute to the advocates of Reform what the press imputed to them . Indeed , such reports of public meetings would be trampled upon , if the grievances themselves did not actually exist . He thought , after what the Speaker had said , it would be more regular to withdraw the motion ; but not to withdraw it so as to yield a privilege . He concluded by declaring his opinion , that the ministers of the crown possessed an undue influence in that house . expressed his astonishment to hear accusations and censures on gentlemen for an ancient , acknowledged constitutional practice of Englishmen , in attending public meetings . This , he had been always taught , ignorant as perhaps he was of the history of the country . Meetings of the people for the attainment of a moderate Reform , conducted with regularity and order , did not lead to public mischief , but to open the eyes of the country and of the house . He avowed that be was a steward at one of those meetings , and joined in recommending to the counties to petition parliament for the desired Reform , temperately , vet urgently . That embraced the entire object of the meeting . He was ready at any time , to defend his conduct on the principles of our forefathers , and should continue to be guided by those principles . He rose chiefly at present to repel unfounded aspersions . said , that no distinct charge had been proposed against either of the two parties accused . He never knew any motion more contrary to justice in that house , or elsewhere . He was even surprized to hear it defended by an honourable member opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) versed , as he was , in his favourite character of a public accuser in the British house of commons . Was a charge of personal corruption to be treated like a general charge against an administration ? He was proud that he was no party to such resolutions as those lately published , stating a clause in the Act of Settlement as the existing law of the land , which never was law . [ Here it was observed that it was four years before it was repealed . ] Never till lately had it been seen in this country that bodies of people , not present during a judicial examination , had met to arraign the conduct of those who found it their duty to acquit one who was accused . He never till now heard of condemning the house of commons in this manner , for the exercise of their duty in an acquittal . He could not conceive how those who called themselves the great friends of the country could reconcile it to their feelings to degrade the character of the house of commons . had not attended any of the public meetings , and from his habits of life it was not likely he should attend them ; but he joined in expressions of surprize at the language he had heard . If such language was correct , be should suppose that the house of commons had nothing to do with the people , but were of their own creation . If the tendency of the doctrines he had lately heard were encouraged and acted upon , he should bid adieu to the liberties of the country , and should account his being sent to parliament not an honour but a degradation . If it were thought just and expedient to attack the meetings of the public , it would be better at once to vote the constitution at an end . He conceived it to be a public duty to obtain reform in