of their body , in confidential situations under the crown . How has it been received ? Shame to say , its existence has not only been admitted from time immemorial , but even justified from both sides of the house . Let the house cautiously reflect how it sends abroad such principles , sanctioned by their decision . In such an attempt to vindicate the character of the two rt . hon . gentlemen , they will fail to retrieve them , whilst they sacrifice to eternity the honour , the credit , and the character of the house of commons . made a brief reply , defended the consistency of his public life and the purity of his motives . He felt impelled to the course by the sense of public duty , from which , not even the conduct of that night should succeed in 527 warping him . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had confessed , that corruption existed from the top to the bottom of the state . He was sorry to agree with the right hon . gent . on this point . It did , indeed , exist most generally . Its universality and ubiquity were frightful , and reminded him of Virgil 's figure of Fame : 'Ingrediturque solo , et caput inter nubile condit . ' The Question being loudly called for , strangers were ordered to withdraw . The two Amendments were negatived without a division . The house then divided on the original motion , as proposed by Mr. Madocks ; when the numbers were : — Noes 310 Ayes 85 Majority against Inquiry —225 laid before the house , a copy of the Convention between the king of England and his Swedish majesty , concluded on the 1st of March , 1808 . He said , this Convention had been alluded to in his majesty 's speech on the opening of the session , and would have been sooner laid before the house , but that it was necessary to accompany it by some communication which , under the existing state of circumstances between both nations , it was necessary to postpone . He had now to state , that no part of the stipulated subsidy had been paid to Sweden beyond the first three months ' instalment , nor would it be requisite to propose any vote more in the budget of this day . The existing state of circumstances between both countries was such as did not enable him to make any definite communication to the house at this time ; but it was necessary to lay the paper before the house as a ground for the vote to be proposed . declared himself perfectly satisfied by the explanation upon this subject . rose to revive a motion which he had proposed yesterday , but which he was then induced to defer at the request of the noble lord opposite to him ( Castlereagh ) . It was for a return of the names of all the officers attached to the foreign corps , raised under colonel Charmilly : the various sums advanced to them in the way of allowance , or otherwise ; and also their present state in his majesty 's service . It did not strike him that there could be any objection to comply with the motion . The whole of those officers were known to be Roman catholics : he believed there were many of them , who from their conduct had not proved themselves to be men of the most unexceptionable character , although there were many others whose conduct was certainly irreproachable . It was , however , pretty extraordinary , that in 1794 , when the letters of service were issued to French officers to enlist French soldiers from a military prison into his majesty 's service , a positive refusal was given by the government , of the late duke of Bedford 's request for a commission for the command of his own armed tenantry in the defence of his own country , under an apprehension 529 that to trust that nobleman