the practice , ) in the power possessed by masters and mistresses ? But apply to any of these ladies , and satisfy them , after much difficulty , that their coachman was the most active and the most in the wrong , in the struggle , which caused so much disturbance at the last Opera , and the answer probably would be , 'Oh ! to be sure ; it is very shocking ; but then John is so clever in a crowd ! the other night at Lady Such-a-one 's , when all the world was perishing in the passage , waiting for their carriages , ours was up in an instant , and we were at Mrs. Such-a-one 's half an hour before any one else . We should not know what to do , if we were to part with him . ' Was it the coachman here who most deserved punishment ? or was it for the parties here described to call for a law , which was to lay the foundation of a new era of legislation , and to operate with great severity and most flagrant injustice upon whole classes of people ? A similar instance would be found in the case just alluded to of the traveller and the post horses . 1038 Whose fault was it , in nineteen cases out of twenty , that these sufferings were incurred ? the traveller drives up in haste , his servant having half killed one post-horse in riding forward to announce his approach ; the horses are brought out ; they are weak , spavined , galled , hardly dry from their last stage . What is the dialogue that ensues ? does the traveler ever offer to stop on his journey , or even to wait till the horses can be refreshed ? such a thought never enters his head ; he swears at the landlord , and threatens never to come again to his house , because he expects to go only seven miles an hour , when he had hoped to go nine ; but when the landlord has assured him , that the horses , however bad in their appearance , will carry his honour very well , and has directed the post boys to 'make the best of their way , ' the traveller 's humanity is satisfied , and he hears with perfect composure and complacency the cracking whips of the postillions , only intimating to them , by-the-bye , that if they do not bring him in in time , they shall not receive a farthing . What revolting and disgusting hypocrisy was it in persons daily witnessing without remonstrance , or acting in such scenes , who would not sacrifice the smallest particle of their convenience in consideration of any pain that was to result from it , to be inveighing with such exaggerated sensibility against the cruelties practised on the brute creation , and calling for a law to punish them ; much of that cruelty being incurred in their service , and under their own immediate inspection and orders ! Where was the justice of punishing the inn-keeper here ? who , if he refused his horses , lost his customers , and his means of livelihood ; or the post-boy , who when once employed must perform the task assigned him by such means as he had , and must ply his whip till the pain or threat overcome the pain of the effort , which the horses had to make in order to go through their stage ? Such were the proofs of the injustice of the law , and such the proofs that no law , just or unjust , was necessary , even in the cases to which it applied But what should be said of the flagrant and horrid injustice , of withdrawing from its operation and cognizance , a whole class of cases , which , if such a bill was to pass , could not , one should think , be allowed to stand an instant , as being more than any others in the very