office so long as their judgment was permitted to direct their actions ? In a neighbouring country , Sir , if a strict examination were to take place of all the causes which have led to the total extinction of that liberty which at one moment there was a fair prospect of their obtaining ; if the convulsions , which have accompanied the loss of this , the greatest blessing that man can possess , have been so dreadful as to lead many to abhor its very name ; perhaps , the most prominent and the most active of these causes has been the want of character , and consequent want of confidence in their successive leaders . How different , happily for us , is OUT prospect at home ! Amidst all our divisions we can do justice to one another 's motives : —However estranged by casual circumstances , and the inevitable discordance of opinion whore thought and action are free , yet I trust such will ever be the conduct of our public men of all parties , as not to give real ground for the diffusion of that opinion to which I have just alluded . Though we may look askance at each other for the moment , yet we know not how soon , or with whom , we may again cordially unite . On the important question which lately rivetted the attention of the house , I for one considered myself as exercising a painful duty , and in the capacity of a juryman . Though the conclusion formed by others was in opposition to my own , yet I shall not doubt that it was on their part equally conscientious ; that as the one deserves no praise , the other as little merits reprobation . In the sincerity of our wish to uphold the just prerogatives of the crown , we are , I trust , ail united . In distinguishing these , from the exercise of influence unknown to the constitution , though alas ! too well known in practice , and attended with dangers not only to the subject , but to the prerogative itself , I foresee many struggles . But as to the just and fair prerogative , let it never be forgotten , that though 367 this be the inheritance of the crown , it is a trust for the benefit of the subject , for purposes the most useful . I shall no longer detain the house ; but must conjure them , I must conjure the right hon . gent . to reflect coolly ; not to mistake the feelings and the expressions of the people . They arraign us of corruption ; they point at the disreputable manner , in which it is alleged that some persons find their way hither . To this accusation we must plead . No evasion , or special-pleading sophistry will stand us in stead . If we evince a disposition to reform , we shall heal our divisions and re-establish ourselves in the good opinion of the people . Then may the right hon . gent . proclaim to all Europe ; it is not on the bravery of her troops , or on the unparalleled prowess of her navy alone , that our country builds her strength : it is on the hearts and the affections of her children . Possessing these , she can securely bid defiance to a world in aims . With increasing difficulties she can call forth increased exertions.—Her soldiers , are every man who can wield a musket.—Her resources , every guinea we possess . In her defence every arm will be uplifted ; every , danger despised : and no other object of emulation can then exist among us , but how each in his station can yield the best service to his sovereign and his country.—I move , Sir , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better securing the Independence and Purity of Parliament , by preventing the procuring or obtaining Seats in Parliament by corrupt Practices ; and likewise more effectually to prevent Bribery