states might be clearly defined and secured against ail interruption . To such nations as are disposed to enter frankly into these views , every commercial advantage , which we can bestow , ought freely to be communicated . Those countries , on the other hand , which are under the controul of our antagonist , ought not to be allowed to navigate a ship . If it be not an idle fancy now to think of peace with France , the only condition on which it can be concluded with any appearance of safety , is that of her absolute renunciation of all rights on the sea , the surrender or destruction of her ships of war , and the assured renewal of hostilities when the first bolt is driven into a new one . On this principle , a system of foreign policy , worthy of the British nation , may yet be built ; and on this system alone , can we expect to form a counterpoise to the overgrown 350 power of France on the continent of Europe . Next to the establishment of an effectual system of military defence at home , this is the most important object of our policy ; and one , in competition with which no commercial advantage deserves a moment 's consideration . It is high time to act systematically on this view , to assert and maintain our maritime sovereignty , to lay down just and impartial laws , not to allow any nation in the world to navigate a ship except in compliance with them . With respect to America , we have no commercial interest that should be an obstacle to amicable arrangements ; but if the great objects of maritime power and defence , involving the very existence of Britain , are to be sacrificed for paltry commercial advantages , disgrace will be our portion , and ultimate ruin will be the consequence . If America be inclined to enter into treaty in a spirit truly friendly , there is little to be settled ; but let her embargoes and non-intercourse acts continue , till she explicitly recognizes the British sovereignty of the seas.—Lord Selkirk concluded with moving an Address : — '' Humbly submitting to his majesty the opinion of the house , that in any arrangement which may be entered into , for the accommodation of the differences subsisting between his majesty and the United States of America , it is essential to the honour of the British nation , that full satisfaction should be made by the American government , for the conduct of their officers in receiving and protecting deserters from his majesty 's naval service , and particularly those entered for the American frigate Chesapeake , in the year 1807 . '' said , he did not rise for the purpose of going at length into all the arguments of the noble earl who brought forward the present motion . He should occupy a small portion of their lordships ' time , because the same reason which he had assigned for refusing the papers moved for by the noble earl , particularly applied upon the present occasion . The fact was , certain differences did exist between his majesty 's government and the United States , and a negociation had been commenced for the purpose of their adjustment , which was not yet brought to its final issue . Now , the motion of the noble earl called upon that house to interpose and give advice to his majesty , pending the negociation , and they were called upon to do this , without knowing all the circumstances , or even the state in which the 351 negociation existed . This was a particular province and department of the royal prerogative , and he would submit it to the consideration of the house , how far they would act properly or judiciously , in thus interposing their advice , without any clear knowledge upon the subject . He was not a little surprised that a motion of this nature should have been brought forward by any noble lord ; for if