not caprice , he had altered his opinion on the subject ; and he thought it better at once to negative the proposition , than to hold out a false hope , where no possible benefit could be expected to follow from it . In regard to the pledge stated to have been made , relative to the commutation of tithes , as an event to take place consequential to the Act of Union , he could only say he had never heard of such a thing before ; but be that as it may , who ever heard of such a pledge as binding between two countries , instead rather of looking to the articles themselves of that union , in order to judge of their infraction or preservation ? Sir , as I intend to support the motion of my hon . friend , because I conceive it might be of some service in doing away part of the evil , which results from the mode of collection according to the present system , yet I can not support it without declaring that I consider it totally inadequate to give that relief which I should wish to give to the people of Ireland , and consequently that it will be unsatisfactory to that nation . And moreover , this discussion must be attended with something more than disappointment to the people , when they know that the Chancellor of the Exchequer having , as he says , long contemplated a similar measure , and even prepared a bill for the purpose , was induced by what he calls an infinity of difficulties , to abandon even his inadequate modifications . And having contemplated in his mind what was little more than futile , to have ended his purposes in nullity . For I agree with my hon . friend that nothing but a general measure can be satisfactory to the people : a measure of complete commutation or abolition . And as the right hon . gent . intended the bill which he contemplated as a bar to future relief so I may doubt that , even if the present motion were passed , it might not be considered rather as an impediment than as an assistance to the speedy accomplishment of a general and perfect relief from the system of tithes . At any rate it would be only a slight palliative to an inveterate disorder.—Nor can I ever agree to consider the declarations of the British ministers at the time of the Union as less than pledges on the part of Britain . So were they held out to the Irish nation , and so 639 were they always received in that country . And the declarations of Mr. Pitt made in this house on the part of government , and uncontradicted , were even stronger than what were stated by ray hon . friend . In those declarations , and in the pamphlets dispersed in Ireland by the government previous to the Union , under the name of Speeches of Mr. Pitt , that minister was made to declare , not only that `` some mode ought speedily to be adopted for relieving the lower orders from the pressure of tithes , '' which he described as `` productive of great practical evil , '' in that country , but he made it precede the other promises he held put to the Irish nation , and which he combined with it for the purpose of deluding that nation , namely , of giving a fair consideration to claims of the Catholics , which never has yet been given , and of providing an adequate maintenance for their clergy , which has never yet been provided . But moreover , sir , Mr. Pitt declared , that `` these were the grounds on which he ventured to propose a legislative Union . '' Observe , sir , they were the grounds on which he ventured to propose that measure . Did Mr. Pitt , then , mean to build the Union , with those base materials which he used , and then to take away the