. had then informed him . With respect to the nature of the contract entered into between the two countries , he was ready to admit the explanation of the right hon . gent , to be perfectly satisfactory ; but , in giving this opinion , he did not thereby pledge himself to an approbation of the Treaty itself , or the grounds upon which it had been entered into . The next question he had to ask was in reference to a Letter from Mr. Frere to sir John Moore , dated Talavera de la Reyna , Dec. 3 , 1808 , and beginning , `` Sir ; In the event which 106 I did not wish to pre-suppose of your continuing in the determination of retiring with the army , & c. '' This letter he ( Mr. Ponsonby ) understood to conclude with a request that the bearer of that letter might be previously examined before a council of war . Now , considering the respective situations of that gentleman and sir John Moore , he could not help saying , that this request appeared to him to be one of the most extraordinary , that ever was made ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Was it to be believed that a person— rose to order ; though the right hon . gent , had said full enough to tempt him to enter into some justification of the conduct of his right hon . friend , as well as from a sense of public duty as the motives of private friendship , he should , however , forbear , provided the right hon . gent . would stop there , and confine himself to the putting of any question he might think proper to propose . admitted that the right hon . gent was right , and that he was wrong . The questions he had to put were—He wished to know the name of the bearer of this letter from Mr. Frere to sir John Moore ; who this messenger was , and what the nature of his message ? replied , that he could give no answer to the latter part of the right hon . gent . 's question , as he himself was not aware of the nature of the message . As to the name of the messenger , he must be excused if he declined answering that ; but he believed his right hon . friend , in requesting that the messenger might be examined before a council of war , did so , not with any view of questioning the military authority or judgment of sir John Moore , but that the council might have every advantage of any extraordinary information possessed by a person so lately coming from Madrid , and an eye-witness of the scenes passing at such a distance . asked , what were the powers and instructions given to Mr. Frere , and whether the messenger alluded to already was a Frenchman or an Englishman ? said that the instructions could be best learned from the papers that might be laid before the house referring to this subject . As to the nativity of the messenger , he believed , as was more probably the case , that he was a native of the country where he acted . said , he had asked the last question because he had it in contemplation to offer a motion to the house for the removal of Mr. Frere . , supposing that the letter from Mr. Frere to sir John Moore was in answer to one from that general , wished to know whether there would be any objection to the production of that letter . replied , that all the correspondence between sir John Moore and Mr. Frere , that had reached his office , was either in copies or extracts before the house . He took that opportunity of moving , That there be laid before the house copies of all the notes which had been exchanged between the Spanish minister and the Secretary of State relative to certain Articles of the Spanish Treaty.—Ordered