the stongest stimulus to excite the Treasury to perform its duty by a vigilant restraint on the public expenditure is wanting , if supplies can be obtained without an immediate pressure on the people . The temptations which perpetually occur to a Minister , of a loose and careless administration of the public purse , are constantly counteracted by the impending and painful task of taxation ; the irksomeness of which , few men have experienced more than I have done , having been officially concerned in raising almost half the existing revenue of the Country . This temptation to carelessness of expence , is another strong distinction between the measures of the present year , and the plan of 1807 ; which was not only compatible with the strictest œconomy , but was calculated on data which required and enforced it . Perhaps even in nations the thirst for dominion requires a corrective in the burdens of war ; but there is in the nature of things an obstacle which must prevent such means as we now employ ( invincible means if we use them wisely ) from being made subservient to the purposes of injustice and ambition . In any war for conquest or for any ordinary national interest , no Minister would dare to come down like Lord Sidmouth , and propose twelve millions of new taxes at once . We are very apt , Sir , to regard the War Taxes simply in the light of a great additional burden ; and as such they certainly are felt at first ; but it is time to consider them in another point of view , and to compare them with the pecuniary burdens from which they have preserved us . For this purpose I shall propose two Resolutions ; the first shewing the amount of the saving effected by the War Taxes previously to the Peace of Amiens , and the second the effect of those imposed subsequently to the renewal of hostilities . The first ( which in the whole raised about thirty-two millions and a half in five years ) diminished the Loans of the years in which they were raised , by about forty eight millions and a half of Capital Stock , and eighteen hundred thousand pounds Annual Charge . The superior exertions of the present war have in the first six years saved one hundred and thirty three millions of Capital , and six millions and three quarters of Permanent Annual Charge ; to which is to be added a saving in the present 1148 year of about twenty three millions of Capital , and between eleven and twelve ; hundred thousand pounds Annual Charge ; and a similar saving every year during the continuance of the war , unless the Right Honourable Gentleman , should charge further Loans on the War Taxes . But this is a very incomplete and inadequate view of the real pecuniary advantage . It will be evident to every gentleman that if the amount of the Loan is reduced , the competition to obtain it wilt be increased and the supply of Capital in the market more abundant , compared with the demand , and the sum to be raised will consequently be obtained on more favourable terms . The principle of this saving is perhaps not less certain than a mathematical demonstration , but the extent of its operation can only be calculated on hypothetical data , and it may not therefore be a proper subject for a distinct Resolution of the House . Every gentleman will form his own supposition : I will just mention one which seems to me supported by a strong analogy . In the year 1798 , when Mr. Pitt first proposed his system of War Taxes , the Loan was raised at an Interest of above six per cent . In 1800 , when they had been established two years , the Interest of the Loan but little exceeded four and a half per cent . Adding the one per cent . Sinking Fund to be provided on the Capital created , the total saving amounted to about two