every constitutional way . thought the motion irregular , as it contained no specific charge , nor had been introduced with any detail of circumstances or statement of facts . The question being put , the motion was negatived without a division . began by saying he anticipated some opposition to the 393 motion of which he had given notice . The idea of building the infirmary in an airy situation was suggested first by Dr. Moseley ; and the lands in question , of which lord Yarborough was then tenant , were , purchased for this purpose . Very shortly indeed after the purchase had been made by government , and before the surveyors had made their report , application was made by col. Gordon to become tenant to part of the lands . The report of the surveyors was , that the annual value of the part taken by col. Gordon was much diminished by having an infirmary built so near it . If this nuisance , however , was so great , he would ask , why col. Gordon was so early in his application , or why he chose that spot ? He must object to the whole transaction upon two grounds . The first was , that he thought , these lands ought not to have been leased at all to any individual : and his second objection was , that they were let on terms very inadequate to the real value . As to his first objection , he believed that it would now be confessed universally that a saving of 55l . per annum was no object to be put in comparison with the health and comfort of our veterans . The situation that had been fixed upon for col. Gordon 's house , would certainly never have been altered , if it had not been for the notice which had been first taken of the subject in that house by the hon . baronet ( sir F . Burdett . ) It had been stated , somewhat inaccurately , that the whole of this ground had been purchased from lord Yarborough , whereas , in fact , part of it had belonged to the hospital , and had been much dilapidated by what was called the improvements of col. Gordon . When the surveyors calculated in their report that col. Gordon was entitled to get at least six pounds per cent . on the 4,500l . he was found to expend , it did not , however , appear to him , that the surveyors had taken into their calculation what it was that the public were to gain upon this transaction . By some papers that were circulated by the friends of col. Gordon , it was stated , that he was at a most immense expence in keeping up a wall , which he was bound by his contract to keep in repair , and that this wall was to him like a pit that swallowed up the whole produce of the land . He was however informed , that as to the vast expence of keeping up this wall , there were many builders in this town that would be very ready to keep it in repair for ten pounds per annum . If col. Gordon 394 was really to be annoyed at the sight of old soldiers taking the air , he could not conceive why he chose to take those premises . He had made inquiries at Chelsea about the value of ground , and he was informed that many gardeners would have given 20l . an acre for such ground , even if it had not the advantage of being on the river . It appeared therefore that any common gardener would have given 80l . a year for what col. Gordon gave but 55l . Col. Gordon might , as soon as he got the lease , have lot it out at a profit . If the value of the land was said to be so depreciated from the contiguity of the infirmary , was not that a reason for not separating the land from