of requiring sureties for a length of time after the expiration of imprisonment . He quoted the declaration of the Bill of Rights against excessive bail , and unusual and cruel punishments , and concluded after a variety of other observations , a very argumentative and ingenious speech by protesting against the imputation of evil designs in this case , and deprecating such insinuations against the people of this country . The Counsel having left the bar , the Lord Chancellor rose , and briefly stated that he had no doubt on his mind re- 605 specting this question . Important as it was , it was not attended with much difficulty . It was his intention to move a question to be put to the learned Judges upon the subject . His lordship then moved , That a question be referred to the Judges for their opinion , Whether the court of King 's Bench could send any person convicted in their court at Westminster to any jail in England ? said , that having been unfortunately and unavoidably absent , and consequently not having heard the counsel who stated the case of the plaintiffs to the house , nor the answer of the Attorney-General , he should not give a vote on the present occasion ; but still there was a certain principle to which the house should conform , and it should proceed with the utmost regularity and deliberation to the decision of the point at issue before them , and particularly as to the severity of the punishment . He had always understood that it was a fundamental principle of the law of England that the parties were precisely on a level , that the scales of justice should be kept even , and that no improper questioning or application of motives should be tolerated in the counsel on either side.—The learned counsel for the prosecution had not charged the counsel for the crown with any improper motives ; but on the other hand he must say , that the counsel for the crown , one of whom he personally and highly respected , as a most diligent and able man in his profession , ( Mr . Solicitor General , ) had no right , at the bar of the house of lords , to impute improper motives to a counsel who came to perform his professional duty . The present was not a charge of cruelty , it was a charge of error ! and , according to an act of parliament passed in the first year of William and Mary , the Bill of Rights—it was , at least , an erroneous judgment . The 10th article of that important statute says , that excessive bail shall not be required ; nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted ! And would the Solicitor General say , that a thing done contrary to the prescriptions of this statute was not error , at the least . He did not mean to argue or to give an opinion upon the particular case before the house , but he thought before it decided it should have been better informed as to the precedents referred to in support of the arguments advanced at the bar , and that 606 the house ought to have laid before it an account of the different judgments which , had been given , touching the case , down to a certain period . With respect to the nature of the security required in such a case as the present , he could not help contrasting it with that of the persons who were some time since convicted of attempting to blow up the King 's Bench Prison , they were sentenced ; as the present parties before them , to three years imprisonment . But what was the security required of them for their good behaviour after the expiration of their imprisonment—of persons convicted of an offence in which the commission of deliberate murder must be contemplated ? None ; not to the amount of one shilling ! In a conviction of perjury , no later than