all its care , a fraud was practised upon it a few years ago , to an extent far exceeding any which has taken place in the various and complicated duties , that belong to government . But here again , to form a just estimate of what is due to ourselves , let us compare the practices of former times ; let us look to the abuses that existed in the time of the duke of Marlborough , in which he himself , as commander-in-chief of the army , was a participator . What was the conduct of Mr. Walpole , when secretary at war ? so late as in the seven-years ' War , similar practices prevailed to a degree which enabled our commissaries to start into rivalry with the most ancient and opulent families of the kingdom . In the American war they likewise existed , though not to so enormous an extent ; but in the present times the house has the satisfaction to know , that these evils have in all cases been mitigated , and in many completely restrained . Where our commissaries are within the control of government , they have executed their duty with singular purity and honour ; in Holland , in Egypt , in Hanover , in Spain : and if in the West Indies considerable frauds were practised in the year 1796 , effectual means of correction have now been adopted.—Did the proceeding of the house , not many nights ago , and the countenance given to the propositions of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Henry Martin ) , show an unwillingness to examine and amend whatever there be of evil in our institutions ? Did it not appear that the pensions and sinecures amounted to only a one hundred and eightieth part of our annual expenditure ? and was there not manifested , on all sides of the house , a disposition to retrench any part of this charge , which should on a fair examination appear superfluous ? Is it no proof of public virtue that a revenue exceeding 60 millions is collected at no greater expence than 2,700,000l . ; a less rate than is paid by many individuals in this house for the sale of their sugars , or is allowed by the Lord Chancellor to the 654 receiver of any landed estate under his authority ? Far from acknowledging neglect or criminality , I confidently maintain , that the conduct of parliament , in late years , gives it a great claim to the confidence and gratitude of the country , which our ancestors never possessed.—But it is said , that , on a late memorable occasion , parliament displayed the grossest proof of misconduct , of corruption , and of contempt of the sentiments and opinions of its constituents . So little am I disposed to regard this transaction in the same light , that I do not hesitate to assert , that when the passions of the people shall be so far abated as to enable them to take a calm and dispassionate view of all the circumstances attendant on it ; or were an intelligent foreigner required to pronounce upon it , it must be declared to be a case , which , beyond all others , manifests the power of the popular branch of our constitution . The son of our sovereign holding an office of the highest trust , which , by the acknowledgment of all mankind , he had discharged with eminent ability , put upon his trial by the unanimous voice of this house , on the accusation of a person very little known in parliament , and totally unsupported by any party . After a most patient and laborious investigation , where the chief evidence was a woman under the influence of jealousy and hatred , altogether destitute of character or morals , a personage so exalted in rank and dignity compelled to retire from his high situation , in spite of all the efforts of administration , aided and supported by such parts of opposition as had ever filled or entertained an expectation