considered , that it was intended in that instance to take a comprehensive view of the interests of the two countries . The period was not favourable for negociating an instrument so extensive as that must have been which would have provided for every possible relation . It would not have been fair to Spain ; for either Great Britain must have conceded gratuitously to Spain , or she must have asked in return what Spain had not at that time the power to give . Still , however , connected as the two countries were , was it not right that there should be a recorded document of that connection ? The relations of Great Britain to Spain were meliorated by this document . She was before bound to an indefinite extent to assist Spain , and to a definite extent to abstain from demanding a remuneration . It became absolutely necessary , with a view to our own interest , in some degree to define the principle of the connection between the two countries . When the—he did not know what to call it—a revolution , he thanked God , it was not ; an insurrection it certainly was not , for it was against no legitimate authority ; but on the glorious breaking out in Spain of the determination to resist French oppression , a British Order in Council was issued , declaring peace established between the two countries , and prohibiting any further captures from the Spaniards . He believed that every man in the country felt this to be a wise , just , and honourable act . But , at the same time , the British government had a right to say , that this abstinence from captures must be reciprocal . Nothing was more fit for them to ask , nor 472 more honourable for Spain to grant . Was this concession nugatory ? The fact was singular , that the only two cases of capture which had occurred , were captures made by Spain from Great Britain.—To proceed with the consideration of the Treaty ; the articles by which Great Britain was bound to acknowledge Ferdinand VII . or any subsequent legitimate sovereign of Spain , had been idly supposed to bind her to carry on the war for Ferdinand VII . or still more strongly to acknowledge Joseph Buonaparté , should he become a successful usurper . The only object of the article in question was the possible case of the extinction of the present royal branch of Spain , in which case it might become a doubt , in consequence of the Salique law , whether the Neapolitan branch , or the princes of Brazil should ascend the throne . It was not for this country to decide such a point , and it was therefore sound policy for this country to provide against the contingency of making the election . The next article in the Treaty was that by which Spain engaged to take precautions that her fleet should not fall into the hands of the enemy , and by which Great Britain engaged to assist her in that object . Amidst all that Spain had felt and suffered from French oppression , the Spaniards had never been disposed to admit the British troops or fleets into their naval arsenals . The offer had more than once been made by Great Britain , but in conformity to the principles on which the government set out , never in a tone of coercion . It had been declined ; and that refusal had been received by government , not with ill humour ; with great regret , but with a just deference to the judgment of those from whom it proceeded . It was held by the Spanish government , that standing as they did on the basis of public opinion , they might by the admission of the English into their ports , have given occasion to the common enemy to say , that the English , according to their usual practice , were availing themselves of the distressed state of Spain to seize the Spanish navy . It