. The evil to which the bill referred was long known to prevail , and after that confession by the house , what was the country to think if it should go forth that no adequate remedy could be provided ? After the confession was made , the house was bound to contrive some remedy . For could any thing more extraordinary be imagined , than that the solemn trust of legislation should be bought for money ; that it should become a matter of bargain and sale , and that such a thing should be publicly declared to a free country , accompanied by an admission that the evil was incurable ? This , however , he would not believe . What ! the sale of seats in that house should be notorious , and that the scandalous interposition of the Treasury to purchase such seats should be equally notorious , and yet that no remedy was to be provided ? It was impossible that the public could think the house sincere if it did not frame a measure calculated to put an end to those practices , not only on the part of the Treasury , but of individuals also , and that all members should be bound to swear at the table , that they did not owe their election to such practice ; subjecting to the most ignominious penalty any man who violated that most sacred obligation . congratulated the house on the advance they had made in this necessary measure , and the excellent effects likely to ensue from the clear mode in which the law had this night been laid down from high authority ( the Speaker ) . He expressed a strong wish that the 848 right hon . gent . had also given them the advantage of his ideas on the manner of carrying the law into effect by this bill ; particularly with respect to the Oath . He could see no difficulty in applying the Bill to the exclusion of patronage as well as of money , and had no objection to the clause of the Chancellor of the Exchequer with the addition of the words `` office , place , or employment , '' as subjecting to the penalty . considered this bill as of the utmost importance to establish the purity of election . But if no adequate provision could be made to guard against the undue influence of the Treasury at elections , the bill must be nugatory . The framing of such a provision he , however , did not think at all impossible . It did , indeed , appear a monstrous proposition , that the grant of any place or patronage for the purpose of improper influence at an election , could not possibly be provided against . If any such proposition could be bottomed upon sound sense , he would immediately call upon his hon . friend to abandon his bill . As to an action against any member who should violate the obligation proposed by the bill , he would ask , how could it be supposed less practicable to maintain such an action for any penalty than that already prescribed by law , against , for instance , any contractor who should become a member of that house ? With regard to the oath , he thought it essential to the object of the bill ; and he was also of opinion , that a clause should be introduced , subjecting to heavy penalties those who should dispose of patronage in any manner to contravene the spirit of such a measure . But his impression of the importance of the oath , as applying to such dark transactions , was such , that he would rather adopt the oath alone , than take all the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's clauses without the oath . had no objection to any penalty or imprisonment that might be proposed , to provide against the evil to which the bill referred , but he must deprecate the oath , because he thought that conscientious men might feel it difficult to take an oath which