of the owners of them . There was another point of view in which this bill might be of great political importance . It was a great public interest that the people of this country should not be depraved , and it was well known that cruelty to animals generally led the way to cruelty to our fellow-creatures . This was well described by our inimitable artist Hogarth , who traced the cruel murderer from the early tormentor of animals . He really believed this bill might be considered in a great degree as a bill for the prevention of cruel murders . defended the principle of the measure . declared himself friendly to the bill . The evil which it went to correct called for some interposition , and he could see no force in the objection that it came not within a legislative remedy . expressed an anxious desire that this measure , which exacted a new penal statute , and was avowed to be an æra in legislation , should be delayed until the house would be enabled to view * 1032 the nature and extent of its provisions in their respective bearings . After a few words from Mr. W. Smith and Mr. Windham , the house divided . For going into the Committee 40.—Against it 27 . The house then went into the Committee.—A conversation of considerable length took place , on the point whether the offence should or should not be deemed a misdemeanor , triable before a jury . Mr. D. Giddy , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Mr. R. Dundas thought it ought not to be such a misdemeanor , but that at all events the Committee should not at that time proceed further . Mr. Windham and Mr. W. Smith thought the chairman should report progress . Mr. Stephen thought the clause might stand , by adding a few words . Mr. Jekyll and Mr. Morris were of opinion the offence should be a misdemeanor . Mr. Lockhart observed , that as so much diversity of opinion prevailed at that late hour , he thought it right to move that the Committee be counted . A cry from the opposition side of No ; No . The Speaker said , that as an hon . member had moved that the house be counted—the rule of the house must be strictly complied with , and it was not in the power of the chairman of a Committee , or of the Speaker in the chair of the house , to put any other question after that motion was made . The house was accordingly counted , and there not being more than eighteen members present , the house adjourned . spoke to the following purport : —My lords , I rise for the purpose of proposing that your lordships should go into a committee or the whole house upon this bill , which has been introduced for the preservation of purity in election , and the prevention of sales of Seats in Parliament , by corrupt traffic . Before I proceed , my lords , to declare those general sentiments which induce me to admit the propriety of this measure , and before I state those grounds , which , in my opinion , render it necessary , and before I describe what the bill is , I shall , in the first place , pronounce what the bill is not . This measure does not in the least partake of the nature of what has been denominated Parliamentary Reform . It does not in- 1033 * terfere with , or profess to disturb , parliamentary representation . There is no person in this country , who has turned his attention to that species of reform , who has more than myself considered the dangerous consequences of such a system , if carried into effect . From long , deliberate and mature consideration , I am convinced that the disfranchisement of the smallest borough , would lead to consequences of a most pernicious nature , and would eventually destroy the constitution . But the bill before you has no such