be compensated for the loss of fees that must accrue from the alteration . They had , indeed , suggested the transferring those fees to another quarter , but one equally objectionable with that on which they were now imposed . supported the opinion of Mr. Dundas as to the deliberate caution with which any alteration should be attempted in legal proceedings so long established . He admitted that it was desirable to extend to Scotland the trial by jury , but this only provided it was agreeable to those most concerned , and who best understood the usage and feeling of the country . —Sir , The subject to which I am requesting your attention was under discussion in the session of 1806 . I must observe however , that , although it has been discussed , parliament has not been called upon to pronounce a direct opinion upon it . The motion then made for that purpose , was set aside on a point of form : my object is , to revive the question concerning the exemption granted to foreigners , holding stock in our funds , and not resident in the king 's dominions , and to place the property of such foreigners , upon the same footing with that of his majesty 's subjects . By an act passed in the 46 Geo . III . duties often per cent . were granted upon the dividends payable out of the public funds . In that act a clause was inserted , to exempt the property of foreigners residing abroad , from these duties ; by the returns from the tax office it appears , that the average of the annual amount of this exemption , is about 65,000l . exclusive of foreign property in bank stock , of which no returns are made . It will not be argued that a saving of 60 , or 70,000l . a year , to a country already in 1019 debt upwards of 600 millions , and in me enormous annual expenditure of 80 millions , is immaterial . It is only in comparison with our debts and our expences , that this , or any other saving , can be called inconsiderable ; even they who live on the public income have an interest in improving it , much more so have they , who are forced to pay it , who are harassed by the exaction , and crushed by the amount , of the taxes . The first question which presents itself is the policy of granting this exemption ; that is , whether the loss the revenue suffers , and the abuse and inconvenience which attends it , is compensated for by the inducement it offers to foreigners , to invest their property in our funds . In order to weigh this correctly , we must advert to the state of our funds : we shall there find , that the interruption of foreign commerce , and other circumstances connected with it , have diverted a great part of the commercial capital of this country from its usual channel , and that an influx of idle money is forced into the stocks , for want of better employment . This , Sir , with the constant demand created by the sinking fund , has produced such a rise in our stock market , that brokers find a difficulty in executing orders to any large amount , so much greater is the proportion of buyers , to that of sellers . In illustration of this I would bring to the recollection of the house , the terms on which the Chancellor of the Exchequer negociated the last loan , at £4 . 12s . 10d . per cent. , a rate of interest , as he justly expressed it , at which money has rarely been borrowed by the public . Why then it appears that we derive no advantage from inviting foreigners to invest in our funds : but if we did , is there any probability of our losing it ? Is any hon . member prepared to state where foreigners can deposit