indulge the vain hope of appeasing popular clamour by countenancing measures at this period , which , at no other , would be deemed wise or expedient . then moved that the debate be adjourned , and it was accordingly adjourned to Thursday next . * Mr. Burke . called the attention of the house to a subject which he considered of great importance , and requiring the application of a speedy and effectual remedy ; he meant the mode hitherto practised in the raising , expenditure , and accounting for the monies voted by the Grand Juries in the several counties in Ireland ; the latter particularly of which was become a mere form , and wholly inoperative . The evils arising from the multiplication of oaths were universally felt and acknowledged . In the case of treasurers for counties in Ireland the mode of accounting was merely upon oath , before a single magistrate , and was found to be wholly nugatory . By the bill which it was his intention to move to bring in , he proposed to correct this evil , by making them , instead thereof , to account regularly , in open court , before the Judge of assize ; which , he conceived , would prove a check upon them ; and also that they should give security for the trust reposed in them.—Another evil which he conceived to call for redress was the way public works were carried on . By the present system any work voted by a Grand Jury at one assizes was necessarily executed , and the accounts passed at the ensuing assizes ; this was attended both with fraud and imperfections in the execution of such work . The remedy he proposed for this , was a delay of a certain period of time , intervening between the execution of such work and the passing the accounts ; for the purpose of affording leisure both for examining into the work itself , and the accounts of the expenditure thereon . With regard to the levying the money necessary for the carrying on such works , he proposed that this should , in future , be fixed at stated periods , that so the persons called on might not be taken by surprise . He also promised to introduce into his bill a power in those interested to traverse either the work itself , or the accounting for it , by the means of civil bill , before the assistant barrister of the county , as a check before the passing the accounts.—As a further improvement , he proposed that in future all proceedings of Grand Juries , on all subjects relative to presentments , should become matters of record , by being entered on their books , for the inspection of future Grand Juries , thereby enabling them to 669 be acquainted with the past , and to be judges of the future . Another alteration he proposed was , the taking the power of passing the accounts altogether out of the hands of the magistrates , and placing it in those of the assistant barrister ; subject , however , to appeal to the Judges of assize . He further proposed that all persons undertaking any public work , should be compelled to enter into a recognizance for the due execution thereof . The present system upon that subject was radically bad ; by it , any person undertaking any public work , when finished , and his accounts passed , had no further interest in its preservation ; and thus , for the saving of a trifling expence , it probably went to ruin . To prevent this evil he proposed that Grand Juries should be obliged to contract with such persons to keep such works in repair for a certain period after the work was finished . It was not his intention to press the passing the bill he proposed into an act during the present session , but merely to have it printed , for the purpose of its being considered during the vacation , in order to its amelioration against the next