, in moving for the other papers , said , that he need not trouble the house with much farther observation . He denied , however , that the Infirmary would be cooped up in the manner described by the hon . baronet . He stated that the sum which had been paid to lord Yarborough , upon the report of the Surveyor , was 5,000l . but he saw no reason for calling for the documents . He concluded by moving for a Copy of the Letter of the Secretary of Chelsea Hospital to the Treasury , soliciting a grant of part of this ground for an Infirmary : for the Letter from col. Gordon for the lease , for the Warrant to the Surveyor to examine the ground ; for 45 the report of the Surveyor , and other documents to shew the course of ' the transaction . remarked upon the extraordinary nature of the proceeding in this case , where 5,000l . was admitted to have been given of four acres and a quarter of land , of which the quarter only had been assigned to the hospital , while the four acres were given to col. Gordon at 52l . a year . ( Hear ! hear ! ) This he thought a matter for serious inquiry ; for if the business was not a scandalous job , it had at least been conducted in a dark corner . stated at the bar , that the Admiralty had found it necessary to issue its Warrant to take rear admiral Harvey into custody , in order to stand his trial before a Court-Martial , under charges of a breach of naval discipline , exhibited against him by lord Gambier . As admiral Harvey was a member of she house , it had been thought a mark of just respect to state the circumstance , and lay a Copy of the Warrant on the table.—The Speaker ordered the Warrant to be delivered in at the table.—The clerk read the Warrant , which purported that the proper officer was to take admiral Harvey into custody , and to bring him before a Court Martial , to be held at Portsmouth on Monday the 1st of May next , or as soon after as a Court Martial could be assembled , to answer to charges exhibited against him by lord Gambier . It also intimated , that it was not the intention of the Admiralty that the confinement of admiral Harvey should extend any farther than he should give his honour to appear before the court . rose pursuant to notice , to move for copies of the Minutes of the Treasury , assigning an Official Residence in Downing-street to the President of the Board of Controul . If the fact was true that such a residence had been assigned , he was prepared to contend that it was against law . In the mean time he should content himself with moving for the Minutes.—He moved accordingly . admitted the fact , and stated that the house in question had been in the occupation of sir Charles Morgan , the late Judge-Advocate , who had been permitted to retain it after the resignation of his situation till the time of his death . A salary of 500l . a-year 46 had been granted to his successor in lieu of the house . When the house became vacant , it was thought that it was impossible to turn it to better purpose than to assign it as an official residence to the President of the Board of Controul , as an additional emolument to a most important office , the duties of which were very inadequately paid . He had no objection however to the production of whatever papers were necessary to illustrate this transaction.—The motion was then agreed to . rose pursuant to his notice of yesterday , to call the attention of the house to the merits of that part of the army and navy which had effected the conquest of Martinique . This ha stated was not the first time that the gratitude of parliament had been