their property with equal convenience , with equal advantage , or with any thing like equal security ? In fact , we are paying a high rate of interest to foreigners , for money which we can make no use of , with this additional injury , of paying that interest , not in exports , which might benefit our manufacturers , but in bullion , draining the country annually of nearly a million sterling in gold and silver . The exportation of bullion is a growing evil , and arrived at a height which calls for the serious attention of government . The next object for consideration , is , the abuse which attends this clause of exemption ; it is true the act has provided an oath , and a 1020 penalty , to guard it from fraud , but the temptation which the facility of evasion affords , and the difficulty , I may almost say the impossibility , of detection , renders it highly probable , that under the pretended name of foreign stockholders , considerable defalcations of revenue take place . I would ask for whom are we making these sacrifices ! For men who spend their property in other countries . It is curious to remark , if an alien resides in England you tax him , but , if abroad , you grant him an exemption . By this clause , you are taxing your friends to support your enemies , you tax your own subjects to throw it away upon foreigners , you harass the already over-burthened people of this country with an additional taxation of nearly 70,000l . annually , to make up the deficiency occasioned by this clause of exemption , which , as far as it goes , is a supply to the enemy ; you help to fill a spunge which Buonaparté squeezes at his pleasure . What is the return you meet with for this indulgence ? implacable confiscation of British property in every part of the globe . But , Sir , it has been argued , that the property of Foreigners in our funds ought not to be taxed , because the proprietors are not represented in parliament . The stockholders of this country have one common interest in the funds , and perhaps no property in this country is more fully represented : the Alien stockholder is in the proportion of about one to thirty . Can there be a doubt then that the property of Aliens in our funds , is virtually as efficiently represented , as if they were resident in this country ? What is the situation in which a foreign stockholder stands ? By becoming a purchaser in our funds , he places himself in the situation of the original subscriber , subject to the same conditions , liable to the same contingencies , standing precisely in the shoes of the party from whom he purchased . The incidental circumstance of an Alien 's purchasing English stock , neither can , nor ought to change the condition of the stock ; for , carry this to its full extent . Suppose the whole national debt was held by Foreigners , it would , under this clause of exemption , undermine the whole contribution raised by this tax ; that is , you must then pay the subjects of Buonaparté eleven or twelve millions a year , to help him to carry on a war , by which he hopes not merely to conquer , but to annihilate this kingdom . With regard to justice and good faith it may be insisted on , that the principle of 1021 exemption having been in fact admitted by parliament , has produced a confidence , which ought not to be disappointed . Sir , I would not betray any confidence , I would not break any faith , I would not take them by surprize , for , considering the Alien stockholder as a mere money lender to suit his own convenience , I would give him timely notice of the terms on which I would receive his money , leaving it to