that head , he begged to offer a few observations on a matter of domestic consideration contained in the Ways and Means for the present year . He meant the Lottery . Whoever had seriously considered the subject had agreed that it was one of the worst and last modes of raising money that could be resorted to . It was impossible to reprobate in too strong terms the impolicy and injustice of continuing the system of raising a revenue from lotteries ; after all the evils which they were known to occasion , the wretchedness , desperation , and suicide to which they led . He was astonished that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who was himself addicted to no vice of this description , could patronize such a measure , particularly when he considered all that was universally notorious with regard to its tendency and consequences ; when he recollected that Mr. Pitt had promised , that at the termination of the war , this odious plan of raising money should be abandoned for ever ; and , above all , when he read the Report of the Committee appointed to inquire into the subject . All palliations were of no avail to cure this evil . For before that Committee , he heard with astonishment , the inspector employed by government ( Wood ) avow , that if the nefarious practice of insurances so much complained of , and which so many laws were framed to correct , were not tolerated or connived at , lotteries could not go on . Such was the confession of the officer of government , appointed to check this nefarious practice , of which it shewed , that he himself was guilty in conniving at it . He would take the liberty of asking , whether this person , after such a confession , was still in office ? He did not ask with any view to submit a motion for his removal , because such a motion might alarm the country gentlemen , who might then determine to make their stand ( a laugh ) . If Wood were brought to the Bar , he would probably say , that he had not done more than others had done before him ; and it might be asked , why make any individual a victim for a mat-practice that was so general ? Perhaps it would be said , that it was as notorious as the noon-day sun , and therefore ought not to be punished ( a cry of hear ! hear ! ) . But these nefarious proceedings of insurances , & c. & c. which the Report to which he alluded so fully exposed , 547 were still going on . While laws were enacted to put a stop to `` Little Goes , '' the great `` Go '' was suffered to proceed without interruption ; nay , with encouragement . The poor , the desperate , and the vicious were shut out from the `` Little Go ; '' the `` Great Go '' invited and received them with open arms . Such a practice ought to be utterly extinguished ( aloud cry of move , move ! ) . It was idle raid ridiculous to pretend to stop the destructive consequences of either , while the language held out was neither more nor less than this : if you go to the Little Goes , you shall be punished , but if you come to the Great Go , you shall be safe . He was very unwilling to detain the house unnecessarily , but there was one melancholy instance of the mischief attending this immoral mode of raising money , which he begged leave to mention , and which was contained amongst others in the appendix to the Report to which he had already referred . A woman in the middle class of life had unfortunately being seized with this lamentable mania of making a fortune by insurance in the lottery . In adventuring upon this sea of chance , she made away with all the money she was possessed of for family