in the course of the debate . It pretended to raise the men for the completion of the militia , by taking the burthen off from the counties , and laying it upon the public ; this was a false pretence , for it would do no such thing . The bill provided the men might be raised by enlistment , at a bounty of twelve guineas , any time before June , 1810 ; and if the quota should not be raised before that period , it is then provided the ancient method of ballot should be resorted to ; so that all deficiencies should be supplied before the October following . Of course it was well known there was 20l . fine on the man ballotted , and 10l . more was permitted by way of bounty ; and if it should happen the substitute was not procured before October , there was an additional fine of 40l . on the county , so that it must be evident the bounty after June would be from 30l . to 70l . a man ; whereas before June it could be no more than twelve guineas . The consequence , from the nature of human reasoning , must be , every man would decline accepting the bounty for enlistment , knowing it would be much better for his interest to wait till this period should elapse . It was on this ground he 439 felt particularly hostile to the bill , because it pretended to do that which his majesty 's ministers must be convinced of themselves it could never effect . observed , that the most favourable point of view in which he saw the present measure , was from what had fallen from the noble earl who had just sat down , that it was not likely to effect what it pretended to do , the completion of the militia establishment . The present establishment was , in his mind , so radically wrong , that he had no desire to witness its completion . in rising to submit the motion of which he had given notice , observed , that , now the cabinet ministers had laid all the documents upon the table , on which they wished the house to decide upon their conduct , in the management of the most important trust that had ever been confided to any ministers , in direction of the most powerful resources which had at any period of our history been placed at the disposal of the government , for the purpose of assisting to promote the greatest object that had ever , in modern times , been presented for accomplishment , he conceived it to be his duty to call upon parliament for a distinct opinion upon the case : and though he should be short in what he had to say , yet he felt that he should stand in need of the whole , indulgence of the house . Whilst they had to lament that the efforts of the country had failed in the course of the campaign , they had , in the documents before the house , enough to satisfy them , that such failure was not attributable to those , to whom the immediate conduct of its operations had been confided . Upon these , that house had already conferred the highest honour which it was possible for a grateful country to bestow . To those , too , who fell in the contest , they had raised the proudest monument , the most lasting and enviable memorial , that a just sense of the most distinguished merit could dictate , or the most eminent services deserve . On the conduct of such persons , therefore , the house was not in this instance , to pronounce judgment . They were to decide upon those persons only whose incapacity and misconduct were the cause why even 440 British valour had failed of success ; why the energies of freedom , and the spirit of freemen , had been ineffectual in the arduous contest in which the country had engaged—by whose misconduct ,