from the enquiry in the present case . If the rumour was unfounded , the fallacy would be proved , and the country satisfied . could not see that the papers moved for would throw any material light on the subject . The number of those killed and wounded in a campaign , or the number who died subsequently , either of their wounds , or the fatigue of a very rapid retreat in the midst of winter , would not , of itself , imply any charge against the medical board , or medical assistants . The house should be satisfied , or at least have reason to believe , that there was some loss occasioned by this cause , before they instituted inquiry . It , however , any regular complaint was made of actual loss from either of those causes , he would allow , that it would be proper that there should be an inquiry . thought the motion was proper upon other grounds . If any unusual number of men were lost upon any expedition , it was necessary to find out the cause . If , instead of the blame attaching to the medical board , it was found to have proceeded from bad arrangements in the transport service , and from the manner in which they were embarked ; this also , though affecting ministers more than the medical board , was a proper subject of inquiry , and it was therefore necessary that the facts should be ascertained . said , he would not feel comfortable in negativing a motion which proceeded from an anxiety to inquire into any thing which concerned the lives or health of those concerned in expeditions . 344 He knew that in the administration of lord Melville , great improvements were made in the mode of embarking the troops , which improvements he supposed were still in force . He hoped , however , that if the motion were withdrawn , it would be perfectly understood that the subject would undergo a full inquiry out of doors . said , if there had been no particular inquiry hitherto upon that point , it was because be had never heard such a complaint made before ; and there was nothing on the face of the papers to lead him to suspect any fault in this department . As the subject , however , had been mentioned in the house , he should make it his business to inquire particularly . , in consequence of this promise of the noble lord , consented to withdraw his motion . rose to make his promised motion relative to the Affair of the Chesapeake . He had long wished to hear the question brought forward by some person of more weight in the house ; that hope had been disappointed , and circumstances did not allow the subject to be longer delayed . In a former negotiation to which this affair had led , ministers had shewn a disposition to make improper concessions . A renewal of the negotiation being probable , the interposition of the house became necessary , to prevent a sacrifice of our national honour , and with it our first national interest , the maintenance of our maritime preponderance . Nothing , he trusted , was yet irrevocably concluded , and an expression of the sense of the house might prevent the evil . Under these circumstances , it was the duty of the house to offer its advice , as the hereditary council of the crown ; and the house would not abandon that privilege and that duty , notwithstanding the novel doctrine lately broached , that no subject of discussion was fit to be entertained by the house , unless ministers had given their consent to the enquiry.—It was the more necessary to bring forward this discussion , on account of the misapprehensions which prevailed as to the real state of the case . It was a matter of notoriety , that admiral Berkeley having intelligence that certain British deserters were on board the American frigate , gave orders to demand their 345 restoration , and