with whom they contracted should be oppressed ; and was it not contrary to every principle of justice , that the reference to a court of law , should be at the option of one party , whose only motive in refusal must be the fear of being compelled to do justice to the other ? Not only was it an injustice to the individual , but an injury to the country . In the case of Wilkinson against the Commissioners of the Navy , when the defendants pleaded their exemption from legal process , lord Mansfield declared that nothing could be more dangerous to the public interests than such a plea ; for if once the precedent was to be established , no persons would be found to make contracts with government , with so little security for their fulfilment . Perhaps it might be urged , as it was to Mr. Palmer , by his counsel , that though no action could be brought against public officers , the complainant might appeal to parliament . Had Mr. Palmer brought forward such a motion as the present one , in the first instance , such an objection would probably have been raised ; but Mr. Palmer had appealed to parliament ; and it was because he could obtain no verdict , there , that he now appealed to the law . Had parliament decided against him , it would have been a hard case , considering the influence of that party with whom he was at issue ; but without dwelling upon circumstances , which he wished to forget , and admitting that the claims had been alike fairly discussed in both houses , and that they differed in opinion , was not the plan to be pursued that which would have been adopted in any other case , where two judges disagree in the adjustment of a dispute , to call in a third to decide betwixt them ? It had been suggested by some who voted in the last session against the withdrawing from the appropriation act the sum voted by this house to Mr. Palmer , that the most proper mode , and the one best suited to the dignity and privileges of that house , would be , to move an address to his majesty to pay the money , and that the house would make good the same ; but , however proper such a motion , it might probably create that difference betwixt the two houses , which the present one was calculated to prevent . At all events it must be less objectionable than former motions , which the house had acceded to . In the session before last , on the Bill for preventing the granting of reversions being rejected 699 by the lords , this house moved an address , not to grant them for a certain time ; which address was a direct contradiction to the sentiments of the other branch of the legislature . But the present motion could not , he thought , be so interpreted ; and he only hoped it might not be objected to , on the ground of being too conciliatory . He had anticipated all the arguments he was aware of against the motion ; but whatever inconveniences might be suggested , as the onus of bringing it forward , rested not with Mr. Palmer , but those who might obviate its necessity by granting the object it professed , he trusted the house would not suffer such objection to prevent their coming to a resolution , which the peculiar circumstances of the case demanded ; at any rate , he presumed , that no evil , anticipated from the motion , could be so great as the injury that would be done to the honour of the house , by refusing to an individual , whose public services stood acknowledged , and who complained of an injustice , that appeal to the laws of his country , which had ever been considered as the birthright of a subject of these realms.—Lastly , he had to observe , that it was a