all establishments ; I shall only say that it is an establishment called for by the voice of the country , and by the sense of this house ; that it is the description of force which , from its nature and composition , seems of all others , the least calculated to increase patronage , and to afford scope for profligate establishments ; that the hon . gent. , with his view of the subject , should have opposed the measure itself , when it was under the consideration of parliament , a course which I do not recollect him to have taken . But when parliament has directed this force to be provided , the executive government would be grossly remiss if it neglected to carry the law into execution ; and I am sure that it would be impossible to raise , embody , and officer , so large a force , without incurring the full amount of expence granted by parliament for this purpose . So long , therefore , as this force is maintained upon its present footing , the hon . gent , can not expect any saving to be effected . I shall not follow the hon . gent . through the details of all the other savings which he has proposed , because the house must have perceived that they all rest upon the same foundation—the mere assertions of the hon . gent. , that such and such establishments are useless , that such and such reductions may be effected . To such assertions so supported , or rather so totally unsupported , it is unnecessary for me to oppose any thing more than counter assertions ; though I can not help observing 1112 that all the services to which he has objected are annually brought under the consideration of parliament ; that provision is annually made for their support by the votes of this house : and that it is too much for the hon . gent , to expect that a mere declaration from him that such services are useless should be all the proof that parliament would require on the subject . In no instance does the hon . gent , condescend to explain either the principles of his retrenchment , or to give us any calculation by which he has ascertained the precise sum to be saved . Thus , in adverting to fortifications , he tells us that they are altogether unnecessary—that their present expence is 700,000l . per annum , but that 200,000l . would be sufficient . Can any thing be more loose in reasoning—more unsatisfactory in its result ? Why not take credit for the whole 700,000l. ? As all for tification is useless , on what data is it that the hon . gent , finds that 200,000l . per annum is the precise sum which ought to be appropriated to this unnecessary purpose ? Is not this trifling with the time and good sense of the house ? How far a system of fortification ought to form a part of the defence of this kingdom , is one of the questions upon which military men and this house have been most divided in opinion ; but the hon . gent , feels no difficulty in deciding upon it . In his view , all fortifications are useless ; but as 500,000l . will answer his purpose , he is generously pleased to allow us 200,000l . for the amusement of those who are of a different opinion . In the article of army clothing the hon . gent calculates upon a saving of 270,000l . per annum . This is a downright fallacy . The great coats for the army , and all the clothing provided by government , whether for our own forces , or for those of our allies , are procured by public competition , and as this is the very mode by which the hon . gent . proposes to effect his saving , it is obvious that no further abatement can be looked for upon these supplies . As to the clothing which every colonel furnishes to