that the sum of one million 972 and one half should be paid to the East India Company in liquidation of this debt , leaving a balance of only 419l . due from government to the Company . In the annual account of the East India Company just printed , I find inserted as part of the Company 's assets , a statement of , `` By what due from government 960,000l . '' It is true this charge is stated with this comment `` that the Committee in their report having suspended for further examination such parts of the Pay Office demands as have been objected to on the part of the Company , the account is still open for further investigation . '' Sir , the fact is this , in the account signed by the authorized agents of the parties , two Items are admitted upon estimate , which necessarily is subject to revision ; and one charge was suspended altogether , and very properly suspended , because the Pay Office accounts were not in that state of correctness necessary to conclude them , leaving that head of course open for further adjustment : But , Sir , I well remember when the million and half was voted in liquidation of the debt from government to the East India Company , an hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Whitbread ) put a question to the right hon . the President of the Board of Controul , Whether that account so settled was to be considered as final , and conclusive ? and he was answered in the affirmative . I have taken this opportunity of mentioning this circumstance , lest such a paper suffered to remain upon the table unnoticed , may hereafter be taken advantage of . Another circumstance , I would mention , is , that various letters which I have received from India , concur in stating the discontents of the Company 's officers , and the disaffection of the native troops . This is principally attributed to a system of foisting king 's officers into the native corps , persons unacquainted with their language , and unused to their customs . At Bombay it was intended to mount additional cavalry , and it was ordered to be officered by king 's officers from Madras : this excited such resentment on the part of the Company 's officers , and such discontent amongst the native troops , to whom their officers were endeared by long services , and with whom for their gallant conduct at Bhurtpoor , they had received the thanks of lord Lake ; that Mr. Duncan , the governor of Bombay , prudently withheld the publication of the order , and remonstrated with the government of Bengal on the subject . It has also been stated to me , that an order has 973 been issued for drafting off annually from every grenadier battalion 12 picked men , in order to form a crack corps . To the hon . Chairman ( Mr. Grant ) it will be unnecessary to expatiate on the mischiefs which may result from such measures . I had hoped that the mutiny at Vellore , at the same time that it afforded an aweful , would also have afforded an instructive lesson , of the absurdity of inforcing British regulations , upon Indian armies . On that occasion the lives of near a thousand men , of whom upwards of two hundred were British soldiers , were sacrificed to a turban and a whisker ; if that pernicious folly had not been stopped , your whole native army would have been lost by it : If such a lesson and such an example be disregarded , are you equally indifferent about the consequence ? I am sorry to observe , that in this house very few know what is doing in India , and I fear very few care . admitted that he had allowed that the account between the Company and the public had been closed , with respect to the articles which they had under their consideration . Still , however , the