with France , he should , of course , regret to see a great nation like Austria attempt to seek it by tame submission and dastardly acquiescence . Whatever the present situation or future fortunes of Austria might be , his opinion was , that as the 549 French Ruler was resolved upon her destruction , her fate would not be aggravated by the course she had taken . Upon the whole he thought Austria acted wisely in taking up arms , though he would not have thought it wise on our part to advise it . observed , that the right hon . Secretary had , for the first time since his right hon . friend came into that house , paid him a compliment this night . What ! was it to be understood that there was a Treaty of Subsidy with his right honourable friend ? assured his hon . friend , that he valued not such Subsidy ! His object in rising before was Merely to correct what he thought a nisconception on the part of his hon . friend ; by charging upon France the bad faith which he attempted to fix upon the counsels of Austria . could not help adverting to the astonishment expressed by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) how the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had been prepared to discover the good faith of Austria , and the bad faith of France . For his part , he was rather surprized that the hon . gent . who had no doubt on the one side without any evidence whatever , should express so much astonishment at any difficulty felt by those who were of a contrary opinion . He presumed the hon . gent . took his faith from the Papers of M. Champagny . On the other subject spoken to by the hon . gentleman , it was not his intention to argue it this night . The hon . gent . had said it might meet with an abler advocate : that he denied . The house had seldom or ever felt an argument come more forcibly home to their feelings ; nor was it possible that the subject could ever be in more able hands . It would be for the house on some future occasion after this night to determine if the Lottery should ever again form part of the Ways and Means of the year . It should not , however , be taken for granted , because the guards against improper practices in Lotteries had once failed , that they must always fail . He was satisfied it was not to the Lotteries but to the Insurance that the objection lay . He did not say , that for the sake of a revenue of 300,000l . a year , the house ought to give their sanction to any thing immoral or productive of evil ; but , at the same time , he was not for abandoning a financial resource of this kind without trying whether some measure might not be devised to remedy the evils resulting from it . All he wished 550 was , that no vote should take place on the subject this night . could not rest satisfied without expressing upon this subject an opinion formed alter much enquiry and consideration . He thought the speech of the hon . gent . on the floor , ( Mr. Whitbread ) the most forcible appeal he had ever heard made to that house . He agreed , that when we looked to the widely extended ravages of war , the evils arising from Lotteries might be thought of little importance ; but when the vice was seen to have spread through every situation of common life , it seemed to him to be utterly astonishing that it could be defended . He should not press the matter at present . The right hon . gent . said , he should put a stop to the mischief by abolishing insurance ; and he was sure his right hon . friend persuaded himself of that