having- any information upon the subject , to make a conjecture , the order had been given by the person having a right to the possession of the ground . If any order had been given to exclude members of parliament , it would have been both improper and foolish . But when it was considered how pointedly public attention had been lately drawn to this piece of land , within a mile and a half of this metropolis , it would be obvious how desirable it must be to keep out the great number of persons who might wish to visit the place . He did not think it expedient that a case of this description should day after day continue to occupy the attention of the house , when the most that could be said in the worst view that could be taken of the case was , that there might have been some irregularity in the inferior agent employed in the progress of the transaction . observed , that this was only the second time this subject had been under discussion . The effect of the first discussion had been that the scite of the house had been changed ; and the advantage that would result from the second would be , that the bar placed against the admission of members , by some invisible hand , would now be removed . He had heard from the nearest relation of the noble lord , that he wished to get a renewal of his lease , but that ministers refused , and stated , that they wanted the 111 whole for the use of Chelsea Hospital ; and a pretty application they had made of the land , in appropriating one quarter of an acre to the hospital , and giving the whole of the remainder to an officer not at all connected with it . As our military establishment could not be expected to be diminished , the means of extending the hospital should be kept undiminished : The hon . baronet , who had brought forward this subject , therefore had done well for the public interest . justified his hon . friend ( Sir Oswald Moseley ) in having stated the report , which he had heard , that the order of exclusion had been given by the Commander in Chief , which he had done only to give the right hon . gentlemen opposite an opportunity of contradicting the rumour if they could . He had risen , however , to ask whether the grant of colonel Gordon had been perfected , so as that by law it could not be avoided ; because if so , colonel Gordon having the right to the land , might still erect his house in the very situation , which , it was allowed on all hands , would be inconvenient for the hospital . [ It was here stated across the table , that the agreement and grant were conditional that no house should be erected in a situation inconvenient to the hospital . ] Well , then , the attempt to erect a building in such a situation was a violation of the condition , and no inquiry had taken place respecting it , until the subject had been brought under the consideration of the house by the hon . baronet , not then in his place . The secretary to the treasury , too , had stated on a former night , that the whole of the ground was such , that a house could not be built upon any part of it , except the spot which had been chosen for the intended house ; and yet it now appeared that another situation fit for building upon could be found upon the land . had only stated , that a great part of the ground could not be built upon ; he had not , nor could he have said , that it was such that the proposed building might not be removed a little to the right or to the left of the situation first marked out . felt himself bound in