tend to the prevention of so many breaches of the conjugal vow . At the same time he could not refrain from noticing that one injurious consequence would result from that proposition becoming a standing order . It would eventually happen that cases would arise when it might be absolutely necessary or desirable that the order should be dispensed with . This would produce a very unpleasant inference , that favour was shewn in particular cases . He would rather have wished , that some general law could have been adopted , from which it would in no instance be necessary to deviate . entertained the same sentiments on this subject as he had before expressed . His lordship could not perceive how the great cause of morality could be effectually promoted by such a measure . The sum of 4,000l . seemed enormous in such a case ; but if it were necessary to incur such expences , he should rather say that something should be done to make the matter more equal to the lower classes . He wished as much as any noble lord to diminish offences of this description , which had such baneful consequences , and was willing to do any thing in his power to carry into effect any measure for that purpose , as far as the mild and benignant spirit of our laws could be kept in view . But would morals be promoted by taking away almost the only chance of reforming and amending the life of the female ? If noble lords would look at the instances of such persons divorced , who did not marry , and compare hem with those who subsequently married , they would find a very great difference . Some unfortunate ladies had displayed , after their faults , a character that might even be called exemplary . He thought such a measure rather encouraged seducers , by taking away all remedy for misconduct . It certainly tended to make the woman a mistress in future and not a wife , and to shut up the door to repentance and reformation . He had a sincere desire to repress the evil , but he had a firm conviction that the prohibition had a tendency rather to increase it . He hoped to see something better proposal than a measure which , in its operation , might become so severe and cruel . , after some 331 prefatory observations , said , that though he was not so fortunate as to hope by this measure to extinguish this great crime , yet he was happy to adopt any practical mode of preventing the facilities to the commission of adultery . It was , he lamented to say , very seldom that he could see their lordships ' table pure and clean from the pollution of divorce bills , now becoming daily more frequent . So common indeed were they , that , to use the words of an old author , they seemed to be considered as the proper fruits of marriage . There was , he feared , hardly a pedigree that was not stained and broken by this sad frequency of crime . It was impossible that such things could last long . Marriage was , in fact , the basis of all our relations and duties in social life . It began with the creation , and it remained in the rudest elements of society . Its importance and sanctity were recognized by the universal consent of mankind . In this country , indeed , we did not exalt it into a sacrament ; but we regarded it justly as a sacred institution . It was both a civil contract and a religious rite . His grace reviewed the state of matrimonial obligations among the Romans , and shewed , from a variety of illustrations and quotations , the immense importance of guarding them from the intrusions of licentiousness . The misery that the crime of adultery caused to families was of the most serious nature . There was one result of such criminality , which it was the highest duty and soundest