6,5001. for each receiver ; a sum considered to be necessary to enable them to meet the demands to which they are liable for the public service , under the authority of acts of parliament ; so that their profits will not be found to be more than adequate to the trouble , and especially to the responsibility of their situations as public accountants ; to the risk to which they are exposed , and the immense securities they are required to give to the public . With respect to the balances in the hands of the parochial collectors , stated by the hon . gent , to amount to 380,000l . is he not aware that these collectors are not servants of the public , nor under any controul of the treasury , but appointed by the district commissioners ? These balances are probably arrears due by the respective parishes on their several assessments . In some instance , a delay of payment is unavoidable unless the commissioners , in whom is vested the power of enforcing it , should resort to measures of extreme severity ; but as government can not interfere with the collectors , in no case can these arrears be ascribed to the negligence of office ; and with respect to the commissioners , they are certainly intisled rather to our thanks for their gratuitous services and zeal , in aid of the efficient collection of the taxes , than to censure for occasional indulgence to parties , who from a temporary pressure , maybe somewhat in arrear . The hon . gent . has correctly stated , from the annual printed account , that the total charge for the collection and management of the revenue is 2,800,000l . but , according to what calculation he assumes that 1,000,000l . might be saved in this charge I am at a loss to conjecture . It is true that the hon . gent , states that the revenue might be collected at the rate of three per cent , instead of 4l . 12s . 9d . the 1118 present rate . Here again we have nothing but the bare assertion of the hon . gent . Just as well might we have said two per cent . or even any lower rate ; in point of reason , one assertion is as good as the ether ; and for any purpose of impression out of doors ( for I can not believe such a mode of argument will have any weight here , ) that assertion which promises the largest saving would probably best serve the hon . gent 's views of reform . The hon . gent . has discovered , however , that in Scotland the rate of management and collection is higher than in England ; and he at once concludes that the difference grows out of some abuse . In this he betrays his total ignorance of the subject . How can he suppose , that in one part of the country , poor and thinly peopled , a small revenue can be collected at the same rate as a much larger sum is in another part of the country , of a totally different description ? Does the hon . gent . suppose that the revenue of a Welsh county or a Highland district , for instance , is collected at the same rate as that of Middlesex ? I can not quit this part of the subject without observing that the hon . gent . appears altogether to forget , that this sum of 2,800,000l. , stated to be the charge for the management of the revenue , includes many services and expences which do not belong properly to the mere collection of the taxes . For instance , the whole establishment and expense of the post-office , which in one view ought to be considered rather as an undertaking of the first importance to the comforts and interest of every class of society , paid for by every man in proportion to the use and advantage he derives from it , and leaving a profit to the state