proved to have been practised ; and in very few was it even alleged . When there exists such manifest proof of the amended state of our representation , when our laws have been so far effective , it is a little too much for the hon . mover of this Bill to propose to us to enact new and severe laws for the purpose of correcting bribery . This part of his bill is , at least , unnecessary ; it is in absolute contradiction to the evidence before us , and seeks to remedy an evil , which is proved to be sufficiently restrained by the laws now actually in being.—But the hon . gent . complains , that the landed interest has lost its preponderance , and that the influence of the monied interest is now too great ; an evil which he hopes to cure by the present bill . I would , remind the hon . gent. , that this complaint is not new ; that it has existed in all times ; and was never more loudly urged , than in those times of purity to which we are referred , ? —the times of king William ; then also was it attempted to set up a distinction between the monied and the landed interest , with as little success as , I hope , will attend the present effort . The hon . gent . deems this mischief to have prevailed chiefly since the year 1784 ; and even the right hon . gent. , ( Mr. Windham ) , whose opinions I much admire on all other points , seems to think , that , by the transactions which then occurred , a great change was produced in our constitution . I agree with that right hon . gent. , that a great change did then take place ; but it was a change not injurious to the popular branch of the constitution ; it was the triumph of the popular part of the constitution over the house itself . In adopting Mr. Fox 's East India bill , and by the measures it afterwards pursued , to restore Mr. Fox and lord North to his majesty 's councils , parliament acted in direct opposition to the feelings and sentiments of the people ; and we need not be astonished , that in the result of the conflict it was defeated . The alteration resulting from that transaction , and the change of representatives in so many places , which ensued upon the general election , consisted , not in any preference for the monied interest , as contrasted with the landed interest , but in moderating the strong spirit of party which before prevailed in the house and the nation . And here I must permit myself a very short observation , on the anxiety gentlemen manifest to profess themselves party- 660 men , and to contend that it is the best and most honourable conduct that can be pursued in parliament . It is not , however , to discuss the question , but to profess my own conviction , that public duty is far better discharged by an imitation of the member for Yorkshire , ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who , keeping his mind entirely free from all party bias , is ever ready to throw the great weight resulting from his talent and integrity into that scale , which is in danger of being forced from its proper balance.—Waving , however , further observation on this point , it can not be denied , that , if party must exist , it is highly desirable it should exist in the most mild and moderated form . This I consider to have been the fact in a remarkable degree since the year 1784 , and the reason is evident : If , on the one hand , difference of principle among parties would seldom lead to danger or violence , were it not united with a difference of interest among the individuals of which parties are composed ; so , on the other , party , when proceeding