, or an uncle and a nephew . I do not deny but Mr. Reding meant to derive considerable advantage from the transaction , but I assure the house it never entered into my mind , nor I am confident into that of lord Clancarty . As I did not want the seat alluded to by Mr. Reding for myself , I sent his letter to lord Clancarty , and the only conversation he had with him , was his inquiring who was the person disposed to retire from parliament , and finding he could not get that information from him , he broke off the transaction . The negotiation never having been resumed , it was evident that the bartering of a writership for any corrupt consideration , was 220 as foreign from lord Clancarty 's mind , as it was from mine . As to the case of Mr. Davis , the fact is , I never saw that person in my life ; although it is said , he called upon me in Downing-street , in consequence of a message from my porter , in answer to his note . If my porter told him , as from me , to go to my office in Downing-street , I must have supposed him to be Mr. Davis , a member of this house ; but when I found who he was , I wrote to him , that he could not do me a greater favour than to expose the whole transaction . This is all I know of Mr. Davis , and I never saw him in my life in Downing-street or elsewhere.—The noble lord has brought a particular charge of criminality against me , from the official situation which I held as President of the Board of Coutroul , alledging , that this criminality is particularly aggravated from this additional consideration , that I did make use of the influence which I possessed in consequence of that situation , to promote the election of a member of parliament . The appointment of the higher offices in India is vested , no doubt , in the Board of Controul , but with the inferior appointments this Board has officially no connection , as it was supposed by the legislature that the power of such appointments would devolve too great a share of influence on the Crown , and for that reason had the inferior patronage been broken down , and parcelled out among the directors . Of a Writership , therefore , I could not have officially disposed , as such an appointment was not within my official province . From the situation , however , which I held , I had no doubt a degree of influence , but that influence was not of an official nature , and rested entirely with the person legally authorized to recommend.—This influence was not of my creating ; I found it existing when I succeeded to the office , and considered it merely as an act of grace and favour arising naturally perhaps from the situation , but a patronage by no means officially in the hands of the President of the Board of Controul . For that portion of influence , therefore , I can not in justice be considered as responsible , not having exercised it in my official capacity . So far is this portion of patronage from being official , that it is often enjoyed by a person who has been once in office , even after he is no longer President , as a right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Tierney ) , I have no doubt , has experienced . This at least I have found to be 221 the case even after my connection with the Board no longer existed . This influence may be easily accounted for from the habits of friendship , and the circumstance of having been so intimately connected with the Directors , and was not less official than that supposed to be enjoyed by the existing President of the Board . In either situation , I confess , it is a duty to make