I fear this passage in Mr. Frere 's letter is applicable to a much larger description of country , than gen. Moore could have passed . Gen. Moore could have seen nothing of Spain but what was to be seen on his march from Portugal to Salamanca . But Mr. Frere describes a much larger portion of country , and I suspect that there is an omission in this letter , in order that it may appear as if Mr. Frere was writing as to the small district between Leon and Salamanca , and not as to the whole Leonese . If Mr. Frere should have expressed himself with regard to such an extensive portion of country , stating , that throughout the whole of it there was a want of energy and exertion , then I ask what credit can be given to his majesty 's ministers , for deliberately holding out to the people of England , such sanguine hopes of the ultimate success of the exertion of the people of Spain ? I know not upon what authority his majesty 's ministers could have considered themselves as justified in the statements they made at the time ; conscious as they must 127 have been of the contents of the official documents which we have before us . But their information was not confined to the statements of British officers and agents ; all the information they received was of the same description . I would refer your lordships to the proclamations of the Governments of the two Castiles and Leon , and the proclamations of general Romana after the defeat of general Blake , complaining of the want of every thing necessary to enable him to resist the enemy . I would refer you also to the statement of general Castanos , who gives the same accounts after the defeat of Tudela , and states the frequency of desertion in his army . How strongly is this confirmed ? —We find that the whole united force of the principal armies of Spain , the army of general Blake , the army in Estremadura , and the army of Arragon , instead of amounting to 400,000 men , was not equal to the army with which the French began their attack in August : and I have authority for stating that the army of general Blake never exceeded 30,000 ; that the army in Estremadura was not more than 12,000 ; that the army of Castanos , which was said to amount to 80,000 , never exceeded 26,000 ; ill cloathed , and ill provided with every necessary to enable them to keep the field ; that his army , including the army of Arragon , did not exceed forty thousand , and was composed of men of all descriptions , deficient of supplies , arms , and accoutrements , and labouring under all the disadvantages of new-raised levies.—When we have these things before us , are we not called on to exact a severe account from ministers , and to oblige them to shew that they had some better means by which they could expect to oppose a successful resistance to the ambitious views of France , than any of those of which we have hitherto heard ? I know I shall be told that it was by these new levies general Dupont was defeated , that Saragossa was defended , that the French were repulsed from Gallicia , and Joseph Buonaparté driven from Madrid . That an ebullition of enthusiasm and spontaneous resistance on the part of the people of Spain , broke out at once , is not to be disputed ; but , it was stated in a letter from the Secretary for the War Department , that it was not a sudden ebullition of rage that was to be looked to , upon the continuance of which we could not depend with certainty , but that it was a persevering spirited feeling of patriotism , which , 128 as stated in this letter from lord Castlereagh , was not to be intimidated by threats or seduced by compromise ; a spirit which was