Mr. John Mortlake , a banker , and resident at Cambridge . This gentleman was receiver-general of the post-office , with a salary of 800l . per annum. , and had a deputy , a Mr. Bowden , at a salary of 500l . a year , though by the 9th Anne , chapter 10th , officers of the post-office were prohibited from interfering in elections.—The next borough he should mention was that of Queenborough . The influence of this borough was divided between the ordnance and the admiralty . The amount of the salaries of the places held by the freemen of the borough under the ordnance and the navy boards was annually 2,368l . So that the public money paid to the electors of Queenborough , during a parliament of seven years or sessions , independent of other sorts of influence , amounted to no less a sum than 14,576l . Not to mention that the boroughs of Westbury and New Romney were openly sold for money.—But of all the various corruptions and abuses ; of all the fatal misapplications of the public money , none he thought so imperatively called for an immediate check as the corrupt interference to which he had already alluded , exercised by the Treasury , to procure the return of members to that house.—This , continued Mr. Madocks , is poisoning the fountain of health . The only quarter to which we can look for the prevention or redress of other corruption . What , Sir , can be more fatal than to suffer any thing to vitiate the legislative , inquisitorial , and remedial branches of the constitution ; it has been always held , in all periods of our history , that any corruption practised by individuals to obtain seats in this house , is an offence against the constitution , and laws have from time to time been enacted conformably to that principle ; but for the executive power to attempt to corrupt the legislative , has been considered as most fatal , and your Journals and Resolutions proclaim the enormity of such offence in the eye of the constitution . Treasury influence , from the various shapes it assumes , may , in its nature , be divided into several classes ; but that the most alarming and obnoxious is where public money is made instrumental to the return of members to this house , either by actually buying or selling seats with money , or by applying annually part of the taxes taken out of the pockets 492 of the people towards the keeping up a corrupt influence in the boroughs which return members at the nomination of the Treasury , while those members again pay a certain sum of money to the Treasury for their seats , which money is carried to a certain fund , and then doled out to carry elections in other places.—But , Sir , having enumerated these cases , which , in my opinion , ought to be submitted to a Committee to examine , sift , and regulate , I now come , Sir , to a case of what I consider as aggravated in the extreme , and one that calls for an immediate investigation at your Bar . I mean , Sir , the case of the borough of Cashel in Ireland , in all the transactions relating to which at the last general election , and since that time , it will be found that the Treasury have conducted themselves not only directly in the teeth of your Resolutions , but have exercised an influence beyond all parallel , and have not only violated the constitution in the most unequivocal manner , but , have inflicted signal injustice on a most honourable individual , because he had too strict a sense of propriety to vote against his conscience , and what he felt to be his right line of duty . The conduct of the hon . gent . to whom I allude , has in this instance been so strikingly correct , manly and upright , that I am confident he will meet with , as