that purpose . But it was the manner in which that object was now attained that he complained of , as directly leading to abuses ; because it enabled the heads of departments to superannuate whom they pleased ; not by an order of his majesty in council , not by warrant under the sign manual , but by virtue of a power exercised by the heads of departments , to grant pensions to whoever they thought proper . To correct this practice , therefore , could not be to interfere with the king 's prerogative.—There was also a class of pensions granted under the sign manual , which , because greater in amount , was a greater grievance . This class was supported out of the funds produced by the sale of Old Stores . It was impossible that when naval stores had been granted by parliament for the public service , they should ever cease to be the property of the public , or become a source of revenue to his majesty . Upon this head therefore , it was his intention to propose a specific Resolution , in order to prevent in future such a misappropriation of a public fund . It would be quite another question , how the persons now provided for from that fund should be otherwise provided for ; but the practice was unconstitutional , and should be put an end to.—There was one head , denominated allowances in the nature of Pensions , which so much resembled pensions , that he could not distinguish them ; and if this denomination had been adopted with a view to get rid of the limitation of the pension list imposed by Mr. Burke 's bill , he was sure the house would feel the necessity of putting a stop , or at 417 least of establishing some limit , to the practice . The amount of these pensions , out of the royal bounty , out of the Fee Funds , out of the Ordnance allowance , and out of the Lord Chamberlain 's Office , exceeded 56,700l . whilst the allowances in the nature of pension ? , of the same description charged upon the civil list , amounted to 42,000l. , making together nearly 99,000l ; being more than it was possible to have granted under the provisions of Mr. Burke 's bill.—It was barely necessary for him to state the nature and extent of this branch of public expenditure , to convince the house of the propriety of an inquiry how far retrenchment might be practicable.—He came next to a most important head , that of Sinecures and Offices executed by Deputy , which in England alone amounted to 242,355l . per annum . In the colonies particularly those taken from the enemy , there were several which had not been returned , and consequently it was evident that the sum stated in the Report must be less than the actual expenditure under this head . This sum included all the offices under the head of sinecures of offices executed by deputy , and those of the courts of law.—But here he must observe , that it was not his intention to submit any Resolution upon the subject , that could immediately affect the interests of those who held these offices . He could not , however , avoid calling the attention of the house to a passage of a Report which had been made by a Committee upon offices of this description , towards the close of lord North 's administration . The passage stated , that where bona fide duties were attached to an office , it became a freehold to the possessor if he held it for life , but if he derived a stipend only from the office , without any duty to perform , it could not be considered as a freehold . The Report , too , added , that it was the maxim of our ancestors that when an office became a sinecure , it was in fact , vacated . The Report then went on to state , that in such times ( a