464 would be instrumental in effecting a junction between the British and Spanish armies . The noble lord , in this , was more poetical than practical . With the enthusiasm of the poet , he expected to `` Spread the soft intercourse from soul to soul , `` And wait a sigh from Indus to the pole . '' He expected to transport his force instantly to the place in which it was necessary to have it actively employed , without any previous arrangement or previous approach . The noble lord said that his noble friend had arraigned him unjustly , in saying , that the march of sir John Moore , or his subsequent retreat , was influenced by his and Mr. Frere 's correspondence . With respect to Mr. Frere , he observed that he ( lord Castlereagh ) had said nothing in his defence , leaving that perhaps to another advocate more competent to defend him ; but after the angry , mandatory , impatient , reproachful and upbraiding dispatches which sir John Moore received from that gentleman , no one could say that sir John Moore 's conduct was not influenced by him ; besides , could the noble lord forget his own Instructions to sir John Moore ? He cautioned him to pay the `` utmost deference and respect '' to his communications ; and after this , did he mean to argue , that the letters of Mr. Frere had no influence upon the conduct of that officer ? It was said , that sir John Moore in his dispatches took but a mere dry military view of the question ; but his view was as comprehensive as it ought to be , and no man would agree with the noble lord in that opinion of him . The noble lord had also said , that a great consolation remained to us yet—that what they had heard of the coldness of Spain in her own cause , was untrue . In the particular part to which the army was sent , he admitted that this coldness might have existed , but no where else.—in no other portion of the country , according to his representation , was zeal or spirit wanting . This was certainly a most extraordinary circumstance , that when an army was sent , which was ready to die for the inhabitants at the time and in the place to which it was sent , the impression should be weakest amongst them , and the principle of resistance most difficult to discover or to inspire . The noble lord , in stating this , had the merit of introducing a perfect novelty to the house . The noble lord admitted , that we experienced sows loss , though he says it was much less than was generally represented . For himself , 465 he had such a veneration for the soldiery of this country , that he could not contemplate the death of one without painful emotions . But they were told , that in the present instance the loss was not without its consolation , for it had brought an addition of character to the country ; it had proved to the world , that we fought the cause of Spain alone ; that we did not pursue any little hidden interest made under the sanction of her name and the justice of her cause . This certainly was true : it was manifest to the world that we afforded Spain a generous assistance ; but was this a matter for ministers to make a boast of ? Were they to take the credit of it to themselves ? Would the noble lord have ventured to advise his majesty to a contrary conduct ? He would not . So that the only merit he could claim was that of having forborne to do what neither he nor any other man alive would dare to do . The noble lord said , that every step was taken that could be taken to procure information ; but here the noble lord pronounced his own panegyric . What did sir John Moore