seized upon so large a portion of the money which passed through their hands , that two out of the five , after a few months , abandoned their professions . Three out of the five , I believe , were merchants ; they , certainly , did not abandon their professions : one was an East India captain : the other was a lawyer . The East India captain might , I should have thought , have foreseen , at the very outset , that the continuance in his profession was incompatible with the duties of such a situation ; for it is manifest that a gentleman could not sail across the ocean to India and back again , and at the same time execute his duties in Broad-street : 310 with regard to him the pretence of abandoning a profession after a few months of experiment , is frivolous beneath notice . Mr. Bowles was a lawyer , and , if I am not much misinformed as to the state of his practice , he might very easily have satisfied all his clients and executed all the duties of his commission without the smallest interference with their interest . But , Sir , I am not at all surprized that this gentleman should have abandoned his profession after a few months , for we see by the Report , that within a very few months the Commissioners had appropriated to themselves no less a sum than 25,000l . Why , Sir , this must have been as unexpected to Mr. Bowles as the 20,000l . prize was to the apothecary ; but he might sing with Mr. Lenitive , `` My gown and my wig `` I 'll hang upon a peg : `` I am all for the Publico Bono . '' It may fairly be asked of these two gentlemen , why , when they chose that the public should pay for this relinquishment of their ordinary pursuits in life , they did not chuse to consult that body from whom they exacted such payment ? There are two parties to such a bargain ; and at least it became them to have asked that party which was to pay , whether the thing to be obtained was thought worth the price . Upon this the Committee have ably remarked , and I thoroughly agree with them in opinion , that , under this head , the two gentlemen in question are entitled to no remuneration whatever.—Sir , the history of the question put by Mr. Pitt to these Commissioners , respecting the balance in their hands , so early as the month of Feb. 1796 , and the answer given by the Commissioners , is a strong exemplification of the neglect of the officers of the Treasury , and the unblushing effrontery of Mr. Bowles and his associates . At that period the Commissioners had no less a sum than 196,000l . in their hands ; and yet , without stating what their balances were , they simply declare that they can afford no money for the necessities of the state , unless a sum to a very large amount is paid to them by the East India Company . Ought not the Treasury to have required an account of that balance which they fraudulently withheld ? And ought not enquiry to have been made into the state of their accounts ? It was evidently expected that a large sum would be found in their hands , and such a disappointment ought to have 311 led to investigation . But what shall we say to this Commissioner ? He was a life-and-fortune man : he was ready to spend the last shilling of his own money , and shed the last drop of his own blood , in the defence of his country : and yet , as a public accountant , in possession of public balances , he refused to the country the use of its own money , in order that he might convert that money to his own private advantage.—Very shortly after this , an appropriation was made of 25,000l. , and