of a system that was to be permanently acted upon ; and he was anxious to hear what was the system which ministers had in their contemplation ; but , in truth , there appeared to him to be no system at all contemplated by them either in their financial or their political measures . The maxim of the noble earl seemed to be `` sufficient for the day is the evil thereof ; '' and all that was looked for was to provide for the pressing occasion and to satisfy the exigency of the moment . The noble earl , when he had proposed this measure , was evidently at the end of his finance , and looked no further than next year , when a new supply must be raised and a different experiment resorted to . He was surprized to hear from the noble ear ] , at a distance of two years , that the plan of the late administration would have operated as a breach of faith towards any description of persons , still less to the public creditors . No persons were more alive to their interest , and justly so , than the public creditors , and yet from those gentlemen no complaint of this nature was heard when the arrangements of the late administration were brought forward . So far from it , that at the time of negociating the loan , after this plan was brought forward , when he ( lord Grenville ) was in office , one of the gentlemen who had contracted for it told him that the advantageous terms then obtained for the public were to be solely ascribed to the salutary operation of that plan . Upon what terms could the present ministers expect to borrow , if the war taxes were to be mortgaged in perpetuity ? —a measure so pregnant with danger and injury to public credit . He could not quit this subject without again deprecating and condemning those measures which had been the principal cause of the late enormous increase of our expenditure.—He was thoroughly convinced that no possible advantage could be derived from continuing to keep up a British force in Spain . A 916 system of utter delusion had been practised with respect to the state of affairs in that country , where there appeared no hope of maintaining an advantageous contest , or prosecuting the war with any prospect of a successful issue . To carry on a land war on the continent was the greatest impolicy of which we could be guilty , and in direct opposition to the only system of policy to which we ought to resort—to that of husbanding our present resources in order to secure the means of our ultimate defence . His lordship proceeded to ask what we had gained by this increased expenditure , and by the addition thus made to our debt ? We had gained the convention of Cintra , the retreat of Salamanca , the loss of our brave officers , and the dispersion of our army , as an army.—What , on the other hand , had we lost ? We had considerably lost in having an increase to our debt of 9,000,000l . and an annual burden of 1,000,000l . additional imposed on the people of this country . The burthens altogether to which not the higher nor the lower , but the middling class of the community of this country had of late years submitted to , were inconceivable . He was one of those who , far from countenancing or supporting , highly reprobated and disapproved of the practices resorted to in order to excite clamour and disaffection ; but at the same time he must caution ministers not to refuse their attention to the voice of the well-affected , and the unaffected expression of the sentiments of the nation . He could not forbear from expressing his surprise that a most unqualified attack should have been made upon the proposition made by him ( lord Grenville ) while in office , by the noble secretary , who now himself proposed to carry through a