suppose the gentleman is ignorant , that their ancient attachments are broken by the grossest practices of corruption and bribery . The old and clumsy modes in which bribery was heretofore practiced , are exploded ; a new system and vocabulary has been introduced ; no one now asks for a bribe ; but if the candidate proposes a breakfast after the election , the reply in the affirmative assures the voter from 20 to 30 guineas , as the price may have been settled at former elections ; the intention of this system bids fair to destroy all principle 783 and public virtue . From the improvements in this nefarious practice , the remedies provided at former periods are now rendered nugatory . Those who can make their minds up to come into the house by such methods , must excuse me if I think , their being kept out of it would , so far from being a loss , be a great public gain . Sir , the first instance we have upon record of an attempt to attain a seat in this house by bribery , is in the 13th of Elizabeth ; the description of that person is curious , he is stated to have been a weak and foolish man ; what would have been said , if he had attempted to defend himself with the arguments we have heard this night ? Their ability might have exempted him from the imputation of folly , but would not have saved him from the resentment of the house ; on the contrary , I believe it would have enhanced the measure of punishment . The next head of argument is for those who profess to feel reform as necessary as I do ; but who will be content with nothing short of a complete and radical reform . However I may regret the want of the support of any set of gentlemen , I have no right to complain of it , when their objections are made , when I and others have an opportunity to meet and censure them ; but I do complain when it is represented , the bill I have brought into this house is the most dangerous and unconstitutional that was ever introduced . How does this accord with the imputation now attached to it , that it purposes to do something , and does nothing ? Such if the hon . baronet knew me , he would not believe to be the habits of my life . Sir , I do believe , those who are most hostile to it , consider it as likely to do a great deal , and if adopted in the spirit with which it has been introduced , would in a very great and considerable degree , go to satisfy the people , and to do away much of the existing discontents . Sir , my intention is not only to stop the corruption of individuals , but that of the treasury likewise . It is curious to hear those who so vehemently argue against the corruption of parliament , contend for the sale of seats ; they say , take money oat of the market , and you will throw the whole power into the hands of the treasury : Sir , I aim to make it so difficult , that it shall be impossible for government to carry on any extensive traffic with patronage . The imputation of corruption attaching upon ministers , would throw great 784 power into the scale of their opponents ; but should the crown gain power by the measure , may not future parliaments provide a remedy for such a grievance , as well as I hope we are about to provide for this . It appears to me evident , this abuse can not continue , without endangering the existence of this house . The danger apprehended from the measure is trivial , compared with what must result from the evil being suffered to continue . Those who contend against the measure , admit the ruin it must bring upon us , and yet are