the impropriety of granting any subsidy to Austria ; but he would go further than his right hon . friend , for he would deprecate the payment of the 300,000l bills which , it appeared from the statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had been drawn upon our government without any authority whatever to do so . That no good could be done by any effort of Austria now must be obvious . Had she , indeed , availed herself of Buonaparté 's embarrassments in Spain , at the period when some French reverses inspirited the Spaniards , there might have been some chance that Buonaparté would have been considerably distressed and distracted ; at least there would have been better prospects of success than could be calculated upon at the time Austria commenced hostilities , when in fact Spain was nearly subdued . Austria , however , had not only been defective in prudence in the commencement of this war , but even in fidelity to engagements which should always bind a state , whether such engagements were formed with one party or another . Ministers , in fact , should have advised 545 Austria not to engage in this war . They were not ignorant of her engagements and circumstances . It was well known that after the last war into which she had been dragged by the counsels of this country , she was reduced to the verge of ruin , and owed her escape and the reinstatement of her government solely to the will of the power with which she now so unwisely waged war.—It might be said that there was no precedent for such an interposition in the concerns of a foreign government , as he would recommend on the part of ministers . But he would not look to the file , as Mr. Burke said , for direction upon a new and extraordinary case . Had ministers no penetration , no statesmanlike knowledge , to enable their minds to judge upon the propriety of interposing their advice on such an occasion ? Were they to preclude themselves from offering advice either to Spain or Austria , because there was no precedent for such an offer ; there being no precedent simply because the cases themselves were unprecedented ? With respect to the Vote of Credit for `` Continental Services , '' as it was mentioned , he would rather have it specifically called a vote of credit for Spain , as there was no continental nation whatever to which any pecuniary grant should be made . If a subsidy to Austria had been proposed , he would have opposed it , though he had stood single and alone on a division of the house . In fact it appeared to him that they must be fools and madmen , in persisting to think that Austria could succeed in a contest with France by means of English gold . What were the prospects for Spain itself he could not pretend to say . But he did not wish to give , up hope respecting Spain while life itself remained , and therefore he was not willing to tie up the hands of ministers on that subject . With the exception , however , of Spain , he could not see a spot in Europe where an English guinea could be of any use to annoy the enemy . He begged gentlemen to bear in mind the very absurd and foolish calculations sometimes made as to the precise times and periods of the enemy 's weakness , which were , in fact , but pauses to collect strength , as events had always proved . If gentlemen would follow the advice contained in the admirable tract of his deceased friend ( Mr. Fox ) , they would occasionally stop in their progress , and take a retrospect of the past , for the purpose of guiding their contemplations upon the future . Had this ad- 546 vice been attended to , it was impossible that the absurd calculations he had mentioned could ever have had any weight . Having said thus much on