be facilitated '' . Now , Sir , I think were I to go no farther , but immediately to propose a Resolution of censure upon the noble lord opposite , founded upon that paragraph in 207 his own evidence , it would be impossible for the house not to agree to it . In answer to the next question , he says , that he conceived lord Clancarty entitled to call upon him for a writership . With these facts in the view of the house , upon the noble lord 's own confession , I would ask , is it possible to devise any just means of rescuing his conduct from reprobation ? Upon the first part of the evidence alone , namely , that of countenancing the proposition of Reding , I should have thought the noble lord deserving of disapprobation ; but when combined with the case of the Writership , I think it impossible for him to escape the censure of this house . I can not indeed conceive any delinquency of this nature likely to attract the attention , much less to justify the punishment of this house , if such a flagrant case as this under consideration shall be allowed to pass uncensured . The noble lord 's statement in his evidence , that the writership was to be disposed of , subject to certain qualifications ; that the case before him had no relation to a pecuniary transaction , or that the nomination did not take place , can not avail him upon this occasion , for his intention is obvious , and of that intention we are to judge . I now come to the evidence of lord Clancarty , which is equally important and forcible . From the situation which that noble lord held , and his connection with the object of my motion , I must take leave , although the whole of the Evidence lies on the table , to call the attention of the house to those parts of it which particularly relate to the case I have brought before you.—Lord Clancarty being asked , When he became acquainted with Reding ? answers , 'In the month of 'October , 1805 . ' 'On what occasion did 'you first become acquainted with that 'person ? With respect to obtaining a seat 'in parliament.—Did he hold out that he 'had a seat in parliament ? He did . ' Then follows a statement that the negociation broke off , because Reding required a Writership for the Seat , which lord Clancarty had not to dispose of . But it seems upon mentioning this circumstance to his friend , lord Castlereagh , he told him he should have a Writership to dispose of . Lord Clancarty being asked , 'Did lord Castlereagh offer you this 'appointment of a Writership , for the 'purpose of facilitating your being returned to parliament ? —Answer . 'Certainly ; it being always to be under- 208 'stood that the party was of sufficient 'respectability to be eligible , ' & c.—The latter part of this answer has , in fact , no reference to the transaction before the house , from which not a particle of its unconstitutional character is removed by this or any of the other qualifications which appear in the evidence of either of the noble lords . I shall not detain the house further upon the evidence , than by reading a short passage from that of Reding , which will be quite sufficient to establish the charge in my view of the subject.—'What conversation had you with Mr. 'Davies upon that subject ? The conversation I had with Mr. Davies was , a party 'wanted a sum of money , but the other 'party were to give a seat , and this money 'was to go into that sort of negociation . '—Was the sum of money to procure any 'appointment under the East India Company ? Yes , in one shape , but the Seat 'was to be given to those who could get 'that appointment made.—Was a Writer ship to be procured by the sum of