when they allow a similar privilege to a stock or a stone ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The bill which had lately passed in that house ( Mr. Curwen 's ) had only made matters worse , by throwing a monopoly of the market for seats into the hands of the Treasury . These partial remedies could be of no use where the system was fundamentally wrong . The resolution of 1779 had often been appealed to in vain ; and where then was the use of new enactments , the intended effect of which the system necessarily prevented ? There was another point to which he was desirous of calling the at- 1062 tention of the house , as he had been mispresented respecting it , or , at least , as inferences had been drawn from it which were not warranted by the facts . He alluded to the representation which he had made respecting the bargain with the Treasury for the borough of Cashel . That part of the charge which stated , that lord Castlcreagh suggested to Mr. Dick the propriety of resigning his seat if he could not vote in favour of the duke of York , had been denied . But it ought to be observed , that the denial was confined to these words alone , that lord Castlereagh did not suggest to Mr. Dick . The fair inference then is , that all the rest of the charges , which was not in any degree denied , and which was by far the most important , was positively true ( Hear ! hear ! ) . If the right hon . gent . opposite was disposed to dispute this point , all he had to do was to grant a committee to investigate the facts ; and he , Mr. Madocks , was ready to prove that 5,000l . had been paid to the Treasury , for the Seat , with the privity and concurrence of the right honourable gentleman and the noble lord opposite , and that Mr. Dick had been induced to vacate , upon a difference arising between him and the ministry as to his vote on the question respecting the Conduct of the Duke of York . This was the important part of the charge , which no one had attempted to deny . Under all these circumstances there was the strongest ground for giving a pledge to the nation , that the house would take the subject into consideration . The plan now offered corresponded in its great and leading features with those of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Grey , who were sometimes supported by great divisions , and once the question was lost only by a majority of 20 or 25 . In the year 1784 the king had in his Speech recommended the subject to the consideration of the house . Under all these circumstances , and recollecting it had been the invariable practice in every reign from the time of Edward I. to that of Charles II. , to alter the state of the representation with respect to boroughs , he gave his most hearty concurrence to the motion of his hon . friend , and thought that to give the pledge required , was necessary , after what had recently passed , to the character of parliament , and the salvation of the state . The gentlemen on the other side , had lately signalized themselves by observing the anniversary of the birth of their immortal leader , the late 1063 Mr. Pitt . He would not enter into any recapitulation of the losses , which liberty sustained during his lifetime , but he would earnestly entreat the house to remember , that the day on which he was addressing them , was the anniversary of the birth of our liberties , Magna Charta , and he hoped that the house , in justice to the memory of our ancestors , would commemorate the occasion , by pledging themselves to restore the independence of parliament . was averse from the imputing of bad motives to any one , and certainly he