evils complained of . As to the sense of the public , that house never would , because it never could , resist the fair and legitimate voice of the people . It should not , however , suffer itself to be influenced by clamour , but maintain a steady integrity , neither yielding to the influence of the crown , nor giving way to the clamours of the people , anxious to do its duty with fidelity , and to deserve the gratitude of an affectionate people . had never risen in that house under more difficulty , because both his wishes and his duty inclined him to adopt a different line of conduct . His wishes prompted him to put an end to this question at once ; but a sense of duty made him feel that something was due on such an occasion to the dignity of that house , to the nature of the charge , and to the character of parliament . He agreed with the noble lord behind him ( lord Milton ) , that the more eligible course would be to refer the charge to a committee above stairs . The charge was of such a nature , that if the hon . member had brought it forward lightly or upon weak grounds , or should fail in substantiating it , much injury must be the consequence to the public . He did not himself believe that the hon . member would have brought forward this charge without having good grounds for it . The house was placed in an embarrassed situation by this charge , which consisted of two parts ; the first was that of undue influence used to bias the votes of members of that house ; the second , that corrupt means had been employed to procure the return of members to parliament . The charge he considered a grave one , and if the house should pass it over without ne- 505 tice , he must think that it had dealt out a hard measure of severity to his royal highness the Duke of York ; and yet if this charge should be gone into , it was impossible to say where the investigation of such charges would end . If there had been an endeavour made to create an improper feeling in the country , he should condemn it as much as any man ; but he was persuaded that the sentiments which had been expressed had sprung from the people ; and certainly not from any feeling of triumph over the illustrious person , whose case had given rise to the expression of these sentiments . He could not suppose , that the people of this country , who had , during the last twenty-five years , manifested such an affectionate attachment to their beloved sovereign , could in this instance have been capable of such feelings with respect to one of his family . It was morally impossible that their sentiments could have been so changed at once . The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Cartwright ) had said , that he was for the existing state of things . For himself , he could say , that he was for the constitution , but not for its corruptions ; and the best means of preserving that constitution would be to correct any abuses which may have crept into it . Though a friend to rational reform , he did not think the present a proper time for bringing forward the measure of Parliamentary Reform That question would better be deferred to another period . But no time could be unseasonable for the correction of abuses , and all our statutes speak in a decided manner against corruptions . He should wish , therefore , that the part of the charge relative to influence exercised to sway the vote of an individual member of that house should be examined . If he , however , had any influence with the hon . member , he would have dissuaded him from bringing forward this motion : because it might lend to exposures , which