the building ? At present the building gave more the idea of the damp vaults of a secluded prison than of an airy and comfortable dwelling for invalids . He should much rather see the old soldier walking about these grounds and smoking his pipe there , than see all the improvements which col. Gordon could make . As to col. Gordon personally , he did not mean to say , that he , from his long services , was not as much entitled to any favour as another officer ; but he would say that these grounds ought not to have been taken away from the infirmary to be given to any individual . He was ready to prove at the bar , that most of the officers at Chelsea remonstrated against this transaction , but that the governor persisted . He should only wish to call a few witnesses to the bar . The honourable baronet here mentioned the names of sir David Dundas , Dr. Moseley , Mr. Fordyce , and nine or ten other gentlemen , being medical men , surveyors , or architects . He concluded by moving `` That a Committee be appointed to investigate certain transactions respecting the building of the new Infirmary at Chelsea . '' said , that whatever wish gentlemen might have to proceed further in this inquiry , he could hardly suppose them serious in proposing to call witnesses to the bar , and to consume much of the time of the house on a business of this nature . If it were necessary to leave the further consideration of such a business to a committee , the inquiry should be left to a select committee , and the time of the house should not be wasted by a long examination of witnesses . He hoped , however , that they would not think any further proceeding necessary when they should hear the statement he had to make . The case had since been inquired 395 into , both by the governors of Chelsea Hospital and the Treasury ; and on a communication with colonel Gordon , he expressed himself very ready to extend the space towards the infirmary . The governors of Chelsea Hospital had afterwards thought that it would be advisable to make other additions to the infirmary , and that perhaps they might want the whole of the ground , and they therefore wrote to the Treasury to know whether the contract with col. Gordon was so concluded as to prevent this . The Treasury wrote back to them in answer , that the contract was in such a situation , that they conceived col. Gordon had an equitable title to a lease from them . He was convinced that if such a contract had existed between individuals , a court of equity would have decreed the performance of it , and that a lease should be executed . It was , however , now settled that other purveyors and other physicians should be called upon to give their report ; and if their report should be , that those grounds were necessary for the infirmary , government would certainly endeavour to prevail on col. Gordon to give them up . There could certainly in this case be no sort of blame attached to ministers for judging , not with their own eyes , but with the eyes of men who knew the value of lands , and were sworn surveyors . The inquiry was certainly one that would be beneath the dignity of the house to maintain at their bar . The hon . baronet had said , that the examination would be very short , and yet he had given in a list of ten or eleven witnesses . It would be evidently wasting the time of the house to have all those witnesses examined at the bar . was astonished at the report of the surveyors , who estimated the value of this ground , as he knew many members of that house who would give 2,000l . more for it than it was let for to col. Gordon . For himself he