he could not forbear from thinking that they almost all proved abortive . His lordship particularly alluded to the Tory Administration in the reign of queen Anne , and the committee appointed to enquire 54 into sir R. Walpole 's administration , neither of which had produced any general good . He therefore thought it better that the house should determine itself to discharge this meritorious duty , more particularly at a moment like the present , instead of referring it to any committee . In doing so they would pursue a course , more conformable to the practice of the house , and better calculated for the public good . In appointing a committee such as that now proposed , the house would be conferring on them accusatory powers , which he was satisfied it would be far from their intention to do . If , however , the noble lord would limit his motion to any one specific enquiry , he should support it . .— I feel it . Sir , impossible to give a silent vote on a question of such high importance as the motion of the noble lord , and more especially as I conceive that what has been urged in the course of this debate , so far from amounting to a justification of the conduct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , only tends more strongly to shew that a general inquiry is absolutely necessary . The existence of general abuses , is not now pretended to be denied—that time is gone by . In the levity of which the Chancellor of the Exchequer complained , in one part of Ls speech , I fell no disposition to concur ; I am not disposed , at anytime , to treat with levity , any thing that is said by that right hon . gent. , and least of all at this moment , when the serious situation in which we stand calls for our most serious and profound attention . The Chancellor of the Exchequer has acknowledged , that , if inquiry should be instituted , abuses might possibly be traced . This fact I take it , he has admitted—I shall , however , at any rate , myself assume it . Whatever may be the sentiments in this house , there can be no doubt , that out of it there is an universal feeling of the people , that various mal-practices would be brought to light by the institution of a general inquiry , such as that which has been moved for by the noble lord . But the Chancellor of the Exchequer has argued , that even admitting abuses to be discovered , he should think the appointment of a Committee useless.—'It is not , ' says he , the 'punishment of past grievances which we should so ardently seek , as remedies and preventives of a repetition of such abuses . Against this , he tells us , it is the very object and foundation of his Bill to provide . 55 But much as we know , I must be allowed to question the possibility of his framing any Bill on this subject , which shall be effectual in its provisions , unless we shall first be informed of much more than has hitherto come to our knowledge . And here I conceive the argument which was made use of by the noble lord , to be unanswerable . How can you tell , says he , in what manner to frame a Bill to prevent the repetition of abuses , the nature and fill extent of which are yet undiscovered ? The Chancellor of the Exchequer has told us that before the investigation which has occupied so much of our time and attention , he was informed of certain nuisances in the city . He had heard of the office of Messrs. Pollman and Keylock , who were able to dispose of an extensive patronage , for the most corrupt of all things , meney , the grand source and medium of all corruption . Now when the existence of that office was first mentioned