the course of proceeding was plain . Instead of seconding the motion , the right hon . member could only do as he had done ; and they were bound to support 384 him against a most unfair mode of endeavouring to implicate the house . thought it extraordinary that the right hon . member , with whom he had not the least acquaintance , and who knew but little of him , should charge him with participating in factious meetings , and— rose to order . It appeared to him that the hon . member totally misunderstood the last speaker . explained , that he certainly had no knowledge of the hon . member . What he said relating to factious meetings was meant to apply to the honourable member ; but he now understood that he never attended any of those meetings , and he therefore begged pardon for having so alluded to him . said , that when he gave notice of the motion which he brought forward that evening , he stated the substance of it as fully and explicitly as he could . He conceived that he would best do his duty by resting his proceeding upon precedent . If , in pursuing this course , he could be supposed to have acted uncandidly towards the members against whom his charges were directed , he begged to apologize to them . It arose from ignorance ; for he could assure those hon . members , and he trusted the assertion would be believed , that he was anxious to bring the subject forward as fairly as possible . He was ready to adopt any mode of proceeding the house should recommend . It never was his intention , indeed it would be unfair , to send out a story to the country , without being prepared to prove the fact . Here the Speaker interposed , and said , that after what had just fallen from the honourable member , he felt it imperative upon him to submit to the house his sentiments on the course of proceeding . If it was fit that a member should be heard in his place , it was also fit that he should hear the charges against which he was to defend himself . No charges could be stated against any absent member . In respect to the notice , the hon . member would allow him to tell him , that any notice against ministers applied to the whole of the administration , and that it was not the practice of ministers to withdraw , except the charges were personal . The notice the hon . member gave was against ministers generally . With respect to charges , the house always received them with great strictness and deliberation . 385 They ought to be brought forward in the most solemn manner . There were two modes of proceeding ; either by impeachment , in which case they were decided by another tribunal ; of sometimes oral charges were heard , against which the parties accused defended themselves in their places , and frequently by their counsel at the bar ; and upon the whole matter the house came to such conclusion as it thought proper . With respect to the precedent that had been read , there was , to be sure , no speech on the Journals ; but there was enough to imply that the substance of the motion had been previously given to the house . Without premises , no opinion was to be expected . A charge implied that the person accused was to be heard ; that there was something on which he must be heard . After hearing the person accused , it would be for the house to say aye or no , whether they should proceed further . Reverting , therefore , to the subject , it was his opinion that no particulars of charge could now be stated . This opinion , however , if adopted by the house , shut out no further inquiry ; shut out no hon . member from proceeding at any other time