by the testator , or in his presence , by his 'express ' direction ( A cry of Hear ! hear ! ) . It certainly was not connected with the word `` agreement , '' but had been introduced for the same purpose as in the bill under consideration . He had mentioned this only with a view to shew how extraordinary a declaration had been made by the learned members on the other side . He was not disposed to pursue this subject further : the measure was a legislative declaration of the law ; and when it should be so declared , he was persuaded that the practise which it was intended to prevent , would be discontinued , even without the intervention of a penal statute . It was his firm conviction that the offences complained of and admitted to exist , were committed only from an ignorance of the law ; and he had no doubt that many hon . gentlemen , if aware of its being contrary to law , would never have committed the offence . Upon these grounds , he should give his support to the bill . would have delivered his sentiments upon this measure , at some earlier stage of its progress , if he could have caught the Speaker 's eye . He thought it extraordinary that any man , who valued the prosperity of this country , could suppose that this was not a subject fit for the consideration of the house . Several gentlemen had delivered opinions adverse to the principle of the bill ; but he should not consider himself as faithful to his duty , if he did not protest against such doctrines . It had been said that this measure was an experiment ; but was there not a more dangerous , a more alarming , and a more extensive experiment existing in the continuance of those abuses which this bill was intended to prevent ? What would be the situation of that house , if no measure were to be adopted for correcting those corrupt practices which were universally admitted to exist ? It was the duty of the members of that house , to see , either that the charge was unfounded , or to take care , that the practice should be altered . He had been a warm advocate for the bill , as it had at first been introduced ; 998 but it had been so altered in its passage through the house , that he should not be surprised if the hon . member who brought it forward , should now feel himself called upon not to support it . Not five lines of the original bill had been suffered to remain . He begged the house to consider what would be the effect of the bill as it had been altered , if suffered to pass into a law . It would throw the whole of the seats that remained saleable , into the hands of the Treasury , and upon these grounds he should feel himself bound to vote against the bill . He thought there would be a much better chance of producing an adequate and efficient measure , if it were suffered to lie over till the next session of parliament . It had been said by a right hon . gent. , that the Resolution of 1779 was a sufficient , security against the corrupt practices complained of : but when , in the course of last month , he had brought a distinct charge against a noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) a contrary Resolution was voted , namely , that as the agreement had not been carried into effect , no farther proceeding was necessary . An to what had been said with respect to the influence of property , he concurred in it so far as it was honourably and fairly exerted . What he condemned was , that it should be brought to an ignominious market , and be thereby made the instrument of subverting the integrity and independence of parliament . Such conduct , in his opinion