recourse were had to the Property Tax . Even suppose the other war taxes to be made perpetual , there must be a deficit of many millions , which must , if peace were to take place to-morrow , be provided for ; and we must either make the property-tax perpetual , to the amount of live per cent , on income , or else have recourse to a loan . This statement he made with a view to demonstrate the propriety of attending to the principle of his hon . friend 's Resolution . thought that the discussion was taking a turn entirely foreign from the subject of the Third Report upon Offices , and therefore suggested the propriety of proceeding to the matter in question . There would be no end to the debate , were the finances of the country to be made the subject , when the question was simply as to the necessity of economy . coincided in opinion with the noble lord , vet thought it but fair to say that his hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) had not introduced the subject originally , but had only risen to correct the misstatements which had been made on the other side . As the hon . gent . ( Mr. Martin ) had declared his preference for his ( Mr. Perceval 's ) first Resolution in opposition to his own , he could wish that instead of putting the committee to the necessity of previously negativing that Reselution , he would withdraw it , and suffer the other to be put in its stead . With respect to what the hon . gent , had said about comparing and contrasting the two strings of Resolutions seriatim , he could scarcely suppose that necessary , as his Resolutions were merely a new arrangement of those of the hon . gent . withdrew his first Resolution , and that proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer was put from the chair and agreed to . The following was the Resolution : `` That the utmost attention to economy in all the branches of Public Expenditure which is consistent with the interests of the Public Service , is at all times the duty of this House . '' requested the attention of the 867 committee to some observations he had to submit to their consideration . Great pains , he said , had lately been taken out of doors to make it be believed that no attention had hitherto been paid to the retrenchment of the expenditure of the public money . He begged , however , to shew that the contrary was the case . was at a loss how to reconcile the Report which he held in his hand with the high panegyric which the right hon . gentleman had thought proper to pronounce upon his deceased friend . The right hon . gent . had gone so far back as the year 1713 , when he came to treat of Pensions . If he had looked at later periods , he would have found that they had increased very much since the beginning of the present reign . From the Report under consideration it appeared , that the amount of the Pension List had been most enormously increased by Mr. Pitt . But this was a part of the case which the right hon . gent . had felt it convenient to overlook , although the subject of pensions was the first topic that offered itself in the Report . There was also a strong fact which the right hon . gent . happened to forget , but he would call it to his recollection . The right hon . gent . would , perhaps , remember when Mr. Pitt , and himself , induced that house to acquiesce in the grant of 9,000l . a year to the duke of Gloucester , from the public purse , upon the allegation that the produce of the 4½per cent , duties , upon which that sum had been previously charged , was inadequate to payit . By this grant the public lost 105,000l. ,