. Yet , with all the defects of both these measure , the end proposed was , in a great degree , ob- 1141 tained ; the spirit of the Nation was roused ; the practicability of raising a large sum within the year was proved ; and better digested plans were afterwards adopted . The produce obtained was , in the whole , about six millions and a half , not indeed paid into the Exchequer in one year , but in successive payments in two or three years . In the next year , 1799 , the Convoy Tax and the Income Tax , the one of which produced annually about 1,200,000l . and the other about 5,300,000l . were substituted far the Aid and Contribution on Assessed Taxes , and continued from that time till the conclusion of Peace . But a part of the Loan of each year , having been charged upon the Income Tax , its produce applicable to the public service became gradually diminished by the Interest deducted from it ; and the amount of the Loans was proportionably increased , till that of 1801 amounted to twenty-five millions and a half . The conclusion of Peace prevented the return of embarrassments which were then , perhaps , impending , but left a difficulty of a most serious nature behind . A sum of no less than fifty-six millions , and a half had been charged upon the Income Tax , which , in the event of the continuance of Peace , would have prolonged , till about the year 1811 , a charge which was become unpopular , and in the other event , of a renewal of the war , would have rendered it almost impracticable to meet the public exigencies with any large and immediate Supply . Under these circumstances , my noble friend ( Lord Sidmouth ) who had some time before succeeded Mr. Pitt as Chancellor of the Exchequer , resolved , in 1802 , on one of the boldest and most extensive measures of finance which has ever been attempted . He determined at once to set the Income Tax free , and to provide for the supplies of the year , including the winding up of the expences of the War , by proposing at the same time , funds capable of bearing the charge of almost one hundred millions of stock . This design he executed in so ample a manner , that the taxes provided have usually exceeded , by at least a million and a half , the charge of the immense sum I have mentioned . But , in the next year , the firmness and resources of his mind were put to a still severer trial . Hostilities had recommenced under circumstanced which , at once re- 1142 quired the most prompt and extensive exertions , and threatened a long and almost indefinite continuance of the contest . Public credit was not yet firmly re-established , and the burdens of the late war had not become so habitual as to admit of ready additions of a permanent nature . Great as these difficulties were , every thing was to be hoped from the loyalty and spirit of the Country , and the conviction universally felt of the justice and necessity of the War . To these sentiments he determined to make his appeal ; and to act upon a system which their influence alone could have enabled him to carry into effect . He proposed to Parliament to raise so large a sum within the year by extraordinary War Taxes as to confine the increase of public debt within very narrow limits , if not wholly to prevent it . For this purpose he brought forward War Taxes which , exclusive of the Taxes imposed to provide for the Loan of the year , have realized upwards of 12 millions on an average of the two last years , although those years have not been favourable to their produce . So ample , indeed , were the Funds provided , that , had the war ended with the first year ,