with the command of his own armed tenantry , would have been dangerous to the state . The hon . member concluded by moving , `` That there be hid before this house , an account of all foreigners holding commissions in his majesty 's service , and the dates of their first and present commissions , together with an account of all extra allowances of every description made to such officers , if any , and the reason for such allowances ; also , an account of the present state of service of such officers , whether upon the staff , or with the regiments to which they may belong . '' said , that he only requested the hon . member yesterday to postpone his motion , in order to have an opportunity of consulting with others , how far it might be adviseable to grant the return . Upon the fullest consideration , however , it was thought that the names of those officers , and their present situations in the service , could not be communicated without exposing them to great hazard and injury at some future time ; and , upon this account only , he must resist the motion . said , that the names of those officers were by no means secret ; they were inserted in an authentic list of the army , published monthly , and must be known to every body desirous of learning their names . Therefore , he must consider the reason assigned by the noble lord , as a mere subterfuge for withholding the document he required . He could not , however , avoid remarking again , that while his majesty 's government had thought fit to refuse the late duke of Bedford a commission , for the command of his own tenantry , in the defence of his native land , as too dangerous a confidence to repose in a nobleman who differed from them in politics , and also to refuse to lord Petre a commission for the command of 400 of his own infantry , armed and clothed at his own expence , for the like purpose , upon no other pretence than that of his being a Roman catholic ; still they felt no hesitation in granting to colonel Charmilly , a Frenchman , an utter stranger , and a Roman catholic , letters of service to recruit French soldiers at the door of a military prison , for his majesty 's service , and at a bounty of sixteen guineas per man ; and afterwards , when they deemed it expedient to disband this regiment , to turn them loose upon the public . One of the motions he made upon a former night , was 530 for an account of the money advanced to colonel Charmilly , but to this no proper return was made . He must therefore press the present motion , and take the sense of the house upon it . apprehended , the hon . gent , would not wish to postpone the Budget on this account . By law , these accounts were to be delivered by the 25th of March in every year , before which time it was impossible , on account of the multiplicity of papers to be laid on the table , to prepare them ; and it was not till lately that the Budget was opened so late as the 12th of May . This business used formerly to take place before Christmas , and it would always in such a case , be utterly impossible to get the accounts printed before the opening of the Budget . doubted this impossibility , since Irish accounts could be always ready at an earlier period . It was of no consequence to lay them before the house , if they were taken away for so long a time to be printed ; and he thought that either they should not be taken away for this purpose , or that duplicates of them should be provided to lie upon the table , for the use of members . informed the hon . member