, because the learned gent , is wise enough to know , that it was hot merely from the face of the Record , but from the consideration of extrinsic circumstances , the court measured the Judgment it thought proper to pronounce . That imprisonment is a species of punishment for libellers , and to require security for their good behaviour after their imprisonment , is a very usual practice , must be so well known to the learned gent. , that I shall not condescend to shew either a principle or a case for the purpose of supporting that doctrine ! In a great deal of what has fallen from the learned gent. , I shall not follow him , because a great part of his statements carry with them their own refutation . But in answer to such of his arguments as have any shadow of bearing upon the question before your lordships , I contend that the court of King 's Bench has unlimited juris- 596 diction throughout the whole kingdom ; that his majesty has this jurisdiction also through his first criminal court , the King 's Bench . No matter whether it sits in one part of the realm or another , it possesses supreme jurisdiction through the whole . In support of these petitions , as the genuine and established law of the land , I could adduce numberless cases ; that of the King and White , in lord Hardwicke 's Reports , is all I shall trouble your lordships with . The case was that of a constable at Scarborough who was attached by order of the court of King 's Bench for destroying a warrant from the Lord Chief Justice , to be executed in that quarter ; this alone would serve , that the court in question possesses a criminal jurisdiction throughout the whole country . The learned gent , does not dispute that all the gaols in the kingdom are the gaols of the king ; but he says , they are gaols to be used in a certain qualified way ; he denies the right of the king to send persons to any gaol not in the county in which the offence is committed , or where the court is not present . I have in my hand , my lords , what I believe you will agree with me is some authority on those points , Hawkins 's Pleas of the Crown . Speaking of the court of King 's Bench , he says , that , 'so high a trust does the law repose in the justice and integrity of this court , as generally to leave it to the discretion of the judges to inflict such fine and imprisonment , and even infamous corporal punishment on offenders , as the nature of the crime , considered in all its circumstances , shall require ; neither doth it confine them to the use of its own prison , but leaves them at liberty to commit offenders to any prison in the kingdom which they shall think most proper , and doth not suffer any court to remove , or bail any person condemned to imprisonment by them . '—This is the language of that profound and accurate lawyer , and I wonder that any man of the diligence of the learned gent. , who could have read this authority , and viewed the question on both sides , could have departed from it and affect to refer to the foolish saying of a clerk of the crown ! Viewing this and the numerous authenticities and precedents to which I mean to refer , how is it possible to aver that sending persons to the gaols in Gloucester and in Dorchester , is an illegal act or beyond the power of the court ? Will the learned gentleman say that if a publication of the libels in question took place 597 in the county of Cornwall , the parties might not have been tried and convicted there as well as in Middlesex ? —The learned Attorney General then proceeded to the exhibition of a long series of