bore testimony to the attention with which every suggestion from them was received , and was sure that the fullest consideration would be given to any amendments which honourable gentlemen might be disposed to propose in the Committee . said he rose to support the amendment of the hon . member who spoke last but one . He thought with him , that this bill ought to be opposed on its principle , which was to continue a system of collecting the duties on spirits , which 578 had been proved to have failed by the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry , and which , though amended session after session , was still ineffectual , because it was notorious to every one who knew any thing of Ireland , that illicit distillation was at this moment carried on there to a great extent . The Commissioners proved that in one year the loss of revenue was near two millions , and this loss can be attributed to no other cause than a great defect in the system pursued in attempting to collect it . They had not only , however , proved the extent of the evil , but they also proposed a remedy ; this was to adopt the system of Scotland , and permitting distillers to work very small stills under a licence , the amount to be paid for which was calculated on the number of gallons which his still could work in a year . He said that this mode appeared to him to be the only one that could effectually put down the illicit distillation , because it was absurd to imagine that the exertions of the revenue officers could ever be adequate to counteract all the plans which illicit distillers have it in their power to adopt ; the only way to proceed was to encourage persons to set up legal stills over the whole country , by suffering them to work with small capital , and without the vexatious oppression of the laws as they now stand in respect to regulations , and powers given to the revenue officers . For so soon as legal distillers were so established , they would be so interested in preventing illicit trade , that they alone , without the aid of the revenue officers , would soon clear the country of it . The policy of this method of proceeding had been fully established in Scotland . Before 1786 , the system of collecting the duties on spirits was exactly the same as it now is in Ireland ; the whole country was supplied by illicit distillation . In that year the licence system was adopted , and it is proved in the evidence given before a committee of the house , that in the first year 18,000l . was collected , whereas 18s . had never before been collected ; that the legal distillers detected and punished the illegal distillers , and that the increased demand for grain soon contributed to the general improvement of the agriculture of Scotland , and changed altogether the face of the country . Under the circumstances of the Commissioners of Inquiry having recommended a specific remedy to be adopted , it appeared to him very extraordinary that the right hon . gent . should propose a 579 measure to the house in direct contradiction to their recommendation , without shewing that it did not deserve to be attended to . For his part he thought that when parliament had appointed commissioners to enquire into the collection of the revenue of Ireland , to whom they had paid an immense sum of money as a reward for their trouble , it was the duty of the right hon . gent . either to adopt their advice , or shew why it ought not to be adopted ; for it would be of no use to the public to pay these Commissioners so largely , if by no possible means the information and advice which they afforded the public was to be wholly neglected . The hon . member then said that he knew very well that the right hon