; that this borough-mongering Jacobinism should be destroyed . But after having made this declaration , the hon . gent , turned round and extolled the advantages derived from the rotten boroughs ( Hear , hear ! ) . These boroughs , he said , brought in a heap of adventurers of different descriptions into the house , men of talents . But they wanted no adventurers . What was required was a sober check on the government ; and for this purpose a house of commons properly constituted might very well answer , without lawyers and other adventurers , and without being made a kind of theatre for the exercise of debating powers , and political talents . Their object was the security of the country . They had no desire for ornaments ; they wanted bolts and bars to confine the executive within its proper sphere . The commons 729 of England composed these bolts and bars of the constitution . If this were not the case , the constitution of England was a mere farce , a mere masquerade . If it was the design of the hon . gent to continue a system which rendered the house subservient to the minister , in other words , to have an arbitrary government , why did he not propose this at once without the present incumbrance ? If we must have a despotism , why not have it without all this machinery and expensive appendages ? —Adverting to the observations of the hon . gent , upon the case of usury , the hon . baronet observed , that the laws against usury were ineffectual , because the system was wrong . They only confined the trade to the worst description of people , and prevented a fair competition . So this bill would only aggravate the evil , inasmuch as the system was radically bad . As the laws against usury gave the monopoly to the worst description of people , so this bill would give the monopoly of the Seat trade to the Treasury , Unless you stopped the market altogether , you only did mischief by preventing a free traffic . If the bill could be efficient , which it could not , the Treasury would monopolize the whole , and therefore while the system continued , it was better to have a free market . If the house was not to be composed of representatives of the people , it would be infinitely better to have an auction of seats ; to have a public mart where all might go , and conduct matters openly . Where all was conducted in this open way , the barter might be turned to some advantage . In the first place , the money might be turned to public purposes . We might then get rid of the delicacy which still remained on these subjects , and speak openly what everyone knew ; although he saw no reason why the ears of gentlemen should be more delicate than their consciences ( Hear , hear ! ) . Another advantage would be , that the man who purchased with his money would , in all probability , be more independent than placemen , and those who represented their patrons . For , according to the modern morality , these last were bound by private honour to vote as they should be directed , while a man might purchase , and prove an honourable and independent servant of the public . But this bill , like all sham measures , would be inefficient , or if it was not , it would , as he had stated , give the monopoly of the market to the Treasury . While he said this , he was desirous of 730 doing justice to an independent member of parliament He was fully convinced that the hon . gent . who brought in the bill , expected that great public advantage would result from it . The effect of that honourable gentleman 's zeal had induced him to apply an inadequate remedy to an evil which had disgusted and alarmed him . So