In this proclamation a distinction was made between the people of colour who should make resistance , and the negroes found with arms . The latter were , it appeared , to be called before a military tribunal , and treated 898 much more severely than the former . He objected to this , 1st , because a considerable portion of our own troops in that expedition were negroes ; 2dly , because it might afford Buonaparté an excuse for the savage practices which he resorted to against those who , out of loyalty to their government , resisted him . He adverted to the gallant conduct of the black troops at the attack of Martinique ; of the Saintes ; and on various other occasions . He adverted also to their importance for the defence of our West India possessions , and contended that the distinction was unjust and impolitic . said , that this part of the proclamation had attracted the attention of government . They had asked for explanation , and could do nothing farther till that arrived . The officers were persons of known humanity , and in all probability could give an explanation that would be satisfactory . He hoped , therefore , the hon . gent . would think the motion unnecessary at present . observed , that he could not but wish that the hon . gent . would withdraw the motion , as it must be considered as a slur upon our commander , who had lately made so important an atchievement ; that to circumscribe the power of a general in issuing a proclamation , was a novel and a bad precedent ; and that the commanders , in his opinion , were perfectly justified in the proclamation they had issued , from the dreadful example of the negroes interfering in the warfare in St. Domingo . The horrors they had committed there justified the commanders in taking every precautionary step of intimidation ; and the event proved they were right , for the white population received them with open arms , and the negroes were neutral . As to the black corps , the hon . gent . rated them too highly , when he compared them to British troops . recommended caution in the employment of black troops . If they revolted in the large islands and joined the disaffected , in Jamaica for instance , we might find it difficult to conquer them . Buonaparté had conquered Europe , but could not conquer St. Domingo . approved of the principle on which the present motion was founded , but was very much afraid , that when we acted as conquerors , we did , like others , all we could do to maintain and to secure our conquests . He condemned the too general practise of abus- 899 ing indecently foreign powers , while our enemies , for resorting to those means of conquest to which we ourselves were in some instances necessarily and avowedly indebted . He was glad that the noble viscount ( Castlereagh ) had not , in the name of the government , approved of the proclamation alluded to by the honourable mover . then consented to withdraw his motion for the present . rose to move an amendment in the clause respecting the giving of money or offices for the procuring of seats in parliament . As to the first part , which related to money being given for seats , he had no objection to the wording of the clause which mentioned `` any contract or agreement , express or implied , to pay money . '' He did not object to that , because it was a thing which was not difficult to be ascertained . He objected , however , to the words `` express or implied , '' as relating to the grant of offices ; and the reason he objected to it was , the great difficulty of ascertaining what should be considered an implied agreement . As to the offices , they must necessarily be granted to somebody or other , or the business of the state