that fraud could be justified upon any such plea in a revenue officer , guilty of a violation of his oath and his trust , which would be scouted in any court of criminal judicature , if offered in excuse by a highway-man , or a housebreaker , where no trust was reposed . The right hon . gent . pleaded the notoriety of such frauds in almost every branch of the revenue , as a necessity for this indemnification ; and a recent instance had occurred in the house , by which it was shewn that an officer in high situation ( Mr. Hill ) was not only indemnified for past offences , but sanctioned and encouraged by still higher promotion , though his guilt was established by his own confession : and now came this clause to extend indemnification to the whole corps of such delinquents . With such a clause the bill would be a statute of pains and penalties against the public , and of protection to malefactors ; for one clause in the bill denounced the most enormous penalties against any person who should offer a bribe to a revenue officer ; and yet it concludes with a clause to indemnify all revenue officers who had taken bribes in the most flagitious way for betraying their trust , in direct violation of a bill which had passed the house so recently as the year 1806 , expressly to prevent such frauds . No parliament , he declared , had ever passed such an amnesty as the present ; and if the house should now sanction by its protection a class of men , guilty in numberless instances of such flagrant transgressions , such proceeding must be fatal to the public interest , and highly in 962 jurious to the public morals . The right hon . baronet concluded by moving , `` That instead of now , the bill be read a third time this day three months . '' hoped , that as the objections of the right hon . baronet were directed solely against a particular clause in the bill , he would be content to take the sense of the house upon that clause , instead of opposing the whole bill . had no wish to defeat the whole bill , and was satisfied to rest his opposition upon the final clause . denied that the clause was intended for such a purpose as that of screening defaulters . It was merely a clause in compliance with a conditional promise made to certain officers , of whose guilt there was no practical proof to be obtained , but who , on the condition of indemnity , had fully acknowledged the facts , and explained how a repetition of such fraud might in future be prevented . He had himself repeatedly stated to the house , that the pay of the excise officers in Ireland was too small for their maintenance , and consequently exposed them to the temptation of bribery from brewers and distillers , over whose works they were placed in the way of their duty . Such were the temptations held out to them , that they had not the fortitude to resist : and so universally and notoriously did the traffic prevail amongst every description of excise officers in every part of Ireland , that the frauds upon the revenue were to an incalculable amount . This appeared upon examination before the Commissioners of inquiry in Ireland . It was , in fact , so generally the usage , that the excise officers conceived there was no crime , or breach of duty , in a matter at which they supposed their superiors connived in consideration of the known inadequacy of their salaries to their maintenance . It was recommended by the Commissioners of inquiry , as the best means of rendering those officers honest and faithful for the future , that their salaries should be increased ; and as the defalcations were almost universal , and committed almost without the consciousness of criminality , it was proposed , that an amnesty should be given for all that had