might be attended with very injurious consequences : and the hon . member must have observed a disposition in the house to prevent such abuses as his charge referred to in future , from the reception which the measure he had the honour to propose had met with . They should , if possible , cast a veil over the past , and take measures to prevent the recurrence of the evils complained of in future . He lamented the vote he should be obliged to give for the motion of the hon . member . But he was in such a situation , that he must do it , or do nothing . supported the motion , which in his conception related in no way to Parliamentary Reform . He never adopted the opinion that all public men were corrupt ; but whether the assertion were true or false , the best way of deciding it was by investigation . said , that on a question which so nearly concerned the character and hononr of the house , he was anxious to hear the opinions of persons of more experience than himself . The subject under consideration , was one of the most important that could engage the attention of parliament ; and one in which the character of the house was more involved , he could not well imagine . As to what related to the point of order , he would undertake to shew , that in whatever point of view it was considered , the conduct of his hon . friend , as well on this as on a former occasion , was strictly parliamentary , and that it was supported by usage and precedent . He had examined into the proceedings on former occasions , and from a great variety of precedents from the earliest period of the constitution to the present time , he could shew that the house had always received the assertion of a member in his place , as information sufficient to exercise its inquisitorial functions . In exercising these inquisitorial functions , in the better times of our ancestors , it was not the practice when a member preferred charges , to retort upon him , to question his motives , and the authenticity of the facts into which he proposed to inquire . Formerly they decided that even common fame was a sufficient ground for investigation . By this he did not mean mere rumour in the streets , but that general kind of report and understanding which came within every man 's knowledge and belief . He should like to see the man who would stand up in that house , place his hand upon his heart , and say , upon his honour , that he did not believe that such abuses existed , as it was the object of his hon . friend 's motion to investigate . He did not believe there would be one found who would stake his veracity and character upon such a point . Why was there such a reluctance to entertain this question ? Was it from the dread of French principles ? Why , this was the very way to avoid the danger of such principles , and the dreadful consequences that flowed from them . Did any man deny that the fact charged did not exist ? If there did , he should be glad to listen to his argu- 507 ments , and to be confuted by his reasoning . This was the only nation in Europe which was not subverted by French principles , and he feared now by French arms . The people of England asked for no innovation ; they called for nothing that was not their right . He was not surprized that those persons who , on a former occasion , called for accusation in a tangible shape , should perceive the folly of their conduct , and now shrink from an investigation into what they called falsehood , and calumnies.——He would now , with the permission of the house , say a few words on the subject of that dreadful monster