himself a debtor to government of 143,000l . making only a difference of 215,000l . ; and in the counter statement to shew this error , there was an item in one line , for mistakes , 31,000l . began by moving that the Resolution of that house on the 10th Dec. 1779 ; be then read ; it was read accordingly , and stated in substance , that it is `` highly criminal for any minister or ministers , or any other servant of the crown in Great Britain , directly or indirectly , to make use of the power of his office , in order to influence the election of members of parliament , and that an attempt to exercise that influence was an attack upon the dignity , the honour , and the independence of parliament , an infringement of the rights and the liberties of the people , and an attempt to sap the basis of our free and happy constitution . '' Mr. Madocks next moved the Resolution of that house on the 25th April , 487 1809 , be then read ; it was read accordingly , and alledged in substance , `` That while it was the bounden duty of that house to maintain at all times a jealous guard upon its purity , and not to suffer any attempt upon its privileges to pass unnoticed , the attempt in the present instance ( that of lord Castlereagh and Mr. Reding ) , not having been carried into effect , that house did not think it then necessary to proceed to any criminatory resolutions respecting the same . '' Mr. Madocks then said , that before he proceeded to redeem the pledge he had given to the house of bringing forward the charges he had that day to adduce , he thought it right to remind them of the opinion they had recorded of that criminal conduct , of which he then rose to accuse two of their own body . Before he entered directly into the statement of his charge , he trusted that the indulgence of the house would allow him to make a few preliminary observations , arising out of and bearing upon the subject . In his attempt at that time to discharge his duty , he hoped that he would discharge it in a manner that became his sense of it ; and in the first place , he was most anxious to abstain from every thing personal , from any thing that could give pretence for an imputation of the kind ; for he could in truth say , that no such charge could be justly imputed to him . He was influenced by no personal motives , it was to measures he looked , not to individuals . He entirely overlooked the men in the system ; a system which seemed to say , that corruption was necessary to govern Englishmen ; a system , which seemed to say that the English constitution was inadequate without the aid of corruption to the purposes of good government , was insufficient without corruption for social order , foreign relations , or self-defence . He denied , in the name of the constitution , the necessity of such a system , and thought that any attempt to argue its necessity was one of the strongest proofs of its dangerous and fatal tendency . It was against such a system his hostility was directed , and when he stood forth in that house the avowed enemy of corruption , he felt he had a right to claim the alliance of the hon gentlemen opposite in the same cause , who had recently stated that if instances of corruption did exist , it was the duty of the house to hunt them out , and drag them to light . In that feeling he shared with those hon . gentlemen , and trusted that the indignation they seemed to express at the theory of 488 corruption would not be allayed by an exposition of the practice . He for his part , was no party man—he was bound to no man