, reflected disgrace upon the parliament . It had never , until this session , been admitted in that house , that seats were publicly bought and sold ; or that the notoriety of the offence was to secure impunity for the guilt . If the house should not put a stop to this practice , it would be impossible to preserve its character , or to retain any portion of the respect of the public . did not rise for the purpose of retracting , or explaining away , any of the opinions he had stated on a former night . Those opinions he had formed by deliberate reflection in retirement , and they had been confirmed by his subsequent experience in life . He first had stated , that property and political power ought to be connected ; he was still of the same opinion ; but in standing up as the advocate of influence be did not mean to vindicate the practice of corruption . So far as influence could legitimately be exercised , it must extend to all property . He considered the Landed in- 999 terest and the country as identified ; and so far from admitting that the landed interest and the monied interest were correlative terms , he looked upon one as properly and constitutionally subservient to the other . He was of opinion , that an opportunity should be afforded to men of talents , and men possessing property in different parts of the empire , to obtain seats in that house , and sure he was , that that man would be a bad friend to his country , and a worse enemy to the constitution , who would exclude officers of the navy and army from parliament . It was his opinion that the crown should have the means to exercise an influence in that house . When parliament had formerly been assembled only to pass the acts proposed by the crown , then it might safely be as independent of the crown , as some gentlemen seemed to wish ; but now a great part of the government was carried on in that house ; and unless the crown had influence , the government could not go on . It was his wish and his firm conviction that the different branches of the legislature should and ought to be connected by means of this influence . If the branches were wholly independent of each other , such would be the effect of human frailties and passions , that they would be made to pull different ways . An hon . baronet , in alluding to an observation of his on a former night , that one week 's confusion would do irreparable mischief to the country , had asked him , Whether he thought this measure would produce confusion ? In answer , he had to state , that he certainly did not think so ; but when so many gentlemen resorted to such various means of misleading the public , and exciting unfavourable impressions as to the public establishments—the state of the army , which uniformly drove the enemy before it wherever it came in contact with then—the possibility of saving many millions of the public expenditure—he thought that any measure , which would be the result of popular clamour so raised , or public delusion so kept up , would be dangerous in the extreme . It was his opinion , that abuses ought to be corrected : but before that house should resort to strong measures , it was necessary to enquire , first , whether the abuses existed ; secondly , to consider the magnitude of the alleged abuses ; and thirdly , to take care that an evil of small extent should not be followed by too violent a remedy . The bill before the house , 1000 he thought , would go a good way to correct the scandalous corruption which was admitted to exist ; but then it would also have other effects , which he should deprecate . Yet , upon mature consideration , he was of opinion , that the