, that we should adopt every speculation that maybe promulgated ; but we should at least shew that pains are taken to reform and correct those errors we condemn . We are called on to abolish what is called the trade of parliament ! If a man comes into this house for money , he may be said to come as to a parliamentary lottery ; the holder speculates , and the public pays the prize , whatever it is . Of these speculators , some are commercial , some professional persons ; but the object of both is the same . Those who do not affect to apprehend danger from what they choose to term , a speculation , I would ask , has not the experiment been already tried , in the instance of the union with the sister country ? By that measure , whether justifiable or not , the 720 representation of that country became popular by the annihilation of its close boroughs , —Here , then , we find a practical experiment on the very subject ; and who is there will say that any evil has been the result of it ? It is the pride and boast of the British constitution , that it contains within itself the power of repair , rather than the principle of degenerating into anarchy and confusion—differing in this from all the other states of civilized Europe . It is upon these grounds , without detaining the house longer , that I pay my tribute of respect to the hon . gent . who has brought forward this measure , convinced as I am , that it is as necessary as it is useful . I have no objection to the word Reform , as applied to this mode of remedying abuses , satisfied as I am , that it is a safe and certain mode of preventing what is called anarchical reform . I shall therefore give my vote for your leaving the chair . said he concurred with the right hon . bart . who had just spoken , in regard to what he had said , relative to anarchical reform differing from parliamentary Reform , for the latter was a reform that took place in parliament , itself , and carried into execution by the collective wisdom of the nation . He should not , however , scruple in saying , that , unless he believed that the measure under consideration would lead to something further , as he hoped it would , he should not even vote for its going into a committee . He was of opinion that , amongst the electors of this country , even amongst those best constituted , there was infinitely more corruption than any man wishing well to the country could desire to contemplate ; and if that corruption were corrected , much would be done with regard to reform in parliament . It was a mere mockery , a gross and insulting mockery to say , that they shall not sell their votes one by one , when one individual was allowed to sell them all in the gross . He had no doubt that the hon . gent , who brought this measure forward , was actuated by the best intentions , as he thought it would be no inconsiderable step towards rectifying that degree of corruption to which parliament had sunk . But his own objection to the measure was , that it did not cut up that corruption by the roots but only lopped off a few branches from the worst parts of the constitution of parliament . The bill provided that every man 721 taking a seat in parliament shall take an oath that he has not promised to give , nor given any pecuniary consideration for it ; but this could not be effectual , while it did not impose any oath upon the nominator to those Boroughs . Under these circumstances , the house of commons would still be under the same influence it was before . He thought the original plan of reform , proposed by Mr. Pitt , was