. It could be nothing but a praise-worthy motive which could induce him to court preferment in the army , which , while it was an honourable , was also a laborious and hazardous profession . As for himself , he was solely actuated by a regard for the public service . He felt regret that the noble lord had been deprived of that rank to which he had so lately been promoted . He hoped that the circumstance would not deprive the country of the services of so gallant and meritorious an officer , as he was given to understand the noble lord had proved himself to be . He must , however , be allowed to congratulate the country on the result of the present business , as it proved that due regard would always be paid to the opinion of parliament and of the country . He congratulated the service on the victory which had thus been gained over ministers ; and by which an assurance was held out to them , that no deviation would be suffered to exist in the regulations of the army , when any such deviation was fairly and fully made the subject of investigation . Having said thus much , and again declaring himself to have been entirely free from every private or party motive , he begged leave to withdraw his motion.—Leave was given accordingly . rose to move the order of the day , for the house resolving itself into a committee upon the proposed Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges . declared his anxiety to learn whether it was proposed to defray the amount of the proposed increase out of the reduction of the Sinecure offices connected with our judiciary establishments ; a measure strongly recommended 834 by the most able reports of committees of that house . did not think that the present question should depend upon the nature or quantum of these proposed reductions . He considered the merits of the increase stood upon intrinsic grounds , and that the other was an after consideration . He then moved , that the Speaker do leave the chair for the purpose of going into a Committee . expressed his anxiety to guard against any misconception or misrepresentation of his opinions . He was distinctly a friend to the principle of the measure , upon the ground that to the great and valuable services of the judicial administration such an increase was highly necessary . But whilst he did justice to the judge , he also thought that it should not be withheld from the people . Fourteen years ago , after very laborious investigations , a Committee of that house had recommended the cessation of Sinecure offices , connected with the courts of law , to the amount of 27,879l . With such information before the house and the country , he asked whether the public were called upon to pay additional and deserved salaries to the Judges , that was not the proper moment to ask the minister who proposed it , whether it was his intention to meet such an additional augmentation from the fund , which must arise from the recommended reduction of useless offices in the courts of law ? The answer to the question he was solicitous to obtain , as it would determine his support to the particular motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . forbore to pledge himself to any conclusive course of conduce , relative to the reduction of those offices . The present measure stood , he contended , upon wholly independent grounds , without any reference whatsoever to the subordinate offices connected with such situations . also considered the present proposition wholly distinct from any reference to its collateral consequences . It was merely , whether in the present state of the public circumstances , the country was not called upon to render the elevated situation of a judge more commensurate with the labour he performed , and the dignity he was bound to support . then left the chair , and the house went into a Committee . after 835 various preliminary observations ,