architects and surveyors . But if he had incurred such an imputation before , he feared that still mere arrogance would be imputed to him when he declared , that after hearing all that had been said explanatory of the reports , so much relied upon by the gentlemen on the other side , he continued to retain the same opinion . The right hon . gent . became , he perceived , quite angry when he talked about attaching a feeling of suspicion to the whole conduct of ministers . For himself , he was ready to say , that he should be sorry for the existence of such a feeling if undeserved ; but from experience he must say , that he was highly glad to see that such a feeling prevailed , because he thought 42 that it rested upon good grounds , and that the public mind had been too long deceived.—One right hon . defender of the transaction to which his motion referred , had stated , that the ground sold to colonel Gordon was unfit to build upon . Now , he would ask that right hon . gent . how it came that if this ground was fit for the building of col. Gordon , it was not for that of Chelsea hospital ? As to the report of the physicians , it was impossible , he thought , that they could consider an Infirmary , occupying in the whole not more than a quarter of an acre of ground , as benefitted , or rather as uninjured , by a wall 8 feet high , built in such a position as to interrupt the free circulation of air . Sure he was , that no man of common sense could subscribe to the opinion . But , that such an institution should be subjected to such an inconvenience for the paltry consideration of 52l . a year , the idea was intolerable ! He would rather pay that sum out of his own pocket , than suffer such a grievance , than allow it to exist , if it were only to prevent a magnificent public edifice from being deformed , much less to preserve the comforts of a meritorious body of veterans . Among those who attempted to argue against him he could not help noticing the hyperbole of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Huskisson ) in his allusion to slave ships . Now , having said nothing whatever to warrant such an allusion , it was therefore quite misrepresentation ; and such misrepresentation of an opponent 's argument always furnished a presumption that the person using it was wrong.—After describing the situation of the ground upon which colonel Gordon was preparing to build , the hon . baronet said , that he knew many gentlemen who would , he had no doubt , be ready to give 10,000l . for it . With regard to the remarks of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that he looked at the whole conduct of ministers with a jaundiced eye , he assured the right hon . gent . that , on the contrary , he had no wish whatever to hamper or to supersede them . He had said often elsewhere what he would then repeat , that he thought them even as good ministers , under the present system , as any other set of gentlemen he knew were likely to make . But still he looked at them with jealousy , as he would at any ministers , and that jealousy was the natural result of the conviction upon his mind , that the public interests had not , for many years back , been attended to as they ought . When the right hon . gent . expressed his apprehension that 43 if this ground had not been let , he ( Sir F. ) was such a captious person , that probably he would have brought forward a complaint against ministers for being so improvident , he would appeal to the house , whether he had manifested any disposition to warrant such an apprehension ; whether