to be a little more explicit . entered into a more detailed explanation of his object . By the act of the 36th of George 3 , it had been enacted , that houses where debating societies were held on certain subjects therein described , and where money was received at the doors , should be licenced ; and that those houses in which such debates were held , and where money was received at the doors , without a licence , should be punished as disorderly . By the act of 39 Geo . 3 , it was enacted , that where debating societies of the description alluded to were held , and money received , and where the houses in which they were held had no licence , those houses should be deemed disorderly , `` within the meaning of the 30th of George 3 . `` —Now , if the 30th of George 3 , had created the offence of disorderly houses , then the signification of those words would have been plain , and it would have only been necessary to refer to the 36th for a definition of the term ; but that was not the case . The 39th of George 3 , had full operation , as declaring what was disorderly , and what was punishable , although the 36th were out of the case . But as he understood that by the introduction of the words referring to the 39th , doubts had arisen with respect to the meaning of the 39th , his object was to repeat those words , and leave the 39th without them . would have an opportunity , on the second reading , of stating his opinion of the bill . At the same time he must observe , that he thought the honourable and learned gentleman must have some cases to state to the house as the ground of his motion , or he would not , after the lapse often years , touch so delicate a question . He did not mean to dissent from the motion for bringing in the bill ; but he begged not to be understood as 617 precluded by that from opposing the measure in any future stage , if it should appear to him to be objectionable.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . moved the second reading of the Seats in Parliament Bill . The bill was then read a second time , and on the question that it be committed , stated , that he thought it right to take that opportunity of mentioning to the hon . gentleman , and to the house , the objections which pressed upon his mind as to this bill . He should not say that these objections might not be obviated ; but he felt it desirable to state them in that instance , in order to give gentlemen an opportunity of turning them in their minds , with a view to obviate them if possible . His first objection applied to the manner in which the bill described the offence ; his next objection was , to the manner in which the offence was to be punished ; and his third objection was against the manner , in which by a precautionary provision , it was proposed to prevent the recurrence of the offence . If the bill were to pass in its then form , it would comprehend a variety both of acts and conduct , which he was persuaded had never been in contemplation of the honourable framer . It would apply not only to the sale of seats in that house , but to the sale of property or interests , which might give influence in the return of members to that house . If this bill were to pass , no burgage tenures could be sold , nor any property that would carry with it influence at an election , without incurring the penalties of the bill . This was an insurmountable objection to it in its present form . Besides , it would act prospectively and retrospectively , directly and indirectly ,