, in answer to his majesty 's Message , assuring his majesty of their readiness to concur in every measure which could promote so desirable an object as that recommended in the Message . said , he could assure the house it was not with any wish to throw any objection in the way of extending the bounty of parliament to a class of individuals so deserving , that he rose to express his sentiments on the motion proposed for their lordships consideration . No man was more anxious than himself that the liberality of parliament should be extended to those small livings under 150l . per annum ; but he was apprehensive they were now called upon to agree to a measure without sufficient explanation , and which was to be left to the other house of parliament ; from those votes , he was led to conclude , the grant would come before their lordships at the end of the session , in the Appropriation Act . shortly explain- 832 ed : the purport of this measure was only for the present year , and the grant would be disposed of on the principle of Queen Ann 's Bounty . continued to be of opinion , that the manner adopted would leave their lordships an opportunity of only an imperfect discussion , as in the present instance on the message itself . He compared it to Mr. Palmer 's Claim ; and their lordships should now , as they did then , entertain a jealous sense of any infringement upon their privileges . entered into the merits of the measure under discussion . He conceived the privileges of the house would not , in the smallest degree , be affected by the present proceeding ; he shewed that the grant on Mr. Palmer 's Claim would not resemble the present ; the former was unprecedented , whereas the latter had been recognised by the legislature in a former act of parliament . He compared the difficulty of increasing small livings , in the reign of Queen Ann , with that of the present times ; there was on this account much room to be gratified . At that time , it was calculated it would take 203 years to increase small livings to fifty pounds a year , and 510 more to increase them to one hundred . This consideration probably led to the tardiness which ensued , and started difficulties in the way of their increase , accounted insurmountable . But , in the present times , on a moderate calculation , thirty-nine or forty years would produce what it was before calculated would require 203 years , and the other period of 510 years would be equally reduced in proportion . His lordship contended strenuously for the importance and the policy of attending to the interest and comfort of those clergymen who possessed small incomes . coincided with the sentiments of the noble viscount . He was sorry the session of parliament did not commence in November , and thereby afford more time for the discussion of important business , and prevent their attendance during the hot months , and during that season of the year when many of their lordships were called upon to attend their respective duties in the country . The contrary practice , in his opinion , prevented , on the present occasion , that necessary discussion which ought to precede such an important measure as that under consideration . rose , agreeably to the notice he had given on the subject of the papers , relative to lord Burghersh 's commission as a lieut.-colonel in the army . From circumstances which had occurred , he was happy to think , that it was not necessary for him to proceed in this business . He must , however , be allowed to say that , in bringing the appointment in question under the consideration of that house , he had not been actuated by any personal motive , or by any feeling of hostility to the noble lord who was the object of it . The noble lord had done nothing wrong