? I say I would not ; I would have made preparations ; but before I allowed myself to send an English army into Spain , I would have seen that there were reasonable grounds of success.—Then , let us consider under these circumstances , what we have done . Supposing the spirit of the people to have been as we wished it ; and I confess I was among the most sanguine upon that head ; let us consider what measures haw ; been taken with a view to bring the powers of this country to give the most effectual aid to the cause of Spain.—In considering this subject , I shall first state the different modes of action , and then it will not be necessary to do any thing more than state my objections to the plan upon which his majesty 's ministers resolved to act . I state that there were four different ways by which this country might have assisted Spain . We might have assisted Spain by sending an army to the north into Asturias and Biscay ; to Catalonia in the east ; by the attack of the French army in Portugal , or by assembling an army on the frontiers of that kingdom , with a view to operations in the south of Spain . As to assembling an array in the 130 north , it has , been stated by one minister , that it was a must chimerical project , but that was not always his sentiment ; for in one of his documents , we find Gijon and St. Andero pointed out as the best places to act in . Undoubtedly , with respect to the co-operation of an army as applicable to that point , much depended on the time . Unless sit acted in the month of August , it could not act at all ; the difficulties with respect to supplying the army with provisions would have been very great , in consequence of its having been found necessary to supply general Blake 's army . When I look to the difficulty of finding provisions , the disadvantages of the debarkation and the insecurity of a retreat , I am not inclined to say that that would have been an advisable point . As to Catalonia in the east I should say , that the time which would elapse before you could assemble an army there , would be an objection to that point . The remaining quarters to which an army might have been directed , are Portugal and the south of Spain , the preference to the one over the other depending upon the time ; that which is of the greatest value in all military operations . If you could have been ready in August or September , it might have been advantageous to have collected an army in the south of Spain . But , sure I am , if you could have sent an army before the end of September , there could be no question ( for reasons which I will not enter at large into , ) that the preference ought to have been given to the south , and that the disembarkation should have been at Cadiz instead of Corunna.—With respect to the advantage of the last mode of employing a British army , I am inclined to agree with his majesty 's ministers that it was striking an important blow by the destruction of the French force in Portugal , and by its effects in giving encouragement to the people in Portugal , and enabling you to avail yourselves of the whole population of that country in addition to that of Spain . I have therefore no difficulty in stating , that to commence an attack en the army in Portugal , provided that attack had been properly conducted as a part of a general plan , and not as a separate movement , which ended , as all such measures must end , that would unquestionably have been the best mode.—Let us consider how his majesty 's ministers found themselves called upon to act . I