the present occasion to offer that advice to ministers , in public , which he had suggested to them in private , but which had not been attended to . He had intended to advert more particularly to the affairs of Austria , but the recent news from that quarter had struck him with so unexpected a degree of satisfaction , that he should in some measure abstain from his intention . Certainly that power either knew , or ought to have known , the strength and situation of Buonaparté , previous to her entering into the present contest ; and yet we saw him collecting an army on the Rhine , with as much facility as if he were not engaged , either personally , or with his force , in Spain ; but when he found the French penetrate to Vienna , almost without resistance , he began to despair , and felt inclined to be parsimonious in the pecuniary assistance to be afforded to the Austrians . Since , however , his coming into the house , he had seen the French bulletin , and he found reason to hope a reverse had taken place in the hitherto unchecked career of victory . Whether the bridges on the Danube had been broken down by design or accident , signified nothing ; for when the French were compelled to retreat , his hopes began to revive . Under these circumstances , he did think that some money , though that sum should not be very large , should be risked in the support of the Austrian cause . The hon . general next 919 adverted to the state of Spain and Portugal , and pointed out the unfortunate consequences of the Convention . He also dwelt upon the conduct of Mr. Frere , whose advice had brought about the unfortunate retreat to Corunna , instead of a retreat to Lisbon , which was so much preferable , and which had been intended by the lamented sir John Moore . But ministers had sent another army to the Peninsula , and what was the prospect ? The enthusiasm of the Spaniards was not so great as at first , and since they were unable before to drive the enemy , consisting of 80,000 men , from behind the Ebro , what hope was there that they would now he able to expel from their territories an army of nearly 100,000 men ? It seemed the most hopeless plan that could be imagined , to send men to the Peninsula at present . He severely condemned the great noise made about the three skirmishes of sir Arthur Wellesley , which would give occasion to the people of the continent to say , that we were the animal in the lion 's skin—and that the noble lord was the daw in borrowed leathers— ( Lord Castlereagh was in the full uniform of his militia regiment . ) He blamed the mode of operations adopted at present in the Peninsula , and contended that the only chance of our doing any thing effectual was , to adopt a defensive plan till circumstances should arise to enable us to act offensively with a better prospect of success . He blamed the appointment of marquis Wellesley to Spain , and said that it would have been better to send lord W. Bentinck to the Junta , and send the marquis to Prince Charles , where he could do no harm . He concluded by recommending the greatest economy in the expenditure of the public money . observed , that if the news of the check received by the French armies in Austria were well-founded , ministers ought not to be niggardly in their assistance in money to Austria ; and if the case should require it he would recommend it to ministers , instead of three millions to take six millions . This was the first reverse that Buonaparté had met with ; and if it was of the extent reported , it would be incumbent on ministers to adopt a bolder policy , and make common cause with Austria , where the battle