must state what they had said as to the accusation against Mr. Wakefield of having abused the indulgence granted him , by exciting sedition in the gaol . He could not of course , pledge himself for the correctness of their assertions : but he was informed by them , that no complaint had ever been made by the magistrates on that head.—With regard to the method of striking the Special Juries and other practices said to prevail in the courts , he could say nothing of his own knowledge . But he did understand that improper practices had prevailed , and that there was some danger that the error might be fallen into of rendering punishment so severe as to convert the person punished into an object of compassion . On the subject of the sentence passed on the Petitioner , however , he would say nothing at present , because the subject had been carried before the house of lords by a writ of error . It would be proper to wait for the issue of that proceeding , unless some unreasonable delay took place . But , with regard to the mode in which Special Juries were struck , he must advert to that point , without meaning to assert positively what he did not know of his own knowledge , and was not ready with proof to substantiate . He was informed that the master of the Crown Office might pass over any name that he pleased by saying that such persons would not attend , a practice which placed it in his power to appoint any Jury he chose . If that practice did actually prevail , it was a most incorrect one , and ought to be prevented . Another practice which he was given to understand actually prevailed , or had only lately been abolished , was , that in cases between the crown and the subject , the Jury if they found a verdict for the crown had two guineas , whereas if they found a verdict for the subject they had only one gainea . This was a most indecent and improper practice , which ought to be abolished if it existed ; if it 184 did not , the public ought to he satisfied of that fact . Another practice of which he was also informed was , that Jurors if they gave verdicts for the crown were summoned over and over again ; but if they found for the subject they were never again summoned . Another practice , which he could only state from information , was , that the crown always paid double fees to the officers of the Court . If this was not true , it would of course be contradicted . But as the circumstance was at any rate believed by some , it ought to be stated , if only in order to be contradicted . He stated them besides because they might possibly , at some future period be the subject of a motion in reference to this business of Mr. White . If these things should turn out to be well founded , this would form the ground of a motion for referring the Petition to a committee ; if there was really no grievance in the case , he should be content with allowing the Petition to lie on the table . There was another circumstance which he ought to have noticed before , the confinement in a distant gaol . This was a great aggravation of the sentence ; and if it might be imposed at the discretion of the court formed a grievous hardship . Confinement for three years was at best a most heavy punishment ; but when it was aggravated by sending the prisoner to a distant gaol , the punishment , in his opinion , became severe in the extreme ; and it was certainly a subject which deserved the most serious attention of the house . said that he would take his full share in endeavouring to remedy any improper practices , whether confinement in distant gaols or any others , which should be