sake of punishing some rare , and hardly-heard-of enormities , ( the narrow but only rational object of the measure ) we should let loose upon them a principle of action like that above described , armed with such a weapon as this bill would put into its hands ? All the fanatical views and feelings , all the little bustling spirit of regulation , all the private enmities and quarrels would be at work , in addition to those more general passions before stated , and men be daily punished by summary jurisdiction , or left to wait in gaol for the meeting of a more regular tribunal , for offences , which were incapable of being defined , and which must be left therefore to the arbitrary and fluctuating standard , which the judge in either case happened to carry in his breast . The bill , instead of being called A Bill for preventing Cruelty to Animals , should be entitled , A Bill for harrassing and oppressing certain classes among the lower orders of the people . The manner in which it would be thrown upon them , and the scandalous injustice with which it would be attended , might be exemplified by one of the instances set forth by the authors of the bill themselves . The cruelties suffered by post-horses was a favourite topic . But on whom was the punishment to fall ? on the post boy or on the traveller ? On the post boy , who was the only person who would be seen inflicting these severities ? or on the traveller , who sat snug in the chaise , having only hinted to the post boy , that he meant to dine at the next stage , and that if he should not bring him in in time he would never go to his master 's house again , nor give him any thing for himself . This case of post horses belonged also to another head , to which he would now proceed ; namely , the objections to the bill on the score that it was doing that by law , which if people were sincere in their feelings , might be done by other methods . Laws never ought to be called in but where other powers fail . Upon whom was the whole force of this bill to be discharged ? what were the instances which were uppermost in every one 's mind , which had been first cited as proofs of the 1037 necessity of such a measure , and in which indeed the bill either would or was intended to act ? Why , the cruelties inflicted on horses by grooms , coach-men , post-boys , carmen , servants in husbandry , or others , to whom such animals were entrusted . But whose property were these ? Why , the property of persons , who had some , ( generally great , ) power respectively over the several classes of persons above enumerated ? Why do not these masters and owners exert themselves in earnest , in punishing such offences whenever they come within their cognizance , or are even known to them in a way which , though sufficient for them to act , would not authorize a legal process ? But , no ; they are often the direct parties , the parties interested in , and the parties instigating , the very cruelties or seventies which they affect to decry . One of the favourite instances in the fashionable female circles , as they are called , of this town , and who appear by the bye to have been very diligently canvassed , are the cases with which they have been continually shocked , of coachmen whipping their horses in public places : an instance by the way by no means of magnitude enough to call for the interference of the legislature . But be its magnitude what it will , why must the legislature be called in ? are there not means ( sufficient probably for punishing the offence adequately in each instance , but certainly for preventing