was ready to come to a decision ; and all that he could say , in addition to the remarks he had already made , would only serve to create embarrassment and delay , in a matter which was already sufficiently clear . could not listen without feelings of indignation at the levity with which the right hon . gent . chose to treat the motion of his hon . friend . The real 1059 question now before the house , was one of grave importance ; no less , than whether the country was to be amused with the pretence of a representation , or possess what was its undoubted right , the reality of one . After all that had lately passed in that house on this subject , after the novel and alarming situation in which the house had stood since the 12th of May last , after the just , the able , and the solemn comment from the Chair , on the unprecedented proceedings of that day , was it to be endured , that the motion of his hon . friend was to be treated as a matter of light and trivial importance , to be evaded by the trick of debate , or stifled without discussion by the mandate of ministerial authority . The right hon . gent . had through the course of his speech assumed , that the plan which the hon . baronet stated to be the one he should be inclined to prefer , was that , which would be ultimately insisted upon , and adopted in every particular . No such pledge was demanded or expected of the house . All that was required , all that the house was called upon to do , was to engage to entertain the subject seriously and sincerely in the ensuing session : called upon to do so , not only by the general merits of the question , resting as it did upon argument , reason , and authority , but called upon also in the most imperious manner by recent events , disclosures , and declarations in that house , which appalled all those , who unfeignedly valued the existence of the constitution , the prosperity of the country , and the character of parliament . This was what was required of the house , and if the voice of the people , so generally expressed of late throughout the kingdom , was attended to , this was what the people did expect , and had a right to demand . Mr. Madocks proceeded to state that his hon . friend , the worthy baronet , had been so often wilfully misrepresented , that nothing could be more decorous to this house , and serviceable to the interests of truth , than to explain in this stage of the consideration , the first principles on which he should be induced to wish a Reform in parliament to be framed and adopted . And in the consideration of this plan , where were the leading points , which were jointly subject to the levity , and attempt at sarcastic ridicule , in which the right hon . gent . was so disposed to indulge . Had he condescended to argue those points , he would indeed have found it the tough and difficult matter which no doubt his acuteness had ap- 1060 prised him of , and his shrewdness recommended him to avoid . Confining his open hostility to a few of the minor and subordinate points , which related chiefly to matters of regulation , he indulged in an excellent sham fight , and attempted to retreat , amidst the confusion he created , from the great objects , with which he feared to grapple . Let the right hon . gent . answer these few plain questions . What was the basis of the plans proposed by lord Chatham , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Grey , and all the former authorities on this subject ? Did not they propose to extinguish the rotten Boroughs and to reinforce the counties , and the landed representation ? Did they not