justice to his hon . friend to state that he went on Tuesday to inspect the ground , and had been refused admittance , and , as he was informed , by order of col. Gordon . He rang the bell , when a boy came out and informed him , that he had positive orders 112 from col. Gordon , not to admit any person . He then went on to the hospital , in order to get a written order for admission , from some of his friends there . He was not fortunate enough to meet with any of them , but left a note for one , requesting of him to send an order . The answer he received was , that it was not in his power ; but , that upon application to sir David Dundas , he might get an order . It was now said , that in the opinion of the physician and surgeon of the hospital , the former situation was not a proper one ; but this was the first time the house had heard of that fact . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Long ) had said , that on the day of the debate upon the subject in that house , a complaint had been made to the Chelsea board against the projected situation of the building ; but the right hon . gent . must remember that a notice had been given of the motion , [ It was on that day , observed Mr. Long , that the complaint was made . ] and a notice given in that house the day before the discussion took place , might easily travel to Chelsea , and give rise to the complaint . [ It was on the day of the notice , again said Mr. Long , with some earnestness , across the table , that the complaint was made , as will appear from the minutes of the board . ] There certainly could be no ground for the warmth shewn by the right hon . gent . ; his own object having been calmly to state his view of the case . did not doubt the statement made by the right hon . gent . ; but he was surprised , if that had been the case , that the circumstance had never been mentioned until this day . If he remembered what passed on the former occasion , not a word of this had been stated , and he even was persuaded that it had been said that the physician and surgeon of the hospital approved of the scite of the house . contended that he had stated the circumstance , and added that it was I he scite of the Infirmary that was said to have been approved of by the physician and surgeon of the hospital . thought , that as many members had been prevented from inspecting this ground , it would be desirable that the house should , on some future day , be made acquainted with the person who had given the order for exclusion : it required explanation , why , when a suspicion had been excited respecting the grant of this land , members had been refused the power of 113 inspecting it ; and he trusted that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Long ) would enquire into the matter , and communicate it to the house on some future day . The Papers were then ordered , and Mr. Huskisson presented them from the bar . , in rising to make the motion of which he had given notice , was aware of the difficulty in which he was placed by the late proceeding in that house respecting gen. Clavering . If he were not convinced of the importance of the question not only to the justice of that house , but to the liberty of the subject , he should be the last man to appeal to the magnanimity of parliament , or claim its indulgence for a proposition for altering a former decision . In doing this