, were both unnecessary , and if necessary , incompetent to their object , while they burthened the country with an expence of four millions per annum , and distressed its population . The right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Windham ) had said , that , from the indifference in which these bills had passed , the country seemed dead to its true interests , Mr. Moore said , that it was not the country that was dead to its interests , but it was their representatives in parliament who were dead to a true sense of their duty . He saw the measure was wholly unnecessary , and to justify himself in the opinion of his constituents , he would take the sense of the house upon it ; they should at least know that he was at his post , and doing his duty . said , the bill had already been so fully and frequently discussed , that even the rich and fertile mind of the right hon . gent . Mr. Windham had not that night been able to advance any thing new upon it . It was not , therefore , to be wondered at , that the members of that house , who had listened to so many discussion , and made up their minds on the subject , should not think it necessary to attend this last stage of it . It was that , and not any inattention to the interests of the public , that caused so thin a house at that moment . said , he thought the great danger of the country at the present crisis would arise from the enormous increase of its expenditure . The house ought , therefore , carefully to guard against all unnecessary expences ; and as the present measure would , without any just cause , add 1,200,000l . to the burdens of the people , who were already extremely distressed , he should , vote against the third reading of the bill . , referring to the accounts laid before the house , of the incidental expences of the Stamp Office departments in Eng- 341 land and Scotland , particularly pointed out some items in the accounts for England , which he thought required investigation . There were a number of trifling articles paid by the commissioners of their own authority , which he thought required investigation , such as servants wages to the house-keeper , and other small sums amounting to between 300l . and 400l . There was also a considerable sum of upwards of 2,700l . yearly charged as allowances to stampers for extra hours at 6d . per hour . He understood that all the servants of the office were paid for their time . If the salaries were too small they ought to be encreased . The only , and surely the most economical way , to have good servants , was to give them adequate and liberal salaries . He observed also a sum of 50l . to the warehouse-keeper for an increase of duty . All these sums he conceived should be made by public grant , and not at the discretion of the commissioners . In Scotland the items granted in this way were even to a greater amount , and there was one item which appeared to him to be particularly objectionable . This was a sum for premiums for procuring good bills for remitting the Stamp Duties from Scotland to England . He concluded by moving for an Account of the mode of managing , and Charges for managing the Stamp Duties in Scotland for the last two years , distinguishing each particular Charge . Also for the authority under which the different extra and incidental expences were paid in England and Scotland . And also for an account of the premiums for procuring good bills for remitting the Stamp Duties in Scotland to this country . agreed that the premiums for procuring good bills for the purpose of transmitting the Duties from Scotland to England , were an unnecessary expence . It arose from this circumstance , that the Bills