regular course in which it would have been administered under the authority of the Court of Admiralty . No remuneration was assigned for the Commissioners , because that was never done in the case of parliamentary Commissioners . Besides , it was not for the government , in the first instance , to fix upon any particular amount of remuneration . To shew what had been the conduct of the present government , he should refer to the Commissioners for Portuguese property , who were directed to restore the whole of the property , without any deduction of per cent- 301 age , to the Portuguese claimants who should prove themselves the owners , as a course most consistent with justice , and most worthy of the crown , and the character of the nation . Upon the whole , he did not think that any practical convenience could result from the adoption of the Resolutions of the hon . gent . and certainly he was not more liable to blame than the noble lord ( H. Petty ) who preceded him in office . But neither , he contended , was justly liable to blame . The effect of a general vote of censure upon all the successive governments , since the institution of these Commissioners , would fall entirely upon the present government . Seeing , therefore , that the act , which had been in operation for the last four years , provided for the effectual check of these accounts , and that the business was now in train to be fully and finally settled , the house he was confident , would not feel it necessary to entertain the Resolutions . The hon . gent . himself , would , he hoped , now that he was in possession of the uniform practice of the house in such cases , withdraw his motion ; but if he should not , it was his intention to move the previous question upon his Resolutions . would not consent that this motion should be withdrawn , or disposed of by the previous question . If ever there had been an instance of malversation of trust , it was this one new under discussion . In all parts of the Report there appeared proofs of trangressions of the act of parliament , of an abandonment of their duty , and of their instructions under that act , upon the part of these Commissioners . Their accounts had been made up apparently according to their instructions , but in reality with a view of disguising the real state of their illegal profits . If such malpractices , when proved incontestibly , should not be marked by the severest censure of that house , it would be an encouragement to corruption . Their conduct was aggravated by the manner in which they had given their evidence before the Committee . On their examination , they gave amended and explanatory answers to the questions which were put to them , but which , in fact , amounted to nothing else than gross prevarication , and direct , falsifications of their former testimony . They had presumed to say that they placed their balances in the hands of private bankers , as public officers do . Did public officers really do so ? Good God ! 302 was the floating security of individuals equal to that of the Bank of England ? Instead of being lodged in safety in the Bank of England , every Commissioner applied his proportion of the balance in the manner the most beneficial to himself . Those gentlemen began very early to appreciate their own merits , and drew , truly , a very handsome reward . Within the first year of their existence they had lodged 850,000l . in the hands of their private bankers , though during that period not a farthing had been paid by them into the Bank of England ; and within the last three years , the whole sum lodged in the Bulk of England , amounted only to 90,000l . If any bankrupt had given a statement of his effects in the