have said , that of the four plans they might have chosen any one ; but then it was absolutely necessary that they should have had 131 some plan . Buonaparté , in one of his publications , states , that success in military operations depends on having a regular plan . Whether the plan they might adopt would have been the best one , is quite another question ; yet , whatever they did , considering the interests of Spain , and the character of the enemy against whom they were to act , a regular plan was necessary before a single movement was made.—I have stated that the true policy of the country was to husband its resources , and concentrate its means , for a favourable opportunity . Now , let us see in what situation his majesty 's ministers found themselves at the commencement of the transactions in Spain . One expedition had been sent to Sweden , under that gallant and ever-to-be-lamented officer sir John Moore , with 11,000 men . If it was not for pressing circumstances , I would stop to speak of that expedition , in which 11,000 men were sent to assist the king of Sweden , attacked from Norway , by Russia , by France , and by Denmark . To support this monarch 11,000 men were sent , without any knowledge of any point on which they were to act , or without any thing having been previously concerted on the subject . Hence arose those extraordinary circumstances which have never yet been fully explained ; the return of the expedition without having effected or attempted any one object , in consequence of the manner of sending it out , whilst in these extraordinary times we had the extraordinary spectacle of the commander of a force sent out to assist an ally , compelled to escape from the capital of that ally in disguise . It is impossible to advert to what has happened to Sweden , without referring to a great deal of what has passed in this case . We have had under our consideration the unfortunate success of that expedition , in which the Danish navy was destroyed . It was said that the safety of Sweden was the object of that expedition . We now pay the penalty of that expedition by the state of ruin to which the king of Sweden by our means has been reduced . His majesty 's ministers think they did their duty by sending 11,000 men under an officer who does not know the object for which he is sent . When it arrived there , it seemed to be unexpected ; the king of Sweden is disappointed as to its employment , and we have the unfortunate circumstance of a British officer being forced to escape in disguise . Sir John Moore had been sent to Sweden with 11,000 men , 132 from whence he returned in the manner I described.—Another expedition , consisting of 5,000 men , under general Spencer , was destined for Ceuta ; which , having reconnoitred the place , found that nothing was to be done there : and a third under sir Arthur Wellesley , consisting of 9,000 men , as is now generally understood , was destined for South America . I am much afraid , that , even after the commencement of the ferment in Spain , ministers were looking out for some separate object for this country ; and that they thought it a good opportunity for plunder and conquest in South America . So late as the 14th of June , when sir Arthur Wellesley set out to take the command of the expedition , I do believe it was with the intention of going to South America . The noble earl ( Liverpool ) shakes his head , and says `` No ; '' but it is remarkable , that when the expedition sailed , it sailed with a great deficiency of horses . Now , it is well known that horses to draw the artillery and for the cavalry , would not have been necessary to