, this difference between their system and the plan of the noble lord , that by the latter one million four hundred thousand pounds more , of the war taxes would be appropriated to the payment of interest and sinking funds upon the last three years Loans than by the former . There was not , it was true , any sinking fund created in the present instance ; but that might be done hereafter , if it should be thought necessary ; and , at all events , the whole subject was open for the consideration and decision of parliament . said , he felt it an irksome task , upon the present occasion , to call their lordships ' attention to this subject of finance at this very late period of the session , when the attendance was so thin , and when he had to address nearly empty benches . Ministers seemed determined , that their lordships should scarcely have an opportunity of discussing this bill , by taking care to bring it up to that house at a period when a full attendance could scarcely be expected ; they did not even condescend to state its object , and thus it was , that a bill for imposing taxes in perpetuity upon the country , to the amount of a million a year , had hitherto passed through the greater part of its stages unnoticed , and almost unknown , and he even doubted whether many who heard him were at all aware , or had even a suspicion , that the object of the bill was to impose taxes to the amount of a million a year in perpetuity upon the country . The noble earl ( Liverpool ) , in contending that the annual expense of the war could not be definitely fixed at any limited sum , had contended for that , which nobody could doubt . Every one must be aware that the sum could not be precisely limited within the bounds of any previous calculation ; but here was an increase of expenditure , in the course of two years , to the amount of 9,000,000l . ; and yet , notwithstanding this enormous increase , a general apathy seem- 913 ed to prevail in the public mind upon the subject . The people , wholly indifferent to this most important consideration , were occupied in discussing minute points , with respect to which it was impossible that from any practicable modification any material alleviation of their burthens could arise , and those were only deluding them who endeavoured to persuade them that such would be the result . The enormous increase of 9,000,000l . in the public expenditure , and that in the short space of two years , was surely a subject of no ordinary importance , and demanded the most serious investigation . The noble earl had declined going into the discussion of those political measures from whence this enormous increase of expense had arisen ; but surely it was not enough to say , that this augmentation of expenditure had taken place in consequence of these measures , and that therefore it was unnecessary to inquire into it ; that the expense had been incurred , and therefore it was needless to go into the discussion of the political measures which occasioned it . Some substantial reason ought to be given to their lordships and the public for so enormous an increase of expense . Looking to the situation and the resources of the county , it must be at once evident that the greatest error , where all was error , was this enormous increase of the expenditure of the country , and this at a time when it was more than ever necessary that we should husband and economize our resources . The noble earl had objected to the financial plan of the late administration , that it assumed a definite annual expenditure , which it was impossible to keep within ; but it surely must be evident to every one , that some definite sum must be taken , in order to found upon