should agree to an Amendment in his first Resolution , but to the second and third Resolutions he could not agree . at that hour of the night , and after the very able speech of the noble lord who had opened the debate , as well as the able speeches of many gentlemen below him upon the floor , did not mean to trespass at any length upon the attention of the house . At the same time , the question was in itself of such importance , and so much had been said in extenuation of the case , founded upon the admission of the noble lord , and some observations which had fallen from the hon . gent . who had just sat down were such , that he was induced to trespass a short time upon the indulgence of the house , even at that late hour . If it had not been for the general gravity of that hon . gent. , and the serious manner in which he had produced these observations to the house , he should have supposed that there had been something ludicrous in his statement , from the effect it appeared to have produced upon the faces of the right hon . gentlemen opposite.—With respect to the question before the house , he could not see any objection to the original Resolutions proposed by the noble lord . As to the objections which had been taken to the second Resolution , that it was not founded in fact , he must observe , that though it was not exactly made out by the evidence , yet it would be very easy to amend it ; because the fact was , that the negociation had actually failed , in consequence of the interior agents not having been able to accomplish what they had undertaken . Did the noble lord perceive the impropriety of his conduct , and stop short in his pro- 245 gress to its accomplishment ? No such thing ; the offence , as far as he was to act , was intentionally committed , and he had no plea of extenuation , because it ultimately failed from the inefficiency of minor agents.—It had been argued , that if the noble lord had been aware of the character of Reding , or had an opportunity of again turning his attention to the transaction , it could never have taken place . But it would , indeed , have been surprising if the noble lord should not have broken off the business in the event of his having discovered the character of a man who was endeavouring to trick him . The hon . gent . who had just sat down had thought proper to make an allusion to a set of persons , what persons he could not tell , who were busy and ever active in decrying all the rank , and running down all that was eminent in the state . It was with regret he heard such an accusation proceed against any description of the British people from that hon . member . He had often heard complaints made in that house against calumniators and libellers , but highly as he valued the privileges of parliament , he knew of no privilege that would entitle any member to calumniate any class of his majesty 's subjects . He knew of no right , that any gentlemen could claim to utter misrepresentations against whole classes of the people of England , especially when so much mischief was likely to result from such calumnies going forth to the public . It was peculiarly hard that such a course should be adopted ; it was particularly so at a moment , too , when , ( as he must be permitted to state , even within the walls of that house ) , the character of parliament did not stand as high in the country as it ought . Under such circumstances , he thought it unfortunate , for that house , as well as injurious to the British public , to calumniate any class of the people of