In the year in which the noble lord had adopted that principle , it had been acted upon ; last year it had not , though but a very inconsiderable addition was made to the permanent taxes . In the present year it was his intention to apply to the war taxes , to provide for the greater part of the annual charge created , and not to impose any new tax whatever . He would not , however , be understood , when he declared his intention to apply to the war taxes this year as meaning , that in any future year he should adopt the same principle . The noble lord had , as he had already observed , suggested the propriety of suspending the progress of taxation for three years . He was ready to do justice to the noble lord for his intention to act upon his own principle , and was sure that he would have his concurrence in adopting it for the present year . Thus it would be acted upon during two years instead of three , as the noble lord originally proposed . Yet , if the noble lord should continue of opinion that the principle should be still further acted upon , he must allow , as he had distinctly stated on a former occasion , that a system adopted in contemplation of a given rate of expenditure should not continue to 536 be acted upon , if that expenditure should be increased . All those , who supported the proposition of the noble lord , would , he was sure , approve of his adoption of the principle for the present year , and think it a wise policy to abstain from new taxes , by drawing upon the war taxes to meet the charges arising out of the financial arrangements of the present year . The whole of the charge would not , however , be to be defrayed out of the war taxes . There was a bill at present before the house , for the consolidation of the customs , by the operation of which , by the way of regulation , he expected to obtain an addition to the permanent taxes of 105,000l . ; and in this calculation he believed he was within the sum that was likely to be produced . An addition , to nearly the same amount , was to be expected from the operation of the Consolidation Bill , in the war taxes . The sum so gained would be applied in diminution of the annual charge , so that he should not have to apply to the war taxes for much more than one million . He had suggested the propriety of taking a Vote of Credit for three millions for England ; but he trusted that it would not be expected that he should go at any length into an explanation of the manner in which that sum might be applied . There was , however , one circumstance arising out of the present state of the continent , which he felt it to be his duty to communicate to the house . Under the existing circumstances of the continent , it was not at the present moment thought desirable , that any definite arrangement should be entered into , which should give rise to any expectation that his majesty would furnish his allies with any very considerable pecuniary assistance . However anxious his majesty 's government might be to assist them in the struggle in which they were engaged , it was not their intention to hold out to those allies any expectation of pecuniary aid , during the present year , to a greater amount than would be covered by the Vote of Credit proposed . He had also to state that , though no treaty had been entered into with the Austrian government previous to the war , nor any engagement made with that power , vet an expectation did certainly exist on the part of that power , as to what this country would do in the event of a war taking place .