of his conduct , to justify such restriction . `` In addition to this heavy grievance , your Petitioner begs to state , that his family consists of a wife and two sons : —that , from the enjoyment of ail personal intercourse with one of his sons , whose business confines him in London , he is wholly-bereaved , by the great distance which separates them : —that his wife and his other son have taken lodgings at Dorchester , at an immense increased expence to your Petitioner , for the purpose of mitigating his calamity as much as possible by the comforts of their society ; but hitherto they have only been admitted , by the order of the magistrates , alternately to visit him for three days in a week , and each day limited to eight hours , with the exception of 182 your Petitioner 's wife , for some weeks past , having been permitted to be with him on a Sunday , and during the night , in consequence of the medical gentleman attending him having given it as his opinion that it was indispensibly necessary , on account of the alarming state of your Petitioner 's health . `` Your Petitioner trusts that this honourable house will liberally consider what , a cruel aggravation this must be , merely arising from the local rules of the magistrates , and neither expressed in the sentence , nor warranted by the bill of rights ; for , surely every father and husband must deem that imprisonment cruel which confines a man for three years , and allows him only twenty-four hours in each week to have intercourse with his wife and child . That your Petitioner has confined himself , in these instances , to a simple statement of facts , and commits the whole to the benignity , discretion , and wisdom , of your honourable house . `` Your Petitioner submits to the consideration of this honourable house , the extreme severity of the sentence passed upon him , as being contrary to the rights and liberties of every British subject in these realms , guaranteed to them by the Bill of Rights , which expressly says , `` that excessive fines ought not to be imposed , nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted , '' your Petitioner having already suffered , under a state of severe and dangerous illness , upwards of nine months imprisonment and banishment in Dorchester-Gaol , from his home , his business , and the County where he was tried , and which has already subjected him to a pecuniary expense of upwards of 500l. , and which , unless migitated by the interference of this honourable house , it is more than probable will prove fatal to the life of your Petitioner , and ruinous to his circumstances , and future welfare of his family . `` And your Petitioner most humbly craves that he may be permitted to prove the truth of his allegation before a Select Committee , or at the bar of your honourable house , and he prays such relief as in your wisdom shall seem meet . said , that he meant to do nothing more at present , than to move that the Petition do lie on the table . He could not of course pledge himself for the accuracy of the allegations , either as to the circumstances at the trial , or as to those which had taken place during the 183 confinement of the Petitioner . Yet as the Petition , though it contained some strong statements , was couched in terms respectful to the house , he thought it his duty as a member of parliament to present it . For what had been stated by his hon . friend ( Mr. Calcraft ) on a former occasion , when this subject was under consideration , he had the utmost respect . But at the same time , in justice to the feelings of the friends of that eminent scholar , Mr. Gilbert Wakefield , who was beloved and esteemed by all who knew him , he