and public services ; —they created influence , and should therefore disqualify for parliament , it might perhaps be right that a sinecure place held for life should not render the holder incapable of sitting in parliament . But sinecures were not always bestowed as the reward of merit : they were often granted without any reference to services , and in such cases were the instruments of the most pernicious and reprehensible species of influence . He had thus stated the views upon which he was induced to bring forward the Resolution he had to propose . He hoped , that no person would take alarm at the production of such a proposition at this particular moment , as if it was the first step to a Parliamentary Reform . Whatever might be the difference prevailing in the house upon the subject of Parliamentary Reform , he was persuaded , that this was a proposition which should unite both the advocates and the opponents of Reform in its support . Those who were adverse to Parliamentary Reform , according to the usual sense in which it was understood , would do well to vote for his Resolution . The adoption of such a proposition would shew the people , that the house of commons had the means and the 942 disposition to reform itself , and deprive the advocates of change of one of the strongest of their arguments against the constitution of that house . The friends of Parliamentary Reform , on the other hand , had an interest in supporting his proposition , because in whatever way the question of Reform may be disposed of , however the members of that house may be elected , they must agree with him , that it was not desirable that the influence of the crown should be increased in that house.—He did not recollect any thing further that was necessary for him to say on this subject in order to induce the house to agree to his Resolution . He had stated on a former night his opinion upon what was called granting remunerations , but what he considered anticipations of services . He was still of the same opinion , and looked upon such grants as a most prodigal waste of the public money.—Much he had heard said of purchasing the lives of professional men , that is , of giving them a compensation for abandoning their professions . This practice he was sure could not be right upon principle , and appeared to him to be a gross and glaring abuse , the growth of modern times . He was glad , however , to take that opportunity of adverting to what had fallen from a noble friend in answer to some observations he had made on a former night , relative to the appointment of a learned gentleman , Mr. M'Donald , to be an American commissioner . He felt pleasure in stating , that he believed his noble friend 's representation on that occasion , to have been correct , and that Mr. M'Donald not only had been distinguished in his profession , and ably executed the duties of a commissioner , to which he had been appointed , but had made no stipulation whatever respecting the amount of compensation to which he was entitled for having quitted his profession : the grant and the amount of that compensation having been the gratuitous retribution of the government . Though he considered the case of this gentleman as a distinguished exception , he was no less an enemy to the principle , and entirely condemned the practice . The hon . member then moved his Resolution to the following effect , `` Resolved that this house will early in the next session of parliament , take into its most serious consideration how far it may be expedient to provide some further limitation to the number of Persons holding seats in this House , to- 943 gether with Pensions , Sinecures , and Places of emolument under the crown . '' , as one of the persons alluded to by the hon . gent. , and whom