the duties were on the one 1s . 5d . per bushel , and on the other 2s . the bushel . Any subject , however , that excited so considerable an interest in so respectable a part of the community as the town of Liverpool , he should be at all times ready to pay every attention to . But it was now just at the end of the session , and too late to get the necessary information from those in Ireland who were so interested in the question . He should 786 be willing at an early period in the next session to agree to its being brought before the house , but he did not think the present the proper opportunity for discussing it . agreed with the right hon . gent . who had just spoken , on the propriety of postponing to the beginning of next session a question of such importance . entered into a chemical analysis of the nature of salt , and shewed , that the slower the process of drying the salt the slower the evaporation , the stronger the salt , and , that of course , if the process by fire was contrived to be as gradual as that by the sun , he did not see that the salt made by the fire , might not be as serviceable as the foreign bay salt . said , in explanation , that he was aware that an atttempt had been made in Lymington to make bay salt , and that it had failed . He said , that it was called bay salt , because made by being exposed to the sun in inlets or bays in Portugal . said , that he trusted his hon . friend who brought forward this motion would now be satisfied that it had met with as favourable a reception from his right hon . friend near him as circumstances could possibly admit of . He hoped , therefore , that the motion would not at present be pressed any farther , with understanding that the question would meet with every attention from that house early in the next session . said , that , the evidence at present was but ex parte evidence , and they ought to wait until they heard the sentiments of those in Ireland interested in the subject , before they decided either upon lowering the duties on British salt or augmenting those upon foreign salt . said , that England had been on all occasions bounteous and indulgent towards Ireland , in giving her every fair advantage in her trade ; and that if it was made out that the British salt was as effectual in curing provisions as the foreign salt , he thought Ireland should not object to the equalization of the duties . The bay salt was the cargo under which brandy in general was smuggled : and perhaps it might be owing to this method of disguising smuggling that the gentlemen in Ireland were able to drink such good wines . He had often been indebted to them for a very hospitable portion of their excellent wines ; and 787 he knew them to be very select in their wines in general , indeed they drank it much cheaper and better than gentlemen in this country were able to do ; and that they did so , might be owing to the Irish market being pretty abundantly supplied in this way . , pursuant to uotice , rose to make his promised motion , relative to the appointment of a person ( Mr. Beauchamp Hill ) , to a situation in the Excise in Ireland , in direct violation of a statute of regulation made for that country , and which was expressly intended to guard against the Frauds committed on the revenue of that country . If this should appear to be the case , and that the person alluded to had actually incurred his dismissal from the situation he had formerly held in the Excise , under the very letter and spirit of that act , instead of the promotion