Parliamentary Reform . A noble lord ( Milton ) , with an indiscretion honourable to himself , perhaps , and incidental to youth , had expressed himself decidedly against agitating the question at this time ; and , indeed , his sentiments seemed to go the length of condemning the principle of the measure altogether : this was not the proper time for discussing the propriety of a measure , which he conceived indispensably necessary to the salvation of the country ; but when the time did arrive , he should be prepared to support it . The noble lord had also said , that he should not think a bit the worse of ministers if they were found guilty of these charges . In this sentiment he perfectly coincided with him , though not precisely upon the same grounds . A gentleman under the gallery ( Mr. Cartwright ) had talked a great deal in praise of the blessings of the constitution , and the liberty we enjoyed ; but did he recollect that this was an instrument upon which another tune could be played ? Where he saw beauties , other persons could only perceive deformities . For his own part , he wished for no innovation . The principles that he was anxious to see adopted were to be found in the statute book . It was impossible the constitution could exist if its vitals were to be palsied by corruption . He considered it a great happiness that the country looked to this house for redress , and if they refused inquiry , the undoubted conclusion would be , that they wished to shelter the persons against whom the charge was made by his hon . friend and that these persons were guilty . An hon . member ( Mr. Curwen ) was of opinion that his bill would preclude the necessity of any investigation of this kind . Now , he was not quite so sanguine respecting the efficacy of that measure . The effect of it , he thought , would be to 508 leave the corrupt borough in the market , and take the purchaser out of it . The effect of it would be to throw all the corrupt representation into the hands of the Treasury , who had other means of corruption in their power besides the mere giving of money , and to render it impossible for a man of great landed property and local influence to find a person to represent that property and influence.—One word more with respect to informality . He could perceive that the accusation made by his hon friend was not agreeable to the feelings of the house , but he would maintain that he was strictly parliamentary . He informed the house of the facts , and he offered proofs of the charges . That was the whole extent of the motion before the house , and it would be seen by their decision what value they set upon the future opinion of the country . thought that those who were so loud in the condemnation of corruption did not sufficiently distinguish between corruption , properly so called , and the influence which property would always have in every well regulated society . The influence of property was one which ought to prevail as well as that of ability . He would always be glad to have some eminent lawyers in the house ; to see gentlemen of the army and navy there . The landed interest ought unquestionably to have its full weight , but he saw no reason why those who had their fortunes in chattels or money should be excluded . He saw no reason why some of the Directors of the East India Company should not possess seats in that house , since they had important interests to defend . ( Hear , hear ! in one quarter , and a laugh in another ) . There never was a question of importance discussed in that house , without a proof that the interests affected by it had some persons to represent them.—Under this system the country , in spite