. gent . seemed to have in view in bringing forward his present resolution , such influence was to a certain degree recognised , else the motion would have been , not that it should be diminished , but that it should be abolished and removed out of those walls . As to what he had heard of a great discontent prevailing in the public mind , on account of abuses in the constitution , he did not believe the fact . It was a topic used by those demagogues who argued at public meetings ; but he did not believe it was the sense of the country . He could not conceive any good that could possibly result from this motion , and therefore he could not support it . If the influence of the crown had increased , the influence of the popular part of the constitution had increased also . The increase of wealth and independence was a sort of countervailing influence which balanced the increasing influence of the crown . He was astonished that the hon . gent . should consider the establishment of the Local Militia as an increase of influence , when he must know that he himself was not in the slightest degree influenced by holding a high commission , that of colonel , in the Local Militia . The fact was , that the ap- 945 pointments were given , not by the crown , but upon the recommendation of the lord lieutenants of counties , to which recommendation the crown had certainly a negative . Conceiving that the motion could have no other effect but to prejudge the question , he should not support it . said , that as the Resolution was now worded it would prejudge the question , but he thought with a slight alteration that objection could be got rid of . If his hon . friend would limit his motion to a resolution , that the house should in the next session of parliament enter into the consideration of the subject alluded to in his notice , he should agree to the motion . Although he was not for yielding to popular clamour , yet if the public opinion evidently sat in one direction , he thought it ought not to controul absolutely the decisions of that house , but that it should induce them to consider that subject with peculiar attention . This matter , however , did not originate from popular clamour , or from any thing which took place out of doors ; it was from an act of the house itself ; from a Report of a Committee which they had appointed to investigate this particular business . Upon that ground , he thought the house might very properly pledge itself to take into consideration early in the next session , a report of one of their own committees . They would be only pledged to consider the subject , but not pledged as to the manner they were to determine OH it . He thought that some of the placemen mentioned ought not to sit in parliament ; but he disagreed with many people , in thinking there could be any sound objection to sinecure placemen and pensioners , who had their appointments for life . They were just as independent as any other men : and the late administration were constantly opposed by many persons of that description , and the present administration by some . rose , in consequence of the last observation which had fallen from the right hon . member , who appeared to him to have fallen into a great mistake . The confusion of the right hon . gent . seemed to consist in this . Many of those who held sinecures and pensions for life , when they voted against a particular administration , conceived they shewed a great deal of independence , and that therefore they were very fit and proper men to sit in that house . This was not , however , the sort of independence which he thought should 946 be required from those who called themselves the representatives of