seat ; but he thought it too much that a very severe penalty should attach on merely an implied contract . It was hard to say what slight circumstances might induce a jury to believe that a contract was implied , whenever an office was given to any person who was an elector . The giving money to an elector was , however , a very different thing ; and the motive could not be so easily misunderstood . expressed his astonishment that the right hon . gent . could suppose that a jury could imply any corrupt motive , where none existed , when it was so well known to be the duty of a jury to ascertain , by evidence , what was right and what was wrong . He was still satisfied there was no necessity for separating the provisions as to money from those as to offices . said , that , the only person to be turned out of parliament was the person who had purchased the seat ; he who had given it was liable to a penalty of 500l . objected to the right hon . gent . 's proposition upon another principle ; he objetced to the distinction which it went to draw between an express and an implied contract , the effect of which would be to render the provisions of the bill a mere delusion . The right hon . gent . 's proposition denied any jurisdiction to a committee or a court of law , unless an actual express corrupt agreement could be proved ; so that let the inference of such corruption be ever so strongly established , and the minds of the judge and jury ever so completely satisfied of the offence , it could not be punished . This he thought highly objectionable . With respect to the penalty of 4 or 500l . he did not think that the house would do its duty if it did not make the offence a misdemeanour . said , that the observation just made shewed him the necessity of the clause . It bad been stated , that in consequence of his proposition , a jury would be obliged to acquit , unless evidence of an express contract or agreement could he adduced . This , he was of opinion , ought to be the case . It was actually necessary to make such a provision , unless they wished to prevent the giving of offices to relations or friends . Somebody should be appointed to office it is true , but then it would be inquired why was A. preferred to B ? 902 and it would be difficult to explain that , unless by following up the qualification that led to the preference . It was to guard against charges of this nature that he had suggested his amendment . said , that if they determined that an express agreement should be proved , no Treasury would be absurd enough to come to an express agreement ; so that the evil would not be remedied . It was calculated to screen the Treasury . The right . hon . gentleman was willing to adopt the words , as applied to money ; but he ( Mr. T. ) was desirous to extend them to offices also , as he did not see any reason for the exception . said , that if one course was to be forbidden , and another permitted , they might depend upon it the course permitted would be the one adopted . Everyone of the corrupt transactions that had been performed were without any express agreement , and they would still continue to be transacted in the same way . If a jury was not competent to decide upon a question of implication , what would become of the administration of law in the country ? An implied agreement , he contended , was as capable of proof as an express one . said , it was well known that many voters , though they received nothing for their actual votes , obtained five guineas for shaving the member , or