; the performance of which could not but be intimately connected with our welfare , and even with the stability of our existence as a nation ; for whatever might be our apparent prosperity , however extensive , lofty , and splendid the edifice of our power , it would be insecure , and transitory , unless founded on the basis of an established religion , firmly and zealously upheld and protected by the supreme authority of the state . Whether , if his motion should be agreed to , he should submit any measure to their lordships in the ensuing session , was matter of future consideration . It would be far more satisfactory to him to see this subject in other , and abler hands . He had however discharged what he thought a duty in endeavouring to draw their attention to it , and from the manner in which they had been pleased to receive what he had said , he was willing to hope that in that respect he had not been disappointed.—His lordship then 857 moved , `` That , there be laid before this house an account of the number of Licences issued in each year at the general quarter sessions of the peace , in the several counties of England and Wales , and at the Registry in each diocese , from the commencement of the year 1780 to the end of the year 1808 under the Act 1 W. and M. commonly called the Toleration Act , and the 19 G. 3. c. 44 , entitled an Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers , and Schoolmasters . '' thought that it was not by any restrictive measure that any great and desirable object could be accomplished . He particularly recommended to their lordships ' consideration the small number of churches of the established worship compared to what was required . The people were desirous of procuring religious instruction ; and if they could not find it in the establishment , they were obliged to seek it elsewhere , in very many cases , while they would more readily receive it from the church of England . With this fact he was certain many of their lordships must be well acquainted . Give the church its fair and just opportunities , and he had not the slightest reason to imagine any danger to the establishment . The general superiority of education , the justly acquired influence , and the moral habits of the established clergy would , he was convinced , in that case , ensure those moral and religious advantages , that were so much desired by all who had at heart the welfare and happiness of the community at large . His lordship would propose an Amendment which would shew the progressive increase of Dissenters , or persons preaching and teaching , not being of the established church , more fully by going back towards the commencement of his majesty 's reign . He therefore moved the yearly returns should commence from the year 1700 instead of 1780. said , that the fact of the great increase of sectaries and dissenters from the established church of England , was one which was so clear that no man could doubt it . His grace supported the motion and the amendment , and expressed his approbation of the measure proposed on the evening preceding . The fact was , that our population had , particularly in some large towns , far exceeded the machinery by which the beneficial effects of our church establishment could be universally communicated . He did not wish to interfere in the smallest degree with the 858 wise and just system of toleration , and though he lamented the present deficiency of means on the part of the establishment , he was not friendly to measures of restriction ; so far from that , under the present circumstances , he should be sorry to see any such measures resorted to . But ha trusted their lordships would consider the real state and number of the parochial places of worship in the country under the establishment .