of a message from the Junta of Madrid to sir John Moore , and Mr. Frere could by no means be responsible for the selection of the messenger . But , whatever might be thought on this point , he trusted that there could be but one feeling on the sentiments expressed by Mr. Frere , when he declared that he did not despair of a cause which it was his bounden duty to support and encourage . He had before observed that the advance of sir J. Moore ( which advance he deemed perfectly justifiable ) could not be ascribed to the correspondence of Mr. Frere with sir J. Moore , 476 because sir J. Moore had not transmitted that correspondence to government as the cause of his movement . But not only did sir J. Moore not transmit his correspondence with Mr. Frere as the ground of his advance ; he ascribed it to other grounds . In his dispatches he stated it to have been resorted to `` in consonance with the general opinion , and also with that of Mr . Frere . `` —On what principle of justice , then , could it be said that this determination to advance arose solely from the solicitation of Mr. Frere ? With respect to the tone of Mr. Frere 's letters , although he confessed , that in the course of them there appeared something of apparent exasperation , he could yet readily conceive , and any man must be convinced who had read the letters which Mr. Frere received , that they were occasionally calculated to produce feelings not of the most pleasant description . But he had not stated all the grounds for his conviction , that sir John Moore 's advance was not to be ascribed to Mr. Frere 's interference . Previous to that advance , sir John Moore wrote to his noble friend near him , inclosing a letter of Marshal Soult , in which he was represented as critically situated , and liable to a successful attack . On the information contained in that intercepted letter , sir John Moore expressed his determination to advance . With respect to the advance itself he would say , that with all its consequences and disasters he preferred it to a retreat , at the moment of Mr. Frere 's remonstrance . Of those disasters he would not say a word . He would not charge any thing . The battle of Corunna covered every thing ; but the retreat itself , and the precipitancy of it he could never cease to regret . As for the advance , government were not responsible , so were they neither responsible for the subsequent transactions . The only way in which any responsibility could for a moment appear to attach to them , was from the circumstance of the transports not being at Corunna when the British army arrived there ; but any one who read sir John Moore 's dispatches must be immediately convinced that it was not the fault of government that the transports were sent to Vigo , and not to Corunna . He was far from wishing to speak of the disasters of war as the subject of anything but lamentation ; yet , however deeply he regretted the severe loss which the British sustained at the termination of the Spanish campaign , he could not but consider that termination as most honourable and advan- 477 tageous to the country . He hoped he was not less sensible than others to the value of military services and military men ; he hoped he did not feel less admiration than others , who had been in company with our naval and military heroes , of that glory before which all other glory became obscured . By the consent of all other ages , and notwithstanding the arguments of philosophy , and the deductions of reason , the military character stood pre-eminent in the world . Reverting to the state of Spain , he asked , whether because she had not yet been able to throw off the yoke of France to re-establish her