to desert their principal ; he should mention but one more instance wherein the Report stated , that during the short period of only four years after Mr. Palmer 's suspension , there had been an excess in the expenditure of above 187,000l . ; from that period to the present the excess had amounted to two millions ; and the average annual expenditure which at the time Mr. Palmer left the office , he had reduced below the amount at which he found it , was now more than double . When Mr. Palmer entered the office , the average annual expenditure exceeded 200,000l. , on leaving the office after nearly ten years management , notwithstanding the vast additional expence in consequence of the extension of the Posts by his plan , he had absolutely reduced this expenditure ; and from the period of his suspension up to the present time it had gradually increased to 400,000l . a year . The hon . member said that it was not for him to presume to dictate to the house , but he could not forbear giving his own opinion as a member , that if broad assertions like those made by such a man as Mr. Palmer , who was never known to fail in any expectation that he had held out to the public , were not worth enquiring into , he did not know what was . With respect to the gross accusation of fraud made by the right 709 hon . gent . against Mr. Palmer , he would only refer the house to the report of the Committee and the testimony of the Postmaster-General themselves . He wished he had as little reason to complain of the many misrepresentations of the right hon . gent . Amongst others he had told the house on a former occasion , that Mr. Palmer had deceived them , and the public by his assertion of his having saved government 20,000l . a year in the conveyance of the Mails , such saving being solely owing to their exemption from Turnpike tolls . But in fact the deception was on the part of the right hon . gent . as be could scarcely forget what he certainly knew at the time , that Mr. Palmer reduced the original contract made by government for the conveyance of the Mails at 3d . per mile to 1d . being a saving of two thirds of the expence , amounting to 24,000l . a year . The turnpike tolls had nothing to do with this saving , as the Mails had been equally exempt from them before . The hon . member said that he should have replied to the mis-statements of the right hon . gent . in the last session , but flattering himself from the repeated and decided majorities in favour of Mr. Palmer 's claims , it was impossible that justice could be withheld , he had determined not to trespass upon the patience of the house ; however , he hoped that all that had since passed would acquit him in having again troubled them . He should make no further observations upon the conduct of the right hon . gent . but could not drop the subject without making one appeal to his feelings . The right hon . gent . like Mr. Palmer , was now arrived at that period of life when reflections upon the vanities of this world must occasionally intrude , and when in spite of all our prejudices or partial affections , moments occurred when truth would present itself ; it was in such a moment that he intreated the right hon . gent . to draw a fair comparison betwixt Mr. Palmer and himself , to compare his own progress in life with Mr. Palmer 's , the fortune he had acquired with Mr. Palmer 's , the anxiety he had suffered with Mr. Palmer 's , the great services he had rendered to his country with Mr. Palmer 's ; and then to put it fairly to himself , if Mr. Palmer and his family were not as well