sustained by the Union , of the legislature being ignorant of the condition of Ireland and of the nature of the evils of which she complained . Besides the house should consider this motion with reference to the petitions on the table , and feel that they were now called upon to give an answer to those petitions . When a specific plan of redress was proposed of the evil complained of in these petitions , it was rejected for want of information , and will the house , now that a mode of obtaining information is brought forward , reject that also , and say we will neither adopt a remedy for the evil , nor enquire into the nature of your complaints ? If the house does so , it will do that in regard to the people of Inland , which his majesty would never do towards the meanest subject that petitioned him ; for an instance was never known where a complaint was preferred to the throne , to which at least this degree of attention was paid to it , of giving for answer to the person complaining , that the nature of the complaint should be enquired into . The hon . member said , that he hoped , therefore , that the house of commons would not refuse to give the same degree of attention to the complaints of the people of Ireland , which was uniformly given by his majesty to the complaints of even his poorest subjects . He moved , `` That an address be presented to his majesty , to appoint a special commission to enquire into the manner in which Tithes 794 are collected in Ireland , and such other matters relating to the buying and collecting of Tithes in that country as they shall judge it proper to direct their attention to , and to report thereon . '' ( secretary for Ireland ) opposed the motion , upon the ground , that before they went the length of addressing the king to appoint commissioners to make such inquiries they should first be satisfied , that some practicable measure could be proposed and adopted , to remedy the evils complained of , and acknowledged to exist , in regard to the buying of Tithes . It would only tend to raise the expectations of the people , while they could not realise them . The hon . gent . must be aware , that the feelings and passions of many individuals were already too much alive upon this subject throughout every district in Ireland ; besides , the house were not at present deprived of information upon Irish subjects . It might as well be said , that they could not legislate as to the Tithes of Scotland , without instituting an inquiry ; whereas it was well known that a law was lately passed relative thereto , merely upon the statement of those acquainted with that country . He doubted of the expediency of the mode of inquiry proposed , and also of its necessity , as sufficient information could be derived from gentlemen connected with Ireland . expressed his surprise at hearing such an opposition to this motion , as the former one had been opposed upon the ground of there being a want of sufficient information . With respect to exciting dangerous expectations in the minds of the people of Ireland , by the measure proposed , he could assure the right hon . gent . that they could only be excited by the continuance of the present system , and he was persuaded the inquiry would have quite an opposite tendency . There were parts of Ireland where the most serious disturbances had been excited within these last two years , upon this very subject ; and he was sorry to say , such had been the case in that very part which he had the honour to represent . He was convinced the right hon . gent . when he became acquainted with the actual state of the Tithes in Ireland , would retract his opinion and sentiments in a future session