the subject , and their uni- 689 form answer to his enquiry was , that no one could set up a small still without a certainty of ruin in the face of these bounties . He wished very much to hear the opinion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer for England on this point . No one ought to be more capable of giving one ; he wished to be set right by him if he was wrong , and he was ready to alter the opinion he had formed if he could shew him that it was erroneous . In a matter of so much importance to Ireland , and particularly to the financial condition of Ireland , he could not suppose the right hon . gent . would be silent , and that where so many Irish members thought the bounties ought to be discontinued , and where the question was whether or not the great defalcation of revenue from spirits was or was not to continue , he hoped that he would either vote with them , and shew to the committee that he had good reasons for voting with his right hon . friend . As to what the hon . member who spoke last had said in respect to the advantage of large stills to the tillage of Ireland , he must deny his position altogether ; the measure of the right hon . bart . near him giving Ireland a free trade in grain to England , was the cause of the present flourishing state of the tillage of Ireland ; besides in point of fact , there were no distilleries in those parts of Ireland where tillage flourished the most ; at Waterford , Clonmel , and the county of Kilkenny . The truth is , that these large stills are injurious to the agricultural interests of Ireland . They can only be worked in sea port towns , where coals can be had , and by persons of large , capital , and therefore the whole interior of the country is to be deprived of the demand for grain which distilleries would give if they were and could be established in the interior , the reasoning , therefore of those who maintained that these bounties , and that large stills were beneficial to Ireland , was of the falsest kind , as must be evident to every person who possessed the slightest information upon the subject.—The hon . member had called the plan of establishing small stills a new-fangled speculation . He begged to tell him that it had the authority of the Commissioners of Enquiry , and was even admitted to be a good plan by the right hon . gent . whose cause he professed to advocate . He should certainly vote for the amendment of his right hon . friend . agreed that in the greatest tillage counties there were no such 690 things as great stills ; it therefore was not fair to attribute to them the prosperity of such counties . supported the Amendment . contended , that it was impossible to take away the power of fining , without doing an injury to the country . There were instances of town lands being fined three times over for the same still . The informer should be rewarded , otherwise no discovery would be made . said , that there was a law already , by which the misconduct of officers was severely punished , which rendered it unnecessary to introduce any clause to that effect into the bill . The fact was , the revenue was injured by illicit distilleries , and the morals of the people corrupted . They were arrived at such a pitch as to require severe enactments . If gentlemen did not exert themselves to put them down , the severity of the law would not be the fault ; their own conduct alone would be liable to the charge of having given them encouragement . said that the proposition was to fine the vicinity where any materials used in a distillery were discovered . He was not against fining a guilty