that principle , which parliament have already recognized in the two measures which preceded it . But , my lords , under whatever name it may be disguised , I see , with joy , that it is a part of that system of reform which has commenced , and which , for the good of the country and the preservation of the constitution , will not , and ought not to cease . There is another observation made by the noble Secretary , with which I can not accord ; I consider myself bound to look at the provisions of this bill , before I can accede to the propriety of going into the committee . For with whatever pleasure I peruse the title and preamble , I feel considerably disappointed in directing my attention to the provisions . That part of the bill which is intended to prevent the disposal of seats in parliament , for money , meets with so much of my approbation , as to raise in my mind more astonishment at the clause which relates to corrupt influence , exercised through the disposal of offices . No man can doubt but the influence , exercised directly or indirectly , in the one case , is equally corrupt with that exercised in the other . But the bill before your lordships leaves the patronage of the crown unaffected , and his majesty 's ministers , while they are anxious to abrogate corrupt influence by money , leave their own influence a greater latitude of being corruptly exercised . When , my lords , I look at this gilded title and emblazoned preamble , with which it is intended to deceive us , and consider how much they are at variance with the provisions which are presented as the means of accomplishing the object , it reminds me of some of those romances or novels of the present day , which are printed on fine paper , bound in beautiful red morocco , and elegantly gilt , yet within contain principles of a most pernicious nature , subversive of good morals and destructive to virtue . This , my lords , I consider a very appropriate description of the bill upon your lordship 's table . It pretends to remedy abuse in one instance , and proceeds to sanction it in another . His majesty 's ministers have altered the measure completely from what it was originally , and , under colour of so plausible a title , now 1037 * attempt to deceive the nation . But , I trust , the time is not far distant , when we shall witness a temperate reform of every abuse , and a gradual completion of what has fortunately commenced . But unfortunately for the government and the country , the present bill , by the introduction of the word `` express '' has transferred the power of corruption to his majesty 's ministers , to be exercised by them without controul . On this account , the bill must incur my opposition . They may suppose they have deceived the people , but they will eventually find they have deceived themselves . They may rejoice they have outwitted the hon . gent . who introduced the measure , and have tripped up his heels ; but let them recollect they will not outwit the nation , nor trip up the heels of the country . ; —My lords , every one must bear testimony to the honest motives and sincerity with which the noble lord , who has just sat down , has invariably declared his sentiments , as an independent peer of parliament . As much as I am disposed in general to concur with the opinions of my noble friend , there can not be the same unanimity on the present occasion . It has been stated by the noble Secretary , that , for the first time , it has been acknowledged and avowed in parliament , that abuses , such as those which the bill professes to remedy , do actually exist ; It has also , my lords , been stated