be a most scandalous and injurious way of raising money upon the public . That a lottery engendered vice no man could deny ; the seductions were strong and numerous , and calculated to catch the lower orders of the people , whose minds were as weak as their passions were strong . A guinea for a shilling , and twenty thousand pounds for twenty were allurements they could not with stand . His feeling had ever been uniform on the subject , and he thought the evil so great that nothing but the necessities of the state could justify the resorting to lotteries . If it were at an earlier period of the practice , he should certainly vote against it , but as it was now become so interwoven with the system of finance , he saw no particular advantage in opposing it at present . defended 624 the measure , and said the hon . gent . who opposed it ( Mr. Whitbread ) seemed to argue , that if this species of gambling was put an end to , it would stop all kind of vice . This was , however , straining the argument much further than it would bear . The circumstances of misery which had been alluded to , arose not out of lotteries , but from insurances , and could never be the effect even of insurance if the lottery-were drawn in one day . That end he thought he could effect , and the course he proposed to follow was to confine the drawing to that period . The Little Goes were much more mischievous than the lottery , and if that was given up those would be greatly multiplied . He had considered the Report of the Committee with great attention , and he could by no means see the mischievous results which the hon . gent . who opposed the resolution seemed always to have in his view . considered the Lottery peculiarly objectionable , because it diffused a spirit of gambling among the people , while it produced no benefit to the public treasury in any degree commensurate to the injury it inflicted upon the interest of the community , by the number of victims which it produced ; by the crowds which it deprived of the means , and detached from the pursuit of industry . With regard to the argument that gambling would still go on , if this licensed course were put an end to , and therefore that it was better to continue the Lottery , and thus place the system under certain regulations , it appeared to be quite of the same nature , and equally fallacious with the reasons advanced to palliate the Slave Trade . For there it was urged , that if we discontinued the traffic , that it would be prosecuted by others without the mitigation of our regulated system . But such pretences could never reconcile his mind to the existence of a law for the toleration of that which was obviously wrong . would not have obtruded himself on their notice at that late hour , had he not thought the arguments of his right hon . friend opposite , sophisticated and fallacious . The right hon . gent . had stated , that if Lotteries were abolished , Little Goes would still exist , and cause all those evils to fall on the lower orders , which were deplored as resulting from State Lotteries . Had not public Lotteries been countenanced , Little Ones would never have been so general . The latter , however , were only sought after by per- 625 sons who had imbibed an itch for gaming . They did publicly hold out a temptation to seduce the honest and industrious from the paths of rectitude and sobriety , as is common with every State Lottery . made a few remarks on the bad effects of Lotteries.—After which the house divided , when the numbers appeared , For Lotteries 90 Against them 36 Majority in favour of Lotteries 54 rose to make his promised motion on the subject of Tithes in Ireland