There would be sufficient time during the next session even to think of this bill , if it should be deemed necessary . Upon these grounds , therefore , he should feel himself in duty bound to oppose the motion of the noble lord . said he had not entertained any intention of coming forward with this motion during the present session , because , from the general view which he took of the question , and the most mature consideration of all the circumstances , he thought it most wise to defer any further consideration of the subject , till the next session . However , though he had brought the existing bill into the house when it first originated , yet , aware as he was that when once brought in , it became public property , he could not help saying he wished the noble lord who had taken it up every success . If the noble lord entertained a different opinion of it , and of the policy of bringing 197 it forward at this time , he had undoubtedly done right in submitting his motion to the house . He had himself , in the last session , brought in his second measure , the Suspension Bill , not from choice but necessity ; prudential reasons operating on his mind to press no further at that period the bill for restraining the prerogative . In this line of conduct he had been supported by the arguments of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; and in the Third Report , which had been since laid upon the table , the question had been moderately , coolly , and he hoped , constitutionally discussed . He had it not in his power to carry his wishes to their full extent , but he was glad to do as much good as he could , though he could not do all he wished . A temperate discussion of the bill , now that it was brought forward , was certainly most adviseable ; and he , entertaining his former sentiments with respect to it , would of course give it his support , though he would much sooner it had not come at present under their consideration . He must do the Chancellor of the Exchequer the justice to say , that his opinions on the bill were uniformly the same , and that he never had expressed any sanguine hope of an economical result from it . In this point , however , he undoubtedly differed from him , and could not help thinking that much retrenchment with great public advantage might take place in many offices , such for instance as in those of Tellers of the Exchequer . He had been induced thus shortly to state his sentiments on the bill , in order to set the house right as to his views of it , and that they might see he was not actuated by any spirit of indifference on the occasion , nor could be induced to abandon a measure in which the good of the country was so deeply interested . He thought there was time enough for a full consideration of the bill in the six weeks which had been reserved for it in the next session , and much wished its discussion had been deferred to that period ; but since it had been brought forward be would support it to the utmost . observed , that after the great length at which the noble mover had gone into this question , it was not his intention to investigate its merits very largely . He could not help , however , remarking shortly upon the arguments of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , as they appeared to him to be very extraordinary . The right hon . gent , had began by remarking , that he did not think this bill 198 likely to be attended with any economical effects . He would only ask him to appeal to the limited reforms of Mr. Pitt , of all the reformers in this country , and of all the ministers in