vigour , was the conveyance of 22,000 French troops from Portugal , to a port of France much nearer for their co-operation with the French army in Spain . If Spain was to have been the ultimate object of the expedition , Portugal was not the point to which it should first have been directed ; because Junot , who had no means of sending troops to suppress an insurrection at Badajoz , as appeared by the intercepted dispatches , could not march to the assistance of the French in Spain ; and if our expedition had been sent directly to Spain , we might afterwards have accomplished our object in Portugal , without the blood it had cost in the actual accomplishment . The British army might have been more beneficially employed , conjointly with our maritime force , on the flanks of Spain , in Catalonia and in Biscay , where it might have occupied Barcelona and St. Sebastian , in which case it might have prevented the escape of Joseph Buonaparté from Spain ; or the British troops should have been sent to the south of Spain , where they might have taken post with the Sierra Morena in their front , the Guadal-quiver on one flank , and the arsenal and fortress of Cadiz in their rear , besides our own impregnable position at Gibraltar . It appeared that ministers had sent the army to the south when they ought to have sent it to the north , and to the north when they should have sent it to the south . His object , therefore , was to prove , as he should do satisfactorily from the papers on the table , that they had shewn themselves unable to execute even their own projects . They seemed to have been altogether inattentive to the situation of affairs in Spain , until the occasion had gone by for promoting her cause with any prospect of success . So early as May , applications for assistance had been made by some of the provinces ; Dupont had surrendered in July , and about the 1st of August Joseph Buonaparté had been obliged to withdraw from Madrid . On the 4th September , too , the emperor Napoleon , not disguising his views , had declared , in his message to his senate , his intention to conquer Spain , and thanked his God , his fortune , and his star , that the madness of the British cabinet had sent an army to encounter him in that country . The French ruler then 444 poured in his troops , in one continual uninterrupted stream , from the Rhine and the Vistula , into Spain . It was not , however , till September , that his majesty 's ministers first communicated their intention to sir Hew Dalrymple to inarch a British force into Spain . If they had been deceived by diminished statements of the French force , and exaggerated accounts of the Spanish armies received from Spain , they might have had some excuse for their conduct at that period ; but the contrary was the fact , as appeared from the first dispatches from lord William Bentinck , of which ministers were in possession before they ordered any troops to proceed to Spain . They had equally correct information in the dispatch of general Broderick . There were only two men , Morla , who had sold the Spanish cause , and Buonaparté , who resolved on the conquest of Spain , who could wish an English army at that precise period to advance into Spain under the actual circumstances ; that Morla , whose intrigues for the surrender of Cadiz , and the fleet and arsenal , to the French , were now well known , and who had shewn an invincible jealousy against the presence in the south of Spain of a British force which might watch , and be a check upon , his traitorous motions.—Lord William Bentinck , in his first dispatch , stated that the Spanish armies were disorganized ; that the Spanish government had not taken the first and