appeared from their proceedings at several of their corporate and parochial meetings , he begged permission to state shortly the facts that had induced him to call for these papers . And in doing so , he particularly wished that the house would bear in mind , that the citizens of Dublin are now paying , under the 47th of the king , heavy and enormous taxes for the support of this new establishment , and that common justice requires , that , if they are to pay a great deal more than formerly , the services they were to receive in return ought to be in the same proportion . It appeared , however , that the Commissioners of this board were more active in levying the taxes than in rendering such services ; for by the act of last session , they were empowered to raise the tax on each house to any sum not exceeding 4s . 6d . in the pound , on the valuation of minister 's money , and this power they carried into effect upon the very first meeting after the act , by assessing to the full amount allowed by the act ; and yet , though this increase was more than double the former tax , the first step of the Commissioners was to take down nearly half the number of lamps in a city not too well lighted before . One of the papers he should move for would contain a return of the number of those lamps , and when gentlemen read that paper , they would , no doubt , think with him that it was rather a novel mode of improving the lighting of the city , to put out half the number of its lamps . Nor could he think it the most reasonable proceeding towards the citizens , first to make them pay double , and then to abridge their accom- 19 modation one-half . And indeed of the remaining half , the lamps were so badly fed with oil , that they were in general completely extinguished by one or two in the morning , so that the city was in total darkness from that hour till the return of day-light . It was wholly unnecessary for him to comment upon the many inconveniences and dangers which must result from a neglect of this sort . The next paper he intended to move for was a return of the expences incurred in opening a sewer in Capel-street , one of the most populous streets in the city . It seemed the Commissioners were very anxious to carry into effect a favourite project of their own ; this project was , to make a sewer with ledges to support main pipes , and large enough for men to work in . And here he begged that the house would observe that this project had been submitted to the ablest and most eminent engineers in either country , who had one and all , after the maturest consideration , condemned it as intolerably expensive , most absurd , and absolutely impracticable . One would have expected that after such an opinion from the best judges , the Commissioners would have paused before they would have wantonly squandered away the public money in useless experiments ; but so far from it , they immediately proceeded to open an immense gulph in one of the most frequented streets , widening the gulph until the very foundations of the houses were in danger , and the houses themselves were shut out from all access by the quantity of earth thrown up on each side , and all business actually suspended for three months in one of the most trading streets in the City of Dublin . So severely was this nuisance felt , that the corporation petioned the lord lieutenant , and his grace , with all his characteristic politeness and attention , interfered and put a stop to the work till the propriety of continuing it should be farther considered . The opening of this sewer to the extent of about 30 yards cost little short of 1,000l