and by their superior activity and strength to lessen his labour , in the whole circle of his concerns , different protections become necessary , and they are also provided for by the bill , and without the loss or abridgment of any one right of property in such animals . On the contrary , all its provisions protect them , as property , from the abuses of those to whose care and government their own- 561 ers are obliged to commit them . They also reach the owners themselves , if , from an inordinate desire of gain , or other selfish consideration , they abuse the animals , their property in which is limited to the use . It would be wasting your lordships ' time if I were to enumerate the probable cases which this part of the bill will comprehend . It is well observed by an Italian philosopher , `` that no man desires to hear what he has already seen . '' Your lordships can not have walked the streets , or travelled on the roads , without being perfectly masters of this part of the subject . You can not but have been almost daily witnesses to most disgusting cruelties practised upon beasts of carriage and burthen , by the violence and brutality of their drivers . To distinguish such brutality and criminal violence , from severe , but sometimes necessary discipline , may at first view appear difficult , and on that account a serious objection to the bill ; but when I come to that part of the subject , I pledge myself to shew that it involves no difficulty whatsoever . But there are other abuses far more frequent and important , which will require a more particular consideration . For one act of cruelty in servants , there are an hundred in the owners of beasts of labour and burthen , sometimes committed by the owners alone , from a scandalous desire of gain , and sometimes in a most unworthy partnership with their superiors , who are equally guilty , with no gain at all , nor for any motive that it would not be disgraceful to acknowledge . I allude , my lords , to our unhappy post-horses . It is not my wish , my lords , to be a fanciful reformer of the world , nor to exact that the manners and customs of a highly civilized nation , should be brought to the standard of simplicity and virtue , if indeed such a standard ever existed upon earth . I do not seek to appoint inspectors to examine the books of inn-keepers , so as to punish any excess in the numbers of their stages , as you do an excess of outside passengers on the roofs of coaches . I know there are very many cases ( which could not be brought strictly within the scope of necessities ) where these poor animals must grievously suffer , yet where no law can properly reach to protect them . The demands , though not imminent , of human health , and even of convenience ; the occasional exigencies of commerce ; the exercise of franchises , and many other cases which must occur to every body , would furnish obvious exceptions without 562 violation of the principle , and which every court and magistrate would know how to distinguish . But the bill , if properly executed , would expose inn-keepers to a reasonable punishment , who will palpably devote an innocent animal to extreme misery , if not to death itself , by a manifest and outrageous excess of labour , rather than disoblige a mere traveller , engaged in no extraordinary business , lest in future he should go to the inn opposite—when the law shall give a rule for both sides of the way , this most infamous competition will be at an end . For my own part , my lords , I can say with the greatest sincerity to your lordships , that nothing has ever excited in my mind greater disgust , than to observe what we all