said across the table , he did not believe it . ] The hon . gent . was welcome not to believe it if he chose , but he ( Mr. Whit-bread ) believed it , and thought it was a question even whether that board ought to be allowed to exist at all or not . Some time since a noble lord , member for Westminster , whose gallant and patriotic achievements were the theme of every man 's panegyric , ( lord Cochrane ) , was of opinion , that the influence of the crown in that house was greater than it ought to be , and moved for a return of all the members holding offices , sinecures , or pensions under government . That motion was afterwards made more general , and the returns to it referred to a committee , the Third Report of which committee was then before them . The influence of the crown he still thought greater than it ought to be in that house . He certainly did not mean to say that no officer of the Crown should sit in that house , but he thought the error too much on the other side . There were for instance the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the other ministers of state , who might have seats in parliament ; but it was not necessary for all the lords of the treasury , who , indeed , were generally silent in the house . Secretaries of the treasury may also have a seat in the house . Of one of these gentlemen he did not mean to speak otherwise than in panegyric , for his close and accurate habits of business , but the other was absolutely a mute , of whom they heard nothing , but saw a great deal . The Lords of the Admiralty , perhaps , also ought to 878 be excluded , but to the liveliness of one of them , he must pay his tribute . One person perhaps connected with the board of controul was requisite in the house . Of its President he could not speak , for he was at present so full of his Irish affairs , that in fact the office was vacant . Persons holding that office were understood to act gratuitously on their first appointment , but that idea was soon done away , and lord Melville received much in the shape of salary before he was created Treasurer of the Navy , and then created two new offices for the education of young statesmen under him . It was not exactly conformable to Mr. Pitt 's practise , for young men who were but a few years in office to take pensions for life . He did not wish to speak of living persons , but he must be excused for the allusion , as so many were mentioned in the Report . He did not see the propriety of giving persons pensions for life after being in office two or three years . Men of talent would be found to fill the principal offices of the state , even though they were not thus pensioned off . Mr. Pitt , whom the gentlemen opposite professed to make their model , did not act so . He did not seek some snug thing for himself as soon as he got into power . He ( Mr. Whitbread ) thought the influence of the crown in that house ought to be less than it was , and would therefore , in order to bring the question fairly before the committee , more as an amendment on the Resolution , that the words `` And as a further limitation , be it provided , that no person shall hold a seat in this house having a sinecure or other private place of emolument under I the crown , '' should be added . He wished to say a word or two on those very respectable members , the Welsh Judges . Though he thought them less exceptionable than others , yet there was a something in their sitting there