. He desired that the petitions from the Queen 's county and the county of Kerry might be read ; he then read the resolutions of the counties of Tipperary , Clare , Wicklow , and Armagh , the purport of which went to point out the policy of a Commutation of Tithes , and addressed the Chair nearly as follows : I have thought it right , Mr. Speaker , to put the house in possession of the information contained in these petitions and resolutions , in order that it might be known to the house , that the motion which I shall have the honour to submit to it , is not one that arises from the wish of an individual to agitate this most important subject , but that it is one which has been called for by the public voice of a large portion of the people of Ireland . The six counties which have thus delivered an opinion upon the subject , being each of them of very considerable extent , and , as far as I am able to form an opinion , the faithful organ of the universal opinion of the people of Ireland.—I have no hesitation in saying , that it is the universal wish of the people of Ireland , that an alteration should take place in the mode by which the clergy of the established church are now paid , and amongst the people of Ireland I will go so far as to include the clergy themselves , because I know from an extensive personal acquaintance with that body , and from the grievances that they sustain under the existing system , that it is their wish , as well as their interest , that an alteration should take place . Before , Sir , I enter upon an explanation of the motion which I shall submit to the house , I wish to make a few prefatory observations . I am particularly desirous to be understood as not attri- 626 buting to the conduct of the clergy , the grievances which the people of Ireland sustain on account of Tithes ; for , though particular instances of oppression have occurred , I think there is no ground for bringing a general charge of oppression against that body . On the contrary , I believe they do not levy any thing like a full tenth of the produce of the land . There are no small Tithes in Ireland , a modus having been established against them . There are no Tithes on cattle ; for neither potatoes or flax in the north of Ireland are Tithes paid . The Tithe on hay in Connaught is 6d . only on any quantity ; and throughout the country in general , the following statement will apply : an acre of wheat producing an average crop of 8 barrels , at an average price of 30s . would give a Tithe of 1-10th of the produce of 24s . ; whereas the usual rate of charge is 12s . : an acre of barley producing an average crop of 13 barrels , at an average price of 13s. , would give a Tithe of 19s .. 8d . ; whereas the usual rate of charge is 9s . 8d . : an acre of oats , producing an average crop of 12 barrels , at an average price of 14s . would give a Tithe of 16s . ; whereas the usual charge is 7s . an acre of meadow producing an average crop of 2½ tons , at an average price of 50s. , would give a Tithe of 12s . 6d . ; whereas the usual charge is 6s . : and an acre of potatoes producing an average crop of 70 barrels , at an average price of 4s. , would give a Tithe of 28s . ; whereas the usual charge is 8s . For these reasons , therefore , I do not conceive that any blame attaches to the clergy , as a body , for exorbitant exaction of Tithes . I am wish it to be