was averse from the pledge , because he was not convinced that the generality of the people were anxious for a reform . But at the same time he agreed that the hon . baronet had been unkindly treated . No speech was ever more distinguished for its candour and moderation , or less calculated lo irritate the passions , than that of the hon . baronet . He wished gentlemen would explain a little what they meant by the restoration of the constitution to its original purity . He could not find , in the course of his reading , any time when the people had greater weight in the constitution , than at present . asked , whether the constitution in ancient times depended so much upon the borough system ? In this respect it might be purified . In ancient times the representation was a representation of property . These boroughs were once places of great wealth and property , and upon that ground sent members to parliament . But circumstances being altered , the representation ought to be varied accordingly . In former times , none were free except freeholders ; but now copyholders were equally free and secure , and might therefore partake of the freeholders ' privileges . As to the personal reflections thrown out against the hon . baronet , any one conscious of the purity of his motives might easily despise these , and in truth , it was always a proof of a bad cause on the side of those who resorted to such means of defence . As to the particular plan of the hon . baronet , he saw very great objections to it in many points of view . But he understood the hon . baronet to require no more than a pledge from the house , that it would consider the subject . He was not over fond of pledges , but concurring in the principle , he would 1070 vote for it if pushed to a division . The gentlemen opposite were averse to any consideration of the subject ; they would have nothing reformed , and resembled squire Western in Tom Jones , who in one of his disputes with his sister , exclaimed . `` that he would be d—d if he went to church if the liturgy was amended . '' declared himself friendly to the question of reform , and would vote for entertaining it without pledging himself to the particular plan . The right hon . gent . opposite said , that the generality of the people were not disposed for reform , How did the right hon . gent . ascertain this ? The people in their public meetings had , from one end of the kingdom to the other , expressed themselves in favour of reform ; and how could their sentiments be collected , except in their public meetings ? It had also been said , that the people scarcely ever complained of the decisions of that house . How could that be known ? There might be many decisions with which the nation was highly displeased , though its sentiments were not openly expressed . The decision in the case of the Duke of York might have been passed over in this manner , had it not been for some peculiar circumstances in that case which roused the people to a loud and almost universal declaration of their disapprobation . The people had only to become familiar with Reform to see its propriety , and even necessity . It was only by connecting it with the French Revolution , with `` no popery , '' & c. that it had for a time been rendered unpopular . All this , however , was now over . The people would judge coolly and temperately , without allowing themselves to be distracted by such artifices as these . He did not at all pledge himself to the support of the plan now proposed ; but as nothing more was required by this Resolution than that the house should take the subject into consideration early in the next session ,