entitled to the hard-earned profits he had acquired , as the right hon . gent . to the wealth he had amassed , the places and the pensions which he still enjoyed , and his family their reversion . The hon . mem- 710 ber concluded with expressing his hopes that the little which was asked for by the motion , or had been stated against it , would ensure its adoption by the house , but if it failed he should not regret the having brought it forward , as it must serve as a further proof of the conviction Mr. Palmer felt of the justice of his cause , to forego the verdict of the house in its favour and submit it to the uncertain issue of the law ; and it would also afford an opportunity to those who had been adverse to the claim to avoid all imputations upon the motives of their own decision in the case , by leaving it to that of a jury . hoped that the strong personal allusions which had been made to him , would sufficiently apologise for his again rising . He denied that he had been influenced by any other motive in the parts he took in this business , than a wish to defend him who could not now defend himself , and who had been charged with gross injustice in this transaction towards Mr. Palmer . Mr. Pitt had an high opinion of Mr. Palmer 's talents and services ; but nothing , he was concerned to state , but Mr. Palmer 's own misconduct , was the cause of his removal . At the same time he admitted , that certainly Mr. Palmer had in the beginning many difficulties to encounter , and had to contend against a teazing opposition on the part of those who did not think as highly , nor ( as the event proved ) as justly of the plan as Mr. Palmer did . As to the origins of Mr. Palmer and himself , he asked , if he ever had made any allusion to Mr. Palmer 's origin ? Never . He was incapable of such indelicacy . defended the evidence he had given before the committees of the house , and affirmed that he had never varied from , any evidence or opinion delivered by him on this subject . There never was an agreement with Mr. Palmer , which did not include the discharge of his official duties . Mr. Palmer had misconducted himself in his office , and had therefore violated the agreement . At the same time he acknowledged the merits of Mr. Palmer . suggested that the officers of the crown should not take advantage of the Statute of Limitations , nor of the non-liability of the public officer . This was the purport of the address ; to place Mr. Palmer in a situation to try the merits of his case . He stated that he meant to propose an Amendment pursuant to this suggestion . The Gallery was then cleared , but an 711 interval of an hour and a half elapsed before the division took place . When the house divided there appeared : For the Resolution 127 Against it 123 Majority for Mr. Palmer -4 rose to move an humble Address to his majesty , thanking him for his most gracious communication to the house , and assuring him of the readiness of that house to comply with the intentions of his majesty . The noble earl took a short review of the circumstances that had occasioned his majesty 's Message , and stated that the present contest into which Austria had entered with France , had arisen solely out of her own view of the state of her empire , and the dangers with which it was menaced by the oppression and ambition of the enemy . The government of this country had not by any argument or persuasion , or by the exercise of any sort of influence whatever , contributed to the determination which the emperor of Austria had been advised to make . But whatever