who has been so detected , I will venture to say , that a discovery so rare , and in all its circumstances so amusing , has not been made since the moment when that atheistical philosopher , Square , was discovered in Miss Seagrim 's garret.—He was appointed a Commissioner under the administration of Mr. Pitt . Sir , I do not mean to follow the example of this political writer , who , for purposes most unchristian-like , thought proper to assume the title of Christianus Laicus . I do not mean to invade the silence of the tomb , or unnecessarily to attack the memory of the dead . I do not mean to question the propriety of Mr. Pitt 's conduct in this instance : but , happily , we have before us , if not in the bloom of youth , at least in the vigour of health and intellect , a right hon . gent. , who was an appendage to that administration of Mr. Pitt , as he is to the present , and who confesses , that with his department , and with him more particularly , lies all the guilt of not enquiring into the proceedings of those men . He , perhaps , may also know for what particular services as a political writer , or rather as a party writer , Mr. Bowles was rewarded , and he can tell us which of all the numerous publications he has uttered to the world , insured to him this snug situation in Broad-street.—Perhaps , Sir , no censure that I can pass ; no resolution to which even this house can come , blaming Mr. Bowles , can be regarded by him as so severe as the assertion made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , that , although his table groans with the publications of Mr. Bowles , he never condescended to open one of them in his life . I think , the right 309 hon . gent . himself has a good deal to answer for , in suffering the public to be inundated with the productions of Mr. Bowles 's pen , when those , through whose means he obtained the public money as a remuneration for such services , were not acquainted with the extent and malignity of the poison which they so suffered to be diffused.—If , Sir , I may use a quotation , sufficiently hackneyed indeed for any one , however illiterate , to catch hold of ; but which is sanctioned by the adoption of Mr. Bowles himself , who has said of a person , described in his mild and Christian like manner , that , noscitur a sociis ; I may say of the Commissioners , noscuntur a socio ; and really if Mr. Bowles is a sample of the rest , I can have no reliance upon them whatever , no compassion for their situation , and can find no excuse for their misconduct . When a man sets himself up a self-elected censor of the manners of the age : an universal condemner of all whom he chuses to submit to his lash : when he affects the title , by distinction , of Christian , he ought to be most peculiarly upon his guard , as to the rectitude of his own conduct : and if it should be found to have yielded to baser motives than those which he has ventured to ascribe to others : if during the time that he has been censuring the frailties of mankind , he should be found to have been himself the doer of the most sordid deeds , the severity of his punishment ought to be in proportion to the sanctity of the character he has thus falsely assumed : for the injury such a man does to the cause of virtue by hypocrisy , is beyond all comparison greater than that which can be done by the open , avowed , and hardened malefactor.—Sir , it has been said , as one of the false pretences under which these gentlemen collectively