among the revenue officers of Ireland , and that out of 32 excise officers examined by the commissioners of inquiry , 30 of them had confessed that they had received similar presents . They justified it from its being a constant practice , and known to be so by the board who employed them , and who yet took no measures to stop it . The practice of receiving these gratuities was so universal , and so 789 long in a manner connived at , that it would have been unfair to select one or two individuals for punishment , as almost every other officer in the revenue equally deserved to be dismissed . Mr. Hill , however , was ever ready to give every information in his power to the commissioners of inquiry , and was in every other respect a very good officer . He was therefore promoted for his merit , although he had in common with all the other excisemen done a thing illegal and improper . He therefore moved the previous question . thought nothing could bring the house into greater contempt than passing over so lightly such a flagrant case as had been now stated . Who could believe that it was utterly impossible to find a single honest man to fill any office in the Irish revenue ? If the revenue officers were so corrupt from bottom to top , they should be all removed , and honest men sought for . If men in high situation had known of their frauds , and connived at them , they should also be dismissed . He had heard with infinite pleasure , that his majesty had been advised to annul a commission granted to a noble lord ( lord Burghersh ) . He hoped he would also be advised to annul this appointment . said , that it was sufficient proof of the corruption of some of the revenue officers that they were alive ; for if they had trusted to their salaries , they must have starved . The salaries were settled in the reign of Charles II . and were but 40l . a year to the gnager , and 65l . a year to the surveyor . It therefore became necessary for them to get by some other means those necessaries of meat , drink , and cloathing , for themselves and their families , which the pure abstract patriots of the present day might not think they had any right to think of . It was lord Annesley who had recommended this particular promotion , on no ground but that Mr. Hill was an active and good officer . said , that without pretending to those abstract ideas of perfection , he would still say , that although he had before heard a system of bribery and corruption avowed , he never did suppose that such a scene of bribery and corruption as this could ever have been justified or excused . It appeared from the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry , that the frauds committed on the Irish revenue by the licensed distillers amounted in a year to 856,000l . and that the principal cause of these enormous frauds was , that those 790 officers were bribed to connive at them . These distillers now deprecated all manner of inquiry into those transactions . defended the promotion , on the ground of its being necessary to select for promotion persons in the service of the revenue ; and that it would have been absolutely impossible to have dismissed them all . said , that he had never in his life heard such doctrines gravely stated , as might be deduced from what had fallen from an hon . gent . ( Mr. Croker ) . If a man 's salary was not sufficient , was that an excuse for his taking bribes , and conniving at all manner of frauds against the government which employed him ? As to the ridicule which the hon . gent . appeared to throw out against those pure and abstract patriots , who would not consider the necessity of providing meat ,