man in society who felt more horror at the idea of revolution than he did . His all was at stake . He enjoyed many comforts , and valuing the British constitution , he would not risk its loss for any untried system—still less for a republic . He was no admirer of republican governments . They had both in ancient and modern times been corrupt and arbitrary . Even in Athens , supposed the purest republic , corruption pervaded the whole community , the people being bribed by the orators , and the orators bribed by foreign states , Demosthenes himself not being free from the imputation ; but aversion to the idea of revolution must utterly blindfold the judgment of any man , who could suppose that such an evil was likely to arise , if lord Castlereagh were not granted impunity for a two-fold abuse of patronage , and if such a case as that before the house were not over-looked ; the notion was perfectly ridiculous.—The hon . gent . concluded with exhorting the house to guard the country against the fate which all the corrupt governments of Europe had experienced—to conciliate the people to their government , and not to reduce England to the state in which Sicily now was , where the conduct of its government had rendered the people indifferent to the fate which seemed to menace them . complained of the countenance given by the hon . gent . to the language held out of doors , arraigning the judgment of the house delivered after deliberate and painful investigation . From this superstructure it was , that he argued for the necessity of Reform . As one of that majority he would ask the hon . gent . why , because he gave no credit to a woman of Mrs. Clarke 's character , he was to be accused of corruption , and such an assumption raised upon the case ? The hon . gent . had told them , he approved of every sentiment expressed at one of those Meetings so much spoken of . One of the sentiments supported by the hon . baronet and his friends was , that there should be no placeman or pensioner in the house . How happened it then , that the hon . gent . ap- 517 proving of this Resolution , should this night maintain the directly contrary opinion ? The hon . baronet expressed the strongest abhorrence of bribery , but he would ask him if there was no bribery for counties as well as for boroughs ? Or if he had forgot the fate of the Sheriff of Middlesex for conniving at shameful votes at his own ejection ? The house would do well to look , while they were destroying one source of influence , that they were not opening another to private wealth and individual influence . The object of such motions was to mike the government odious , while they were pretending to say they liked it better than any other , and the great danger that appeared to him , was in mixing this question with a charge of general corruption and consequent necessity for Reform . The hon . gentleman asked what inducement he could hare to abandon all his comforts and become a Revolutionist . He could not tell him ; but this he could say that others with every comfort in their power had chosen to take that course , and felt the effect of a ferment they had raised , but never would allay . The public passions were raised and fed by these motions , which were not called for , since they had a measure in progress which would prevent their recurrence . If the hon . gent . who moved this question thought it necessary to excite clamour and discontent for the purpose of promoting the Parliamentary Reform , which he stood pledged to the house and public to bring forward , he had found means to do so even in the short speech he had made . The right hon . gent . expressed his resolution to oppose