or to have sent them where nothing could have been done ? Or was it not rather the imperious duty of those to whom the power and the wishes of this country in that cause were at that time entrusted , to have made an effort in Spain for the cause in which the best feelings of Englishmen were so deeply interested ? Would it , he asked , have been an adequate and suitable evidence of the zeal and ardour , that prevailed throughout the empire , to have suffered so fine an army to have remained patient spectators , while their ally was bleeding in the cause it had been sent out to assist ? Not that he meant that ministers , at such a period , were to yield implicitly to the cry of popular enthusiasm ; he was aware that such an enthusiasm called for a proportionate exercise of the coolest deliberation , and the most dispassionate judgment . And here he could not help animadverting on that part of the speech of the 158 noble lord , in which he insinuated that that enthusiasm had been industriously stimulated by the government . He , for his part , knew of no stimulus greater than the common sympathy of freemen in the cause of freedom . He was aware , too , of the indignation such a sympathy was calculated to excite in contemplating an usurpation as tyrannical in its design , as it was perfidious in its execution ; but he denied , that those feelings to any criminal excess were allowed to bias the cooler judgment of the government of the country , in deciding on the best and most efficacious manner of disposing of our military means in support of the Spanish cause . His majesty 's ministers in embarking in that cause , were not so weak , so improvident , so foolish , as to expect , that the first efforts of the Spanish people , contending with such an enemy , would be crowned with unqualified success ; that no discomfitures , no checks , no disasters , no reverses , would retard and embarrass the early and crude operations of undisciplined bravery , when brought down into open plains to contend with the superior discipline , the superior strength , and the superior generalship of such a power as France . No ; weak as the noble lord might suppose ministers , they were not yet guilty of calculating with certainty upon impossibilities ; they did not expect that such a cause as the cause of Spain , to be fought for with such an enemy as the ruler of France , could possibly be determined in one campaign . They , who had such an expectation , must have taken a narrow view , indeed , of the subject . Reverses they had certainly met , but they had not been owing to the cause to which the noble earl seemed so anxious to ascribe them . Those reverses had not been owing to the indifference or the apathy of the Spaniards . They were to be imputed to their want of discipline ; to an ill-judged contempt of their enemy ; a sentiment that was to be traced to any other feeling rather than that of apathy or indifference , and that in itself was a proof of their zeal and ardour ; and this in the commencement was so much relied upon , that the marquis de la Romana did not think it would be eventually necessary for our reinforcements to act in the interior of the peninsula , such confidence was reposed in the native spirit of the country . With regard to the measures adopted subsequently to the arrival of sir John Moore at Salamanca , he would not detain their 159 lordships by going at large into detail upon the transactions ; but he was willing to meet the noble earl upon the general ground of the consequences resulting to the cause of Spain from the measures subsequently adopted . When sir John Moore first arrived at Salamanca , he received intelligence of