, if from the expectation of discovering abuses , they would agree to set on foot an inquiry . He was of opinion it would not be expedient or proper to do so , and he hoped the house would consider before they assented to it . The other object of the noble lord was to prevent any farther abuses . The house had a notice of this already before them ; and farther inquiry might only produce farther evidence to the same effect , without shewing any new or more extended system of abuse . On this subject , however , there was a Bill before the house , which he had introduced the day before the recess . He hoped it would be found adequate to every object which might seem to be required ; at all events , it was in the power of the house , and of the noble lord himself , to consider how far it should be extended He was , therefore , on the whole , of opinion , that the inquiry proposed would neither be beneficial nor politic . No particular statement of delinquency had been brought forward , and to a general statement the house could not listen , especially after the Parliamentary Inquiry which had lately taken place . . Sir ; I can by no means agree that the discoveries made in the course of the . Evidence brought before the house were of that loose and insignificant kind as to require no farther inquiry and elucidation . On the contrary , I consider farther inquiry indispensible . The right hon . gent , deprecates the idea of keeping the spirit of the people alive , or , as he terms it , in a ferment . The ferment will certainly be increased , and not diminished , if you attempt to stifle further inquiry . That ferment will , by such attempt , most certainly be still further inflamed . If corruption does exist , can the Chancellor of the Exchequer think that no danger is to be apprehended to this country ? Does he think that , if such ferment really exists , it would not be more wise to detect , expose , and punish those abuses which are so Strongly suspected to exist ? As to the alarming extent of the powers of this Committee—they are , it is true , extensive and general , but they may be revoked at the pleasure of this house.—With respect to the dangers to be apprehended from the fermentation in the minds of the people—those dangers , I will venture to assert , are infinitely less to be dreaded than what must ensue from the people discovering our unwillingness to prosecute inquiry into 52 corruption and abuses.—The only way to satisfy the people , and reconcile them to the endurance of the enormous burdens they sustain , is to shew them that we are sincere in our prosecution of those inquiries that will lead to a general reformation of abuses . said , that although the speech of his noble friend had rendered it less necessary for him to trouble the house , yet he wished to say a few words . As to the Bill alluded to by the right hon . gent. , he could say nothing , as it was not before the house . It was rather strange , however , that the house should be told to act upon a measure of which they knew nothing ; and even if its provisions were known , he submitted that the house must be legislating in the dark , without further inquiry . His lordship submitted that it was impossible for any gentleman to read these proceedings and not to see that farther inquiry must follow on them . The right hon . gent , had said , however , that though inquiry did follow , the law would nut reach the parties concerned . The house , however , he trusted , had more than one way of proceeding and would not allow its own labours to fail to the ground . If