a considerable surplus would have remained after the repayment of all debts incurred . The proof of this assertion will be round in the Finance Resolutions agreed to by the House in 1804 . Before the passing of those Resolutions , my noble friend had retired from office , having , as his last act of official duty , provided for the supplies of the year 1804 . In doing which , he proposed Taxes to the amount of 1,800,000l . making , upon the whole , in the course of three years , an addition of above nineteen millions to the Public Revenue . The expences of 1804 exceeded those of 1803 , by about ten millions ; yet the accumulation of Debt was , in that year , inconsiderable . In the statement of his last budget he strongly urged the importance of adhering to the same system by an annual addition of at least a million to the War Taxes , till the object of equalizing the Income and the Expenditure of the Country should be obtained . By these means , it would , upon the scale of expence then subsisting , have been accomplished within , three years ; and he knew that , when this great point was attained , the continual accumulation of the Sinking Fund would speedily afford means of relief to the Public , which could not be employed either , with justice to the stockholders or safety 1143 to the state , so long as the accumulation of Debt continued . In the year 1805 Mr. Pitt acted upon the same principles , by proposing an addition to the Property Tax , by which its produce was augmented about 1,400,000l . but in consequence of increasing Expence , the Loan of that , year was raised from ten millions , which had been its amount in each of the two years preceding , to twenty millions . Early in the following year my noble friends , Lord Grenville and the late Chancellor of the Exchequer , ( whose absence this day I greatly regret , ) succeeded on the decease of the great statesman of whom I last spoke . They were fully impressed with the importance of the system adopted at the renewal of the War , and determined by a great and painful effort to carry the War Taxes to as great extent as could be reasonably attempted . In . fact near six millions were added to their amount in the year 1106 . In 1807 , no taxes were proposed , in consequence of the plan brought forward by my noble friend , to provide for the further expences of the war , and which has been sufficiently discussed on former occasions : and the produce of the taxes imposed last year by the Right Honourable Gentleman opposite , can not yet be fairly ascertained , but I see no reason to doubt that , together with the short Annuities which expired , they will be sufficient to provide for the charge of the Loan . I have gone through this detail to shew that by the practice as well as the declared opinions of all the Ministers who have conducted the Finances of this Country , for many years , and by repeated decisions of Parliament , confirmed , so far as I can learn , by the general judgment and approbation of the Nation , the principle has been recognised and established , that to equalize the Income and Expenditure of the Country is the only system upon which we can depend for bringing this arduous and protracted contest to a secure and successful termination . Let me not , Sir , be misunderstood as the advocate of excessive or unlimited taxation . I am aware that all taxation is in itself an evil , and I can conceive many circumstances under which I should think the Chancellor of the Exchequer had acted in the present instance with prudence and judgment . The first and most obvious of these would be a great and general impoverishment of the Country , It might then hap-