of us are obliged to see every day in our lives—horses panting—what do I say ! literally dying under the scourge , when on looking into the chaises , we see them carrying to and from London men and women , to whom or to others it can be of no possible signification whether they arrive one day sooner or later , and sometimes indeed whether they ever arrive at all . More than half the post-horses that die from abuse in harness , are killed by people , who , but for the mischief I am complaining of , would fall into the class described by Mr. Sterne , of simple or harmless travellers , galloping over our roads for neither good nor evil , but to fill up the dreary blank in unoccupied life . I can see no reason why all such travellers should not endeavour to overcome the ennui of their lives without killing poor animals , more innocent and more useful than themselves . To speak gravely , my lords , I maintain that human idleness ought not to be permitted , by the laws of enlightened man , to tax for nothing , beyond the powers which God has given them , the animals which his benevolence has created for our assistance . But another abuse exists , not less frequent , and much more shocking , because committed under the deliberate calculation of intolerable avarice . I allude to the practice of buying up horses when past their strength , from old age or disease , upon the computation ( I mean to speak literally ) of how many days torture and oppression they are capable of living under , so as to return a profit with the addition of the flesh and skin , when brought to one of the numerous houses appropriated for the slaughter of horses . If this practice only extended to carrying on the fair work 563 of horses to the very latest period of labour , instead of destroying them when old or disabled , I should approve instead of condemning it . But it is most notorious , that with the value of such animals all care of them is generally at an end , and you see them ( I speak literally , and of a systematic abuse ) sinking and dying under loads , which no man living would have set the same horse to , when in the meridian of his strength and youth . This horrid abuse , my lords , which appears at first view to be incapable of aggravation , is nevertheless most shockingly aggravated when the period arrives at which one would think cruelty must necessarily cease , when exhausted nature is ready to bestow the deliverance of death . But even then , a new and most atrocious system of torture commences , of which , my lords , I could myself be a witness in your committee , as it was proved to my own perfect satisfaction , and that of my friend Mr. Jekyll , upon the information of a worthy magistrate , who called our attention to the abuse . But perhaps , my lords , I shall better describe it , as it will at the same time afford an additional proof of these hideous practices , and of their existence at this hour , by reading a letter which I received but two days ago , the facts of which I am ready to bring in proof before your lordships.—Here lord Erskine read an extract from a letter which stated , `` A very general practice of buying up horses still alive , but not capable of being even further abused by any kind of labour . These horses , it appeared , were carried in great numbers to slaughterhouses , but not killed at once for their flesh and skins , but left without sustenance , and literally starved to death , that the market might be gradually fed . The poor animals , in the mean time , being reduced to eat their own dung , and frequently gnawing one another