the execution of that sentence would probably be most exemplary and beneficial . He recited all the cases mentioned on Tuesday by Mr. Attorney General , and contended for the strict applicability of the more recent instances . But it was not merely on the cases he had cited , but on the general principles of the question that it ought to be decided . The court of King 's Bench was the chief criminal court in the kingdom . It was so described by all the ancient , as well as modern lawyers of repute . It was so called by Coke , who stated its antiquity and its power . It had a great part of the ancient Justiciarum Angliæ . Its jurisdiction was called capitanus and generalis , to shew its universality and general superintendence . Hawkins , in his Pleas of the Crown ( one of the best writers and authorities ) had fully stated its extensive powers . It could , he contended , be restricted by none of those restrictions which confined the powers of inferior county courts . And were the decisions of the judges of such a court to be treated like the practices of the office of a secretary of state , and such arguments supported merely by what lord Camden had said of the usage of such offices ; usage that had never before been made the subject of a solemn decision in a court of law , or by any arguments against the exploded practice of the exploded court of Star Chamber ? In the many recent instances of imprisonment in distant gaols , was it to be believed , that the poverty of the individuals was the reason that prevented them from trying the merits of the practice of the judges ? Had they not always sufficient legal assistance ? Was there not a learned lord then at that bar of which he was the great ornament , who had so often exerted the greatest ele- 601 quence the bar ever knew in defence of such individuals , and who left nothing undone that zeal and talents could effect ? And would he have left a stone unturned on behalf of his clients , if he had conceived the possibility of attacking the legality of the sentences pronounced upon them ? With respect to the demand of securities for good behaviour , the practice was old , and used in the best times . It was absurd to talk of its operating as a perpetual imprisonment . The prolongation of imprisonment would depend on the bad character of the individual , whose friends could not trust to his good behaviour , even after the experience that had been taught him by his confinement . As to the difficulty of understanding what was meant by good behaviour , he could not enter fully enough into the motives , views , and dispositions of certain persons to understand their difficulties on that subject . Good behaviour was what they might not easily understand , and cared little to learn . But they might easily enough learn it . There was a chapter in an elementary work , ( sir William Blackstone 's ) that would explain to them what was necessary to know on that subject . All the instances he had noticed were viewed by the other side as too recent . They must go up to higher antiquity , they must mount up to the conquest or beyond that period . Every thing he and his learned friend had to offer was too young for the modern school , they would begin ab ovo . The learned gentleman must know that they could not investigate accurately the nature of the sentence . The whole object of this appeal was to depreciate the character of our courts . `` Humanitas , '' for that was the name signed to a libellous letter in the `` Independent Whig , '' had considered the popular notion concerning the administration of our laws by juries as too exalted . These lovers of freedom , in their new discoveries , attacked the institutions