were assisted , that the sums now attacked by the motion of the noble lord were conditionally issued to the chevalier de Souza . He would put it to the house to say , whether if any other means of pecuniary assistance were applied to that portion of our emigrating allies , suppose to the British commissary , there would be any opposition to such an application . But the noble lord complained , that it was a sum appropriated to one service and diverted to another . The answer to such complaint was , that it was an application truly referable to the Army Extraordinaries , inasmuch as was a pecu- 275 niary claim upon the country growing out of the circumstances and accidents of the war , and therefore ought to be met out of the fund voted for such extraordinaries . What , then , did the noble lord introduce by his present motion ; Nothing less than a sweeping clause affecting not alone the present and past administration , but the very branch of administration which the noble lord had lately filled , and the very conduct which he himself had practised . He did not condemn that conduct , but at the same time could not suppress his surprise at the sudden disposition of the noble lord not only to find fault with his own acts , but finally to withhold the power of government to meet what the noble lord must know were most pressing exigences . He could not suppose that the house would concur in such a motion , and therefore moved the order of the day . denied that there was any comparison between the sum of 85,000l . now voted in opposition to the appropriation of parliament , and the money supplied out of the Army Extraordinaries during the administration of his noble friend . The latter was a perfectly military application , with a view to future operations in Hanover , and under that impression , and for that object , the money was issued to count Munster . Besides , military co-operation was intended in Hanover under lord Cathcart . Would any man assimilate such an application of the Army Extraordinaries to the present one , of applying certain monthly sums to certain Portuguese emigrants , merchants , traders , & c. to the Brazils , men who had nothing to do with the army ? The house had also to bear in recollection that it had voted in the same session a sum of 120,000l . for the relief of distressed Emigrants , and therefore to apply another fund for the relief of such persons , was nothing less than a gross deception upon parliament . But , at what time did the government make this undue application ? Why , at the time that the same government announced to Europe , that it had dispensed a blessing upon Portugal , that it had released that people from the intolerable burthen of their invaders . So that poor England was to have the expence of conferring the blessing of expelling the enemy , and afterwards of paying for the passage and subsistence of the very Portuguese who ran away from this identical blessing . It was not true that these sums to the chevalier de Souza were paid before the Army Extraordi- 276 naries of the last session were voted . Two sums of 5,000l . each were voted on the 23d of May , and the Extraordinaries were not voted until the 25th following . It was therefore that he felt it his duty to pronounce such an application of the public money both unjustifiable and unconstitutional . In the army Extraordinaries of the last year the king 's ministers had taken a vote of credit for 2,800,000l . and the claim now amounted to 4,100,000l . With such an excess beyond their proposed estimate , he could not but vote for the motion of his noble friend . contended that the periodical grants of 5,250l . to Count Munster by the late administration , were in a great part for the distressed Hanoverians , and