the case now under discussion , they would , in the very first instance , reflect on the evidence of Mr. Reding , upon whose testimony the material part of it rested ; which if they did in a dispassionate way , they would find that it was so irreconcilable to reason , truth , and common sense , that they could place no faith , no credence in it . When he was first interrogated before the Com- 230 mittee , his answers confounded themselves ; at one lime he said the seat in parliament was to be obtained for a writership ; but being closely pressed , he then declared that , it was only to be obtained for a pecuniary consideration , and that , too , was related in so confused a way , as to produce a very unfavourable impression upon the mind of all the Committee . It was , from beginning to end , one tissue of incomprehensibility , evasion , and equivocation.—But what had principally induced him to rise on this occasion was a wish to rescue the memory of a much valued and deceased friend from the imputation thrown upon it . That friend was the late marquis of Sligo , and he contended , that such a charge or imputation of corruption against a man who was in his grave ought not to be credited upon the evidence of such a person as Reding . He further endeavoured to shew , that the story told by Reding could not be true , because , in point of law , lord Clancarty as an Irish peer could not sit in the house for an Irish borough . The same remark applied to lord Hawarden , who was in a similar situation . He ( Mr. Croker ) had enjoyed the friendship and the confidence of the marquis of Sligo , and knew that he had no influence or interest , except in the counties of Mayo and Galway , and that such influence as he had depended solely on his rank and landed property . With regard to his noble friend who had just retired , he contended that the second Resolution of the noble lord against him was false in fact , for he had shewn that , there was an impossibility that the transaction could have been completed . He also affirmed , that the first Resolution was false in fact , though perhaps not in terms , because the patronage had not been conferred by the noble viscount as Secretary of State , but as President of the Board of Controul . The gentlemen from his side of the water were supposed to be rather deficient in their logic , but in the present instance the deficiency rested with the noble mover ( a laugh . ) He hoped the noble lord would excuse the gentlemen on the other side for laughing at him . Perhaps they only laughed at his logic ( a loud laugh . ) Disagreeing with the noble lord in his premises , he could not vote for his conclusion ; for the premises being both false , he could not , consistently with reason , support a conclusion affirmatively derived from them . There really in this case existed no more than a parliamentary difficulty ( a laugh . ) The thing had be- 231 come familiar by custom , and when it was discovered could only be considered as a venial offence ( Hear ! hear ! ) . This was what must be admitted on all sides . Without entering into detail , he would rest his vote on what his noble friend had himself stated . His conduct was not altogether justifiable , for he could not say that it was not wrong ( a laugh . ) He meant that his noble friend had successfully contended , that his offence was not of the darkest die , but that it was a middle sort of offence . He therefore wished that a middle course should be taken , as had been recommended by the hon . gent . who