to the propriety of satisfying this country and America also , as to the conduct of our government upon the subject of recent transactions , in which the commercial interest of the country and the character of its government was so deeply involved , observed , that he had understood it to have been alleged by the highest authority , that our ambassador was authorised by his instructions to conclude the arrangements which government had lately refused to ratify . In order , therefore , that parliament and the public should fully understand the case , he felt it his duty to move an Address to his majesty , praying for copies of the Notes which passed between our ambassador and the government of the United States , respecting the repeal of our Orders in Council of January and November 1807 ; also for copies of the Instructions transmitted to our ambassador , authorizing him to enter into a negotiation , and to conclude an arrangement upon this subject . observed , that although upon a former occasion , when asked , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to make any communication to parliament respecting our relations with America , he answered , that it 803 was not deemed expedient to do so pending the existing negociations with that country , he did not feel it inconsistent with the motive of that declaration , to give his assent to the present motion , which was rendered necessary by the peculiar circumstances of the case . The Notes referred to in the first part of the motion having been published in America , there could be no objection to authenticate , them by complying with the call for their production ; and as to the Instructions , his majesty 's government having , in that spirit of frankness and candour which marked the whole of their communication with the American government , directed those instructions to be shewn to that government , he saw no reason for with-holding them from the house , although the production of such a document was rather unusual . As the papers were not before the house , he would abstain from delivering any opinion upon them . It was known that he had no disposition to throw blame upon the individual implicated in this transaction ; but as a matter of fact and truth he was bound to state , that which our ambassador would have full opportunity of explaining , namely , that he had not only not acted in consonance with his Instructions , but in direct contradiction to them : that being authorised to make certain concessions to America in return for stipulated conditions , he had thought proper to go to the full extent of the concessions , without having obtained any of the conditions . At the same time that the right hon . gent . acquiesced in this motion , he thought it right to say , that he should feel it his duty to oppose the production of the Instructions transmitted to an ambassador with respect to the affair of the Chesapeake , at least pending our present discussions with the American government . thought that as the alleged proceeding of our ambassador was so very extraordinary , it would be right , in order fully to understand and fairly to judge of the case , that any justification or attempt at justification , sent home by this ambassador , should be also laid before the house , together with the papers referred to in the motion . He was not aware that any such paper as he alluded to was in existence , but if it was , and the right hon . gent . had no very urgent reason for resisting the production of it , he should much wish to have it laid on the table , and to know whether the right hon . gent . had any objection to do so . declined for the present decisively to answer the right hon . gent . 's question . When the papers moved for were laid before the house ,