As to the loss by the wear of the coin , this could be very little , in consequence of its having been so recently issued.—I shall now , Sir , advert to the silver money of Ireland . If that had continued to consist of mint silver as it did till 1804 , no difficulty , whatever , would present itself on this head ; but as there is now no mint silver in Ireland , and as its place is supplied by bank tokens , it is to be considered what shall be done with them in the arrangement for accomplishing the assimilation . They consist of pieces bearing the value of 6s . 30d . 10d , and 5d . Those 86 for 6s . have been issued by the bank of Ireland on their own account , each token is a Spanish dollar newly stamped ; and as the dollar is now current in Ireland for 4s . 10d . it circulates in these tokens for 14d . more than its true value . The amount of them in circulation is 232,352l . The other tokens had been issued by the bank on account of the government , under the 45 Geo . 3 , c. 42 , and 48 Geo . 3 , c. 31 . By these acts the token for 5d . contains 1–13 part of a Spanish dollar ; for 10d . 2–13 , and for 30d . 6–13 parts : thus giving to the dollar the value of 5s . 5d. , being 7d . more than its true value * . The amount of these tokens in circulation is 743,404l.—As , however , these tokens were issued to serve a temporary purpose , and to supply the place of mint coin , till a fit opportunity should present itself for issuing a new silver coinage , I shall propose , sir , in order to render the silver currency of Ireland , the same as that of England , that a new coinage shall be issued common to both countries , and I feel that I am fully warranted in making this proposal so far as England is concerned , because it is quite notorious that there is an absolute necessity for a new coinage in this country.—What I have proposed to be done so far , can be accomplished by the executive government , but this will not be sufficient , I have other measures to propose , but these must be carried into effect by act of parliament . As , Sir , I am most anxious that the alteration in the value of the currencies should not be attended with any injury to individuals , and that they should not have any grounds for entertaining even apprehensions of suffering injury , I shall propose that an act of parliament should be passed to declare that all contracts for sums of money , made previous to the day , on which his majesty should fix by his proclamation the assimilation to take place , should be construed as sums of Irish currency , unless otherwise expressed by the contract ; and that all contracts for sums of money made subsequent to that day , should be construed to be for sums of British money , unless also otherwise expressed . Such a regulation would secure the * It is impossible that any arrangement of the value of these tokens , could have been more against the spirit and advice of the report of the Committee than this , because 30d . 10d . and 5d . Irish are not convertible into any adequate sums of English currency . 87 faithful performance of all contracts , and prevent the possibility of any injury being sustained by the parties to these contracts.—I have also to propose , that it shall be provided by act of parliament , that no banker shall issue , notes for sums in Irish currency after the same period ; and in order to secure the currency of Bank of England paper in Dublin , with a view of obtaining an assimilation of paper currency as