the amendment ; for whenever it became necessary to enact severe laws against the commission of any breach of the law , as in this instance , so severe , that the innocent suffered as well as the guilty , it became the duty of the house , if any system would prevent the commission of the crime , to adopt that system ; and the surest and best method of preventing this breach of the laws , was to take away the temptation of committing it , or at least the inducement which the farmers of the country at this moment have to connive at it : they are aware at this moment that the price they get for their corn arises from distillation , in the absence of legal stills ; they see , or at least think they see , an advantage in illegal distillation ; but if you enable the smaller stills to be set up , they will then have no inducement to connive at these practices , against which we have enacted such a severe law . On these grounds he supported the amendment , as he was convinced , that , without the amendment , the object of the bill could never be carried into effect . stated , that in withdrawing his motion on the principle of the bill the other night , he did so only with a hope that the objects he had would be met in the committee , and not from being perfectly satisfied that if the bill passed into a law in its present shape , it must prove insufficient and most injurious , not only to the agricultural interests of Ireland , but to the revenue ; we already had some proof of it , for by the right hon . gentleman 's bill of last year , stills so small as 200 gallons were allowed to work ; he could bring evidence to the bar of the house , of men of experience , new in London , that had given both 200 and 500 gallon stills a fair trial , and who really were anxious to carry on the business in Ireland in that way , and who would declare that it was impossible to carry it on , while so great an advantage as 8 and 16 per cent . was allowed to large stills ; it was therefore utterly nugatory in the extreme to talk of allowing small stills to work on such terms , the consequence must be , that illicit stills will be substituted , or the farmer will be 687 deprived of a market for his corn . The right hon . gentleman boasted that his system had raised the revenue considerably within these few years , but did not state how much that rise was increased by a rise of nearly double on malt and spirits ; neither did he state how much his system had increased the illicit trade ; nor did he mention that by his system 100,000l . were allowed in drawbacks and bounties , which otherwise should have come to the credit of the revenue ; he contended for it , that the system of licence has been proved by many years trial in Scotland , to answer the great objects of assisting agriculture , and adding to the revenue ; for that in no country had both increased so much since that system was adopted : he would prove that a 500 gallon still pays 1l . 9s . per gallon on its content weekly ; whereas a 1,500 still only pays 19s . ; so that there was a loss of 10s . per gallon on its content , weekly , to the revenue , by this system of the right hon . gent . ; and as to putting down the illicit trade , he contended for it that a licensed distiller must prohibit an unlicensed distiller from working , for that , on considering the risk of seizure and penalties , the great deficiency of produce , and considerable waste attendant on the hurry and confusion of a private still