was employed against the French , and with the co-operation which might be expected from the courage of the Spanish armies , some terms were likely to be entered into with the enemy . His majesty 's ministers ought , therefore , to have given such general views of their sentiments and wishes , as would have enabled the officer commanding the Expedition to have acted on those principles , which if they had acted upon , they would not have had to have said of the Convention that it had disappointed the hopes and expectations 137 of the country . Here , then , is a strong ground for the condemnation of his majesty 's ministers , to whom , for this , as well as for every other part of the transaction , the chief blame is to be imputed.—The noble Earl argued at considerable length upon the general impolicy of the conduct of his majesty 's ministers with respect to the people and government of Portugal . The result of that conduct had been , that instead of having an army on the frontiers of Portugal , protecting the interior , we had been obliged to retain a considerable portion of the army to keep in subjection the people for whose deliverance they were sent . Besides , the Portuguese force was actually less in November than in August last . These grounds , added his lordship , I think sufficient to call on the house to arraign the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . What a contrast does the conduct of his majesty 's ministers afford to that of the consummate general whose plans they had to oppose ! Do you ever hear , said his lordship , of Buonaparté appointing marshal Ney to command an army , and , in the midst of an action , sending general Soult to supersede him , and then , in the midst of a battle , sending Massena or some other general to supersede him ? No.—You have seen how differently he acts . You have seen how the moment affairs took an unfavourable turn , he kept his army behind the Ebro , where it might defy attack , and wait for reinforcements . You find him , as soon as his preparations are ready , carrying on one great and simultaneous operation . Whoever speaks of him , it is not possible he should speak of him without admiring him for his great abilities , whatever may be thought of his character in other respects . In rapidity of execution he is only equalled by his patience in preparing the means ; he has all the opposite qualities of Fabius and Marcellus , whether you consider the country in which he acts , the people with whom he has to contend , or the means by which he is to subdue them . He rivals Hannibal in the application of the means , and is exempt from his only fault , that of not improving by past experience.—Are we to be surprised then , that such arrangements have been followed by such calamities in Spain , as make men shudder and the blood run cold ? I come next to examine the means , which his majesty 's ministers adopted to obtain information of the disposition and resources of the Spanish nation . Thirty 138 or forty officers , it appears , were sent in various directions into Spain , to obtain that information which should have been obtained some months before . Whilst Buonaparté was engaged in the most active endeavours , to collect a force from all quarters to pour into Spain , no orders , it appears , were issued to our army in Portugal to move towards that country , till the 26th of September , when the first instructions to sir John Moore to that effect were dated . On the 28th of September , sir David Baird received orders to proceed to Spain . And here I can not avoid calling your lordships ' attention to another instance of neglect upon the part of ministers . It was not