be guided by the old proverb ; `` Never 966 trust a reformed drunkard with the key of the cellar . '' said , that the doctrine in support of the clause went to libel the country . If it went abroad , it would give an idea that there were no honest men to be found there ; and if the members for Ireland did not condemn it , they would deserve the reprobation of their countrymen . defended the clause , and said there was no alternative but an immediate dismissal of all the excise officers in Ireland , and the abandonment of the revenue . He would not have voted for it , if it was to defend corruption . said , if he thought the clause would prevent corruption , he would vote for it ; but could it be supposed that men who had been in the habit of receiving large sums from the distillers , and living up to it , would leave their habits for the advance of their salaries ? It was contrary to all human probability , and was not to be expected ; he Should therefore give the clause his negative . was ready to admit , that if the fraudulent officers must necessarily be retained , the clause ought to pass of course ; but he denied the necessity , and consequently must oppose it . Not only did he reprobate the idea of indemnifying men who had so grossly betrayed their trust , and defrauded the revenue , but that of retaining those men in their places , after the avowal and proof of such fraud . It taught those men to laugh at government , to set them at defiance , to believe that government could not do without them , and , of course could not dismiss them ; and , under such feelings , was it to be expected such men would , for a trifling increase of salary , forego the temptation of gaining five times as much by fraud ? and what sort of picture was this to hold out for their brother revenue officers in England ? said , that it appeared from papers on the table that the Storekeeper of the Magazine in Hyde Park never filled any military office , and he also understood that he was in possession of a sinecure office . He trusted that he would be removed before the next session : if not , he should feel himself obliged to make a motion to that effect . rose , to submit to the house a motion for papers which he had made the other day , but which had been withdrawn upon a point of form . As he had before explained himself sufficiently upon the subject , he saw no necessity for entering into it at any great length at this time . He maintained that his statement had not been overturned by any thing that had fallen from the hon . chairman ( Mr. Grant ) . He had stated the law and applied it to the fact , and on both points he was perfectly correct . The hon . chairman had said , that he had derived his information from a memorial of some interested persons . He denied this , and observed , that he had not seen that memorial till after he had given his notice . The hon . gent . then entered more particularly into a statement of the grievances under which the Private Trader laboured , from the conduct of the Directors . He read the Order which they had sent out to India , in 1803 , as to the rates of freight with which the private merchant was to be charged ; which were , 11l . per ton during peace , and 14l . per ton during war . This rate was acted upon by the merchants , in their arrangements . No other order had been made on this subject till the 10th of August 1805 . The hon . chairman had said , that this was the rate fixed during peace