situation . He felt it here necessary to call the attention of the house to the gallant services of capt . Hardinge . Though he was but a stripling in years , yet he was a veteran in achievements . His short career was marked by the most brilliant exploits , and in every service and upon every occasion he met with merited approbation from his commanders , He had served under that distinguished officer sir S. Smith , at the siege of Acre . He next served with capt . Miller , and was reserved by fate for more important services to his country at the time that brave officer was blown up in his vessel . The next situation in which capt . Hardinge would be found was the command of a gun-boat on the coast of Egypt , and here his peculiar merits acquired for him the reward of a gold medal . After this he was raised to the command of the Terror bomb , at the bombardment of Granville , on the coast of France . To his zeal and ability on this occasion sir J. Saumarez bore the most ample testimony in the report which he made of it . The vessel in which he served having been rendered unfit by the damages she received , capt . Hardinge was next promoted to the Scorpion sloop of war . In this vessel he acquired considerable fame by cutting out from a port on the coast of Holland the Atalanta gun-brig , a vessel of far superior force . This service was the more brilliant as it was performed by his boats only . And here it would be an act of injustice to pass over the merits of capt . Perry , who assisted in the enterprize , having put himself under the command of capt . Hardinge . The modesty of capt . 609 Hardinge , in his account of this transaction , did not form the least worthy trait in it . But his commanding officer ( lord Keith ) did not however overlook the service performed , because it was modestly represented , and accordingly it would be found that in his dispatch on that occasion he gave full scope to the dictates of his feeling , in the representation which he made of the service performed by captains Hardinge and Perry . There was another circumstance in this transaction which the hon . gent , could not help mentioning . It seems that the Dutch captain having defended with conduct and valour his vessel to the last extremity , refused every proffer of safety which was made to him , and died like a hero in the discharge of his duty . Such was the assimilation of feeling , that the gallant capt . Hardinge could never mention this occurrence without bursting into tears . The subsequent , and unfortunately for his country , the last service performed by this brave officer , was when in command of the San Fiorenzo frigate , he was placed under the orders of sir Edward Pellew in the Indian seas , for the protection of our commerce in that quarter . The enemy had employed in those seas for a long time , a class of frigates whose object was not so much directed to special hostile encounters with the same description of force , as to a general system of commercial depredation . Of these frigates there was one ( La Piedmoutaise ) mounting fifty guns , and furnished with a complement of French sailors and Lascars , not less than 566 . She was in fact the terror of those seas . In the month of March , 1808 , the good fortune of capt . Hardinge brought him near this vessel , in his ship of a far inferior force , mounting no more than 38 guns , and manned with no more than 150 men . The action which ensued was not one in which either victory or death was the consequence of a moment , for it lasted three days . On the first day , in consequence