November last ; an offence so injurious to the well-being of the community , what was the sentence of the court ? It was , that the offender be fined one shilling , imprisoned for three months , and farther until the said fine should be paid ! Their lordships should bear in mind , in deciding on the case , that there was a scale of punishments , and take care , as far as in them lay , to render the punishment commensurate to the offence . observed that the crime , as it appeared on the face of the matter on which those two prisoners were convicted , was one of the most dangerous description . He referred to several instances of punishments early after the Revolution , for libels , and shewed that punishments in such cases of latter times were , comparatively speaking , far from being severe . His lordship , after some farther observation , amended the question to the following effect : `` That it be referred to the judges to know their opinion Whether the court of King 's Bench , in the case of the conviction of a person at Westminster , could legally send such person to any prison in England , other than the prison belonging to the court , the county prison where the offence was committed , or that where the court held its sittings ? And also to know whether sureties for a reasonable time , for the good behaviour of such person , could be legally required ? '' could not act so unmanly a part as to avoid giving his opinion . He considered the appeal by writ of error as a grand proof of the excellence of our constitution , which in so many ways provided checks upon the constituted authorities of the land . The case of libel law had been brought as near perfection , as was perhaps , possible : though , in earlier life , he did not think that the practice of the courts was right and legal in some points , yet he lived to see it remedied . He could not pretend to enter into the merits of the particular case of punishment , as that was not before him , though he must say that it was a strange thing to be forward in condemning an acquitting jury . He had not been so long in the profession as the venerable judge who had just delivered the opinion of the Bench ; but he had never entertained a doubt of the power of the court of King 's Bench upon this point . Had he even done so , he should most certainly have availed himself of many opportunities in his professional practice , for the sake of those clients who had put themselves under his protection , to bring the question to a solemn discussion . After a few words from the Lord Cancellor , his lordship put the question , and the Judgment of the Court of King 's Bench was unanimously affirmed . , in rising to address the house 608 on this subject , moved , that the entry on the Journals respecting a motion to the same effect as the present be read . ( Here the Clerk read from the Journals an account of the debate which ensued upon the motion for erecting a monument to capt . Faulkner , of the Blanche , frigate , who fell in action in the year 1795 . Upon the ground of a claim from general services the motion was rejected ; but upon being amended by stating his services as performed towards the islands of Martinique and Guadaloupe , it was agreed to ) . The hon . gent , said , that on this occasion he rose to move a great national honour to a great national hero . He trusted no one would impute to him any affectation of doing himself honour by coming forward as he did . With reluctance he undertook the task , and was only led to do so from the adventitious circumstances of