be employed , on account of their ability to fill a particular station . On the contrary , he thought that in a public officer honesty and character could not be balanced by , nor ought they to be put in competition with any ability , however great it might be , He should therefore take the sense of the house on his motion . said , there was one argument which ought to make the house cautious in what way they dealt with this mo- 792 tion . It had been publicly and generally asserted , that many persons sat in that house by improper means . The public had taken the alarm ; and it had been found in support of that alarm , and those assertions , that a cabinet minister had actually been concerned in bartering for a seat in that house , and was defended for such an act . It was by the motion that moment under consideration , and the arguments urged in support of it , further asserted that corruptions prevailed in a most extensive degree over the whole revenue of Ireland . If something was not done to rectify these corruptions and abuses , if no steps were taken towards removing them , he dreaded to think what the public opinion of that house must very soon be . rose to move for the appointment of commissioners to enquire into the state of Tithes in Ireland . He said that he was authorised to consider the opinion of the house as favourable to an alteration in the system , inconsequence of the sentiments which were expressed by those who had opposed his former motion . The grounds upon which that was negatived were , because in the opinion of some members this period of the session was too late to entertain a specific plan , and because in the opinion of others there was a want of information on the subject . To meet the objections of the first description , he intended to bring forward a plan for a commutation of Tithes early next session , and to remove the objections arising from a want of information , he now moved for a commission . He said that a commission was preferable to a select committee of the house , because if we were to wait till the next session to appoint a committee , which would be necessary , nearly a whole year would be lost in making the inquiry , and besides a committee if appointed , could not well , sitting here , obtain the information which was wanted . Whereas a commission could proceed upon the enquiry immediately ; and an inquiry to be made by persons appointed by the crown would be more agreeable to the body whose interests were immediately concerned , than an enquiry made by a committee of this house ; and in this , as in all other respects concerning the mode of 793 paying the clergy he wished to proceed in the way that would least offend their feelings . He said that there were several precedents for this mode of proceeding since the Union . Commissioners had been appointed to enquire into the state of the finances of Ireland , of education , and of prisons , and for trying controverted elections , all which inquiries naturally belonged to select committees , but which , in consequence of the distance of Ireland , could not so well be made as by commissioners acting on the spot.—The house should consider in coming to a decision on his motion , why any inquiry at all was wanting ; if Ireland had continued to have a local parliament , no such inquiry could have been wanting , because each member would have been completely informed of the state of the tithes ; the house then was bound to place the people of Ireland by an enquiry on the same footing as they would have been without one , if the Union had not taken place , and to remedy as far as it was able this great injury , which Ireland had