. The motion of the hon . member came as much by surprize upon him as upon the house ; so much so , indeed , that he was not able to afford him that assistance he wished . If it should be the sense of the house not to proceed , as he thought it ought , it would be his duty to take its sense , aye or no , on the motion . said , that he would be the last person to staff any thing to the house which he conceived to be improper . thought there could be but one sentiment in the house on the subject of the present motion . Considering the mode in which it was brought forward , and the mistake in the case of the precedent referred to , he was convinced that the house ought to mark its opinion in so decided a manner , as not to render itself liable to a recurrence of such a proceeding . He rose , therefore , to advise the house not to agree to the withdrawing of the motion , but without intending any personal disrespect to the hon . mover . He should consequently oppose any motion of that nature , and call for the marked opinion of the house . rose to offer a few words . He commenced by noticing the curious reason assigned by the right hon . the Secretary of State for refusing to permit the motion to be withdrawn , and then negativ- 386 ing it ; namely , that the house would thereby prevent the recurrence of similar errors . But it was for all that right hon . gent 's ingenuity to find out how such a result as that was to be produced by the naked entry on the Journals of a proposition made and negatived . How could the negativing of the motion prevent any future misunderstanding of Shepherd 's case . But the hon . member had not shewn any desire to withdraw his motion . As to the motion itself , notwithstanding the able exposition from the Chair , given with all the knowledge which characterized the right hon . gent . who was at all times so ready to give his assistance to every member of parliament , yet it appeared to him that any person might be misled by the Entry . There was no record of any , or what information was given in the instance of Shepherd 's case , and therefore we were quite in the dark on that point . Shepherd protested his innocence , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer might have protested his innocence in this case . The Secretary of State himself had not been backward in proposing a resolution without a previous notice . The hon . member behind him had made a general charge , and had declared his readiness to tell his story to the house . He had , in his opinion , a perfect right to do so . The house had been warned against the effects of what had been termed `` wide-wasting motions , '' which were inconsistent with the duty of members to each other , and to the state . To avoid such objections as were made against the activity of Committees , the hon . member had preferred a general charge of corruption , in the first instance , and had selected and specified two individual ministers of state , as parties against whom he declared himself ready to enter into the case , taking upon himself the responsibility and peril of the task . A right hon . gentleman had stated , that this charge might appear to be a trifling matter , when examined , and therefore , that it was necessary to know its nature beforehand : in short , to have it brought before the house in a 'tangible shape . ' A tangible shape , he ( Mr. W. ) thought rather an aukward expression at present . The house had recently had pretty strong calls upon them , for tangible shapes , and these