of administration , when parliament was dissolved without being suffered to do any more than to undo what was proposed on behalf of the people of Scotland . That system of procrastination was sedulously pursued , till at last a commission was appointed , nominated by the crown , near the close of last session , and now , instead of their labours , we had one report , and a motion to give them another twelvemonth to consider what they would do . A bill was brought in , without notice , ( and he did not know of it till within 24 hours of one of its most important stages , ) to extend their time . This he had and would reprobate . A noble and learned lord ( Erskine ) , knew nothing of it , though one of the commission , till he , meeting him , told him of the circumstance . He dwelt upon the propriety of parliament acting for itself , and not acting on the opinion of the Scotch judges , who could not be supposed to be favourable to the 892 introduction of a jury , which was a species of popular controul on their authority . Still he did not mean to speak with disrespect of those judges ; but he had found that no man would deny that the alterations wished for were most desirable . The application of the principle , he had never denied , involved many difficulties ; but the question of form must be sacrificed to the essential merits of the measure . He then , while he admitted every thing in favour of the commissioners , individually , condemned them for their conduct in some particulars . There was one circumstance most important , to which he begged their lordships attention . The report itself admitted the evil ; but by an assumption of the strangest kind , assumed a power which the act of parliament never gave them . The warrant in the sign manual he had never seen , but must suppose it was voted according to the act . He must remark that though the act passed on the 2d of July , yet the sign manual only bore the date of the 2d of November , and the instrument was not received in Scotland till the 20th of November ; , that made him incline now to afford the commissioners farther time . But he must ask the noble and learned lord , whose official situation made him particularly looked at in this matter , why that delay occurred ? The report noticed that gross and scandalous anomaly in judicial proceedings by which persons who had obtained the sentence of the court of session were yet , before they could obtain the consequent advantages , compelled to get a copy of the sentence , or , as it was in Scotland legally expressed , `` an extract of the decreet . '' He had much information on that point . In one case , that copy cost an individual 1,200l . and in another case , where the whole property in question was from 500l . to 600l . the charge for such copy was above 300l . Was it fit that such monstrous abuses of courts of justice should exist a moment longer ? Was it not a standing disgrace to the country , if we permitted their existence a moment longer , after the developement of the facts by a report of the commissioners ? And yet these commissioners elected themselves into a committee of supply , and did that than which nothing could be more unconstitutional and dangerous . They said , that while they stated the evil , they waited till a compensation was arranged for the clerks , and other persons who received fees out of these monstrous and horrible charges . Would any noble lord say , that the com- 893 missioners had any thing to do with this part of the subject ? Were they appointed to enter into the consideration , far less to settle the arrangements of the burthens that