were , without any censure from the noble lord for that policy , analogous to the very issues of public money , of which he now so much complained . He begged leave also to state that a number of the Portuguese emigrants were invited to this country in order to be sent to the Brazils , by the proclamation of the commanding officer of the British fleet at that period off the Tagus explained , that such part of the grant to Hanover that was made independent of the intended military operations under lord Cathcart , were for the enlistment of Hanoverian troops for our service . That he presumed was strictly a military application , and therefore ought to be estimated in the annual Army Extraordinaries . , pursuant to notice , moved , That there be laid before the house a Return of all the annual Regimental Accounts now in the War Office , specifying which were separate and which not , and also which had been carried into warrant from the 25th Dec. 1797 to the 25th Dec. 1808 , and specifying whether for cavalry , infantry , or militia.—The hon . gent . also proposed to move for an Account of the Deficiencies of the several paymasters within the same period . The reason why he brought forward this motion was , that he might call the attention of the house to the Sixth Report of Military Inquiry , as the papers on the table were not sufficient to place the subject fully in the possession of the house , and that , though the clerks in the War Office had been increased since 1797 , 277 from ten to fifty , yet the accounts were as much in arrear as before this increase took place , and the business of the Office seemed rather to be impeded than promoted by this increase . said , he had no objection to the production of these papers ; but as the subject was under the consideration of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , and the War Office was occupied in forming arrangements pursuant to the suggestions of that Report , and also of the 7th and 8th Reports , he put it to the hon . gent . whether he should not defer his motion for the present , until he should know what arrangements would be adopted , especially as the preparation of these papers might interfere with the time of the clerks , now usefully occupied in the projected arrangements . had no desire to press his motion , if his majesty 's ministers were resolved to oppose it . Why had they not made the arrangements alluded to , in all the period since June last , when the Report was laid before the house ? He believed it likely , that no arrangement was in contemplation , till after he had given notice of this motion . But he could assure the house , that unless an entire change of system should take place , much loss would accrue to the public . What cost 50,000l . now , could be done for less than 30,000l . and this he would pledge himself to prove . He could not see why the accounts should not be settled here as well as they were in Ireland . He had been on both establishments , and had suffered , together with his regiment , by the failure of a paymaster , and the arrears of accounts in this country . conceiving himself personally glanced at by the observations of the hon . gent. , begged to assure him , that on his coming into office he had seen the necessity of making some arrangement , and had been prevented from undertaking it only by the consideration , that the subject was in the hands of the parliamentary Commissioners of Military Inquiry . submitted to the hon . gent. , whether , when he was informed that the subject was in a train of arrangement , it would not be better for him to defer his motion till he should see what would be done