assigned his motives for making those arrangements with America , which had excited so much attention , he thought of such importance , that it ought to be immediately laid on their table . The noble lord concluded by moving , `` That there be laid before the house a copy of the Instructions given to Mr. Erskine on the subject of the Attack on the Chesapeake , as also any communication that his majesty 's ministers might be possessed of from Mr. Erskine , explaining his motives for making the late arrangements with America . '' thought the reasons he should give for not concurring with the motion would be satisfactory to the noble lord . It had been rumoured abroad that Mr. Erskine had not departed from his Instructions : he thought it was proper to prove to this country , to America and to the world , that such a report was not founded in fact . The fact whether the arrangements he had made , were or were not in conformity to the Instructions he had received , was the point in question . The papers already produced were , he thought , sufficient to substantiate the fact of Mr. Erskine 's having gone beyond his Instructions . He had , indeed , the admission of the noble lord , that the arrangement was coucluded without due authority . This was the main point which government , in justification of the measures they were under the necessity of adopting , were anxious to establish . All farther discussion of the subject at this moment , would not only be attended with inconveniences , too obvious to put him under the necessity of repeating them , but might possibly endanger the success of ulterior arrangements . The point necessary to establish was , that the Instructions were not followed , and of that the noble lord seemed convinced . With respect to the conduct of Mr. Erskine , nothing was said of it but what the absolute necessity of the case ex- 1025 torted from government . The proceedings of that gentleman were productive of very great embarrassment to his majesty 's ministers . On the very day that his last dispatch was dated , the arrangement which he took upon himself to make with the American government was made public in that country ; and in the course of a few days after , property to the amount of many millions was probably loaded for this country . The noble lord supposed that some verbal assurances were obtained by Mr. Erskine , to the effect of the stipulations contained in his instructions . That was a point upon which he could not be expected to satisfy the noble lord ; but if any such assurances had been obtained , they must have been of so satisfactory a nature , as to induce government to act upon the faith of them pending any ulterior security . They must have been such as to induce ministers to acquiesce in an arrangement contrary to the principles by which it was to be defined . That this was not the case it would not be difficult to infer from the circumstance of government being compelled to disown the arrangement . He hoped the house and the country would believe , that if the three points which Mr. Erskine was instructed to require had been obtained , there existed in his majesty 's councils a disposition to permit the neutral to carry into effect by himself the principle of the departure from the Orders in Council , and not to resort to the harsher measure . That the first of these three points was not obtained was evident from the papers on the table . This was in fact the most important ; it was the sine qua non of the arrangement , that America should maintain her non-intercourse system against France . The third stipulation was not even touched upon . This , though of considerable importance , was not of that paramount consequence that the first was . Government had the right and the power to prevent neutrals from