be thus exchanged for a seat in parliament , why should not a surveyorship of the Customs be applied to the same object ? If this open abuse was passed over slightly , it would be telling the whole house , and the country , that such transactions might be carried on with impunity , in direct violation of the spirit of the acts to prevent bribery at elections . Was the house gravely to tell the country , that he who corrupted one voter was to be punished , while he who corrupted the whole was to be allowed to escape ? And yet the noble lord proposed to pass over this transaction altogether , and to come to the order of the day ! For the curiosity of the thing , he should like to know what the order of the day was . It was , he understood , the third reading of the Irish Commissioners Fees Bill ; and the house was to pass over this great constitutional question without doing any thing , in order to discuss the subject of Irish Fees . There never could be a better opportunity of declaring the sense of parliament on this species of abuse ( coughing ) . He was aware that the case was so clear , that many might think he took up too much of the time of the house in discussing it ; and he trusted that those who were so impatient would shew that they agreed with him by their votes , ( Hear , hear ! from the Opposition side ) .—The hon . gent . then adverted to the transactions of the noble lord in Ireland , and from his assertions of purity drew this inference , that in the minds of some men , even of correct private characters , the supposed value of the end might , by custom , sanction any means whatever . He recollected that Mr. Hastings made a defence at the bar of the house which astonished every one ; and almost every allegation of which he afterwards disavowed , when it appeared that it was not his own , but the defence of some other gentleman , who had drawn it up for him . The defence of the noble lord that night was all his own . But political men ought To consider the means better , because improper means might turn out to be as mischievous in the long run , as if the ends had been 235 culpable.—The hon . gent . then adverted to the state of the public mind with respect to abuses , and observed , that if the house passed over such a transaction as this lightly , it would forfeit its character with the country . There were some who thought that the best way to stop the popular clamour , as it had been called , was by meeting it manfully and resolutely . This might be the case , if the stream ran in a wrong direction . But when the direction was right , those who thus opposed it would only be overwhelmed by the torrent . In adopting a middle course , the true way for gentlemen would be to agree to the Resolution of facts , and then propose , a modification if necessary , of any resolution of censure that might be offered . The house , in the discharge of its duty , could not do less than adopt the Resolutions of his noble friend . admitted , that where it appeared that electors had been corrupted , punishment ought to follow . But here no voter had been corrupted , and the circumstance occurred four years ago . He put it to the house , therefore , whether they could conscientiously come to any resolution of seventy against the noble viscount , even upon the evidence before them ? There was no practical injury that had arisen from the negociation—no acting upon it—no result—it died in embrio . No seat was obtained or lost through it ; no corruption proceeded , no body was benefitted by it ,