col. Cordon , who was , he was confident , one of the last men in the empire , who would appropriate to himself any thing whatever that could interfere with the comfort of a British soldier . Whatever some gentlemen might think of the value of the situation of this meritorious officer , he begged it to be understood that it engrossed the whole of his time and his mind , and left him scarcely leisure to enjoy the ordinary comforts of life . observed , that col. Gordon bid for this ground as any other man might have done ; and if any blame belonged to the transaction , that blame did not appear to attach to that officer . > said , that with respect to the bargain , so far as it affected the public , it was an absolute job . The pensioners were to be immured to give advantage to colonel Gordon 's pleasure-grounds ; and though , according to the speech of the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that officer would not take advantage of the soldier , he seemed to have no objection to take advantage of the ground . This was , in his opinion , the only spot in England fit for the purpose of an infirmary for the hospital , and he would be happy to give double the sum col. Gordon was to pay for it , and secure it on any of his estates , for the sole purpose of giving it up to the hospital , rather than this monument of national munificence should be disfigured . He thought this the greatest job he had ever heard of ; it was a job of all jobs , and ought to be distinguished by the name of the Job . We heard every day of baremeters , thermometers , and chronometers , and this should be called the Jobometer . As to the papers , he 398 would not go into them . Dr. Moseley desired the whole of the premises . Mr. Aust , in his letter , says , part may be granted ; and in that division col. Gordon got about sixteen parts out of nineteen . Some gentlemen had talked of the expense of a wall ; but they did not mention , that if it was not for col. Gordon , that wall would not be wanting . He thought the pensioners were very ill used in many respects . There was a very fine large public terrace , but the old soldiers were never suffered to set a foot on it ; they were totally excluded from it : and as to the garden , not a single leek were the poor pensioners permitted to take to make their porridge with . He could not see such transactions going forward without taking notice of them . He felt it to be an imperious duty which compelled him to aim at their correction . He had no doubt , but , in these demure times , the cry would be raised against him . He did not know by what name lie should be assailed ; jacobin , he supposed , was grown too state and worn out , and gentlemen began to be ashamed of it ; but it signified not to him what it was ; he would wear any name that went along with the reformation of abuses . With respect to the motion , he had no doubt but his hon . friend who brought it forward , would agree to take a select committee , instead of an open committee of the whole house ; and as there were further papers to be produced , they might be referred to the said committee . contended , that the hon . baronet had misrepresented the fact ; though , he had no doubt he had done so from misconception . No idea had been formed of making the Infirmary for the poor invalids to resemble a prison . said , that in looking over the papers , he thought government must have been