Treasury , the usual and ordinary course of proceeding would be to pass to the other orders of the day , or to resort to the previous question . The first question for the house to consider was , whether the act of the Treasury was legal ; the next if it was blameable . The hon . gent . who had brought forward the Resolutions had not gone so far as to say that the act was illegal : he was therefore justified in assuming that it was legal . As to the propriety of the act , he had to observe , that when the present administration came into office , the house had been separated from the office of judge-advocate , and a compensation of 500l . per annum given in lieu to that officer . The notice served upon the present sir Charles Morgan to quit the house had expired since the present administration came into office ; and as the house was not large enough for the office of the home department , it was thought right to give it for the present to the President of the Board of Controul , but not to annex it to his office . No minute had been made of the transaction ; not because the board of 933 Treasury wished to shrink from the responsibility , but because no board was sitting at the time . If any sufficient salary was annexed to the office of President of the Board of Controul , then certainly the board of Treasury would have been to blame ; but as it was admitted on all hands that the salary was inadequate , he trusted the house would not think that there was any thing improper in the transaction . appealed to the hon . gent. , ( Mr. Bankes ) who was then chairman of the committee of finance , whether immediately on his retiring from office , he had not suggested to him the propriety of recommending the increase of the salaries of some offices , and particularly of that of the President of the Board of Controul . But though the salary was too small , he did not think the house should sanction the addition to it in the shape of a grant of a house . For his own part , he thought the transaction illegal , because the act gave only 5,000l . per annum to be applied to the payment of the commissioners ; and when it was afterwards , in 1702 , thought right to grant them all salaries , it was provided that the East India company should not pay more than 16,000l . But when it was provided that the East India company should not pay more , it was not intended that the public should be made to pay any part of the salaries of the commissioners . He thought , therefore , that the board of Treasury was blameable in letting the President of the Board of Controul have the house in the manner they had , and , as he felt they had acted improvidently , he should vote for the motion . admitted that the right hon . gent . had made the communication he alluded to , at the time he stated , but as the Committee had been appointed for the purpose of inquiring what retrenchments could be made in offices and sinecures , he did not think that it came within the purpose for which it had been appointed , to recommend an increase of the salary of any office . He thought the mode of augmenting salaries by granting houses was the worst , the most absurd , and most prodigal manner , in which that could be done . It generally cost the public double or treble the amount of the increase in contemplation . He was of opinion that it was contrary to the intention and the meaning of the act of parliament , that such an appropriation as that under consideration should have been made . After a few words in explanation from 934 the Chancellor of the Exchequer ,