mercantile knowledge I am sure will enable them to confirm that statement , that so far from there being any superfluous officers in the customs , the treasury is constantly applied to by the trade of this and all the principal ports for an increase of the establishment . We have constantly representations before us , that business is retarded from the want of a sufficient number of custom-house officers . The board of customs is constantly assailed with complaints of a like nature ; and it is always slowly , reluctantly , and not till they are most fully impressed with the necessity of the case , that they recommend any addition ; and the treasury 1116 never makes any such additions without their recommendation . So much , Sir , for superfluous establishments in this branch of the revenue , in which I need not remind the house , that all sinecure offices , and places executed by deputy , were abolished by Mr. Pitt . In the Stamps , however , the hon . gent . has discovered an expenditure of 130,000l . whilst , in his opinion , the management and collection of that revenue ought not to cost more than 30,000l . Nothing but the most complete ignorance on this subject can excuse such an assertion on the part of the hon . gent . The revenue of stamps amounts at present to near 5,000,000l . The use of them is become necessary in almost all the transactions of life ; and consequently distributors are required in every part of the kingdom . In the course of last year , the treasury directed the poundage allowed to those distributors to be reduced one-fourth ; but we have since been obliged to suspend the order , upon finding that persons could not be procured to take upon themselves the trouble and responsibility of the distribution at that reduced rate ; and that much more would have been lost to the public by a diminished sale than would have been gained by the reduction . The house , besides , must be aware , that when titles to property are invalidated , if the proper stamps are not used , when every species of security is made to depend upon them , and when to all this , heavy penalties are superadded , to compel the use of stamps , and for the protection of the revenue , it becomes the duty of the government to place them within the reach of the consumer ; and that therefore , independently of revenue considerations , we are called upon not to abridge the means of distribution . With respect to the establishment in London , so far from its being excessive or overpaid , there is no department in which the salaries in general are so low , as gentlemen will see , when I state to them , that not a month ago , upon a clerk 's situation becoming vacant , the commissioners applied to the treasury to appoint a successor , stating the salary was 50l . per annum , and that the office required constant attendance , and every qualification that can be required from an efficient clerk , and was moreover a situation of great trust . How were the treasury to find out a fit person for such a remuneration ? who would accept the appointment ? All the other salaries are 1117 nearly in the same proportion , and I have no scruple to say , that not only justice to individuals , but to the public interest , requires that they should be raised , if the public expect efficiency and fidelity in the persons employed . The hon . gent . must therefore be prepared for an augmentation of charge in this department . With respect to the collection of the Land and Assessed Taxes , the hon . gent . is not more fortunate in his observations . The poundage allowed to the receivers has been reduced one-fourth by the present treasury ; and , with respect to the balances in their hands , they are limited to