would be convinced that the subject was deserving of the most serious attention , and that it was most desirable , if possible , to make every practicable retrenchment in this expenditure . Of the whole sum , about six hundred and ninety seven thousand seven hundred and forty seven pounds , appeared to him actually necessary ; but as to the remainder , he conceived it to be the bounden duty of the house , to inquire what reduction could be made , what retrenchment effected in every part or branch of it . Whatever was necessary for the support of the royal family ; whatever was requisite for the comfort and splendour of the different branches of that family ; whatever had been secured by parliamentary grant for eminent public services ; all this , so long as it was possible to raise it , he considered not only unexceptionable , but actually necessary for the well-being of the state . But when the house recollected , that the whole of the sum so expended was raised by public taxes , or indirect means of revenue , it would feel the propriety of examining into the amount of saving that could be procured on the aggregate amount of this branch of the public expenditure , without injury to the public service . He was ready to admit , and it would appear by the Resolutions with which he meant to conclude , that no great immediate saving , no very sensible alleviation of the public burthens was to be effected . But an essential benefit must result from the effect that would be produced on the public 411 mind , by shewing that there existed a sincere disposition in that house , to make all the retrenchments that were compatible with the public service . He was not one of those who regulated their public conduct , or would resort to any particular measure , `` arbitrio popularis auræ ; '' but when the wishes of the people were directed to a rational reform of existing abuses , he thought they ought to be attended to . What the wishes of the people were in such a case , when they tended to such a Reform , Mr. Burke had described to be a just and salutary warning to that house.—The right hon . gent . opposite would recollect what had taken place in 1782 on this subject . From that period to the present time , scarce a session had elapsed without the attention of the house having been drawn to the subject . They had had reports regularly from 1786 to 1791 , referring to the various branches of the public expenditure ; and they had since the Reports of the Committee appointed in 1796 , in which the person ( the Speaker ) whom he had the honour to address , had presided with so much credit to himself , and exerted his talents with so much benefit for the public service ; reports drawn up with so much ability , and containing throughout so much political knowledge and sound sense . The Reports of 1797 recommended an enquiry by that house , what retrenchments could be made in this particular branch of the public expenditure . But what had been the consequence ? He was ready to admit , that a few offices of the customs had been abolished , yet how much had the remaining suggestions of this Report been neglected , when not a step had been taken to carry them into effect ? The Report of 1796 referred to the offices and sinecures in the Courts of Justice , and as it appeared by that Report , the Committee recommended the abolition of offices of that description to the amount of 26,879l . per annum . It was curious , too , to remark that lord Hale , that most eminent judicial authority , had also long previously recommended the abolition of such offices . Yet , so far were the suggestions of the Report from having been attended to , that he observed by the return of places granted in