Treasury was exerted in returning members to that house . In the good old times of the country , the crime was looked upon in its proper light—it was considered as fraught with the most dreadful consequences . In 1734 , sir John St. Aubin declared in that house that such a system alone could give the last fatal blow to the liberties of the country , and that if the Treasury governed that house , the popular part of the constitution was gone for ever—that the people might continue to exist , but that the doors of that house would be effectually closed against their wishes and their wants . But he would read to the house the passage : — '' For if a minister should ever gain a corrupt familiarity with our Boroughs , if he should keep a register of them in his closet , and by sending down his Treasury mandates , should procure a spurious representation of the people , the offspring of his corruption , who will be at all times ready to reconcile and justify the most contradictory measures of his administration—if the maintenance of his power should become the sole object of their attention , and they should be guilty of the most violent breach of parliamentary trust , by giving the king a 490 discretionary liberty of taxing the people without limitation or controul , the last fatal compliment they can pay the crown ; if this should ever be the unhappy circumstance of this nation , the people indeed may complain , but the doors of that place where their complaints should be heard will be for ever shut against them . Let country gentlemen , by having frequent opportunities of exerting themselves , be kept active in their contention for the public good , this will raise that zeal and indignation , which will at last get the better of those undue influences , by which the officers of the crown , though unknown to the several boroughs , have been able to supplant country gentlemen of great character and fortune , who live in their neighbourhood . `` —The nature of that influence branched out into so many and various ways of misapplying the money taken out of the pockets of the people , that it was impossible to have an adequate idea of its magnitude and danger , or to be too vigilant in retrenching the one and guarding against the other . He had already signified his intention of taking an early opportunity of submitting to the consideration of the house the present state of certain boroughs in England . He trusted that the statement he should then submit to the house would induce them to a revision of the entire system of boroughs . He should take the liberty of adverting at present to one or two instances of this borough influence . The first was the borough of Hastings , which consisted of only fourteen voters . The right of election being in the corporation . This borough was the property of Mr. Milwood and his son , who were agents for government , and were the mayor of the town alternately . The younger Mr. Milwood was comptroller of the excise , with a salary of 1,425l . per annum , a place which was nearly , if not quite a sinecure , though by the 5th of William and Mary , chapter the 30th , collectors and officers in the excise were interdicted from any interference in elections . If the sum of 1,425l . be multiplied by seven , it would be found that it cost the people for every parliament 9,975l.—With respect to the borough of Rye there were but six electors . Mr. Thomas Lamb was agent for the Treasury , and this gentleman was in the enjoyment of the lucrative situation of tally-cutter , another in the Exchequer , and was also cursitor of Hampshire . This borough was under similar restrictions as the last mentioned 491 borough of Hastings.—The next borough he should advert to was that of Cambridge . Here the agent for government was