appropriating . As the scale of expenditure becomes larger , the injury sustained by the state from the loss or mis-application of any particular sum becomes less perceptible ; and men yield with more facility to the argument , that what is a great deal to them the country will never miss . This is the morality , I fear , of a large portion of the nation , and I am sure is not least found in those who emphatically stile themselves `` the people . '' Yet with a system of public probity thus relaxed , in the midst of a public thus disposed to prey upon itself , and upon a scale of expenditure like that which must of necessity prevail in an empire like this , it is thought a reason for breaking up the government , that it can not exclude abuses from our establishments , to a degree which few persons find attainable , in the management even of their own little domestic concerns . It is our business , no doubt , to keep those abuses as low as possible ; and the more corrupt the public is , the more are such exertions necessary : but , let us not complain that we do not attain what is not attainable , and above all let us understand the fact truly , that the corruptions charged are , except in a few inconsiderable instances , not the corruptions of the government , but the corruptions of the people , which the government is unable to prevent.—Having thus far examined the nature of the charges , let us inquire a little whether there is any thing which we are bound to yield to the authority of those , by whom they are brought forward . I do not know why the members of this house , or of any other body , are to stand quietly by , and hear themselves stigmatized collectively with all sorts of opprobrious epithets , which they do not feel individually to deserve , without so far retaliating upon their revilers , as to ask with submission , who they are , who by thus dealing out their invectives to the right and left , seem to arrogate to themselves the character of 765 being the only honest men in the world . We want to know a little upon what they found their pretensions . After defending ourselves as well as we can , we may be allowed to exert a portion of the freedom , which they so largely take with us , and desire to be informed , what are the pledges which they have given , what the sacrifices which they have made , as vouchers for this integrity and public spirit , which they seem to consider as found no where but with themselves ? A reputation for patriotism seems to require for the attainment of it less than is necessary for the acquisition of any other object , however trivial . Nothing seems to be requisite , but the assurance which gets up and says , I am the only honest man , all others are rogues . Indeed , the former part of the declaration seems hardly to be called for : if the abuse of others is sufficiently loud and general , the honesty of the person himself is assumed as matter of course . No trial or examination is necessary , no previous stock of reputation , no evidence from former conduct ; the trade of a patriot , like that of an attorney or apothecary , is of the class of those which may be set up without capital . I should be glad to know , for instance , what are the sacrifices which have ever been made by the hon . bart . ( sir Francis Burdett ) as the foundation of that high tone which he assumes with respect to all unfortunate public men who have ever been in office . I am far from meaning to insinuate , let it be remarked , that the hon . bart . would not be ready , at