which he must now again resort to , if he found any person of the same opinion with himself , namely by proposing an Address to his majesty on the Message , which should be expressive of the opinion he entertained en the subject , and record it upon the Journals of the house . He agreed that it was right , that ministers should be vested with a power to assist Spain and Portugal , though he doubted much , from appearances , and from the exaggerated statements both of our commander and minis- 811 ters , that the contest would terminate in the subjugation of the one country , and in the other being wrested out of cur hands . He did not wish , however , that ministers should have no power to afford to those countries such assistance as they thought proper , and might be necessary ; While there was life there was hope . The peninsula was engaged in a glorious cause , and after the share we had taken in it , he could not say that we ought , till the very last moment , to abandon men who were fighting for what , was as dear as life itself—liberty and independence . He could not agree with a member of administration , in another place , that the cause was as hopeful as ever , but still he did not wish it to be abandoned without another effort . He understood a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Ponsonby ) not now present , was to have said something on the present question as to Austria ; and in the absence of that right hon . friend he felt himself called upon to state his own views upon the subject . If the struggle in which she was now engaged was not forced upon her by France , she seemed to have chosen an improper time for it . It appeared that it had been entered into without any concert or advice of this government ; that every thing had been conducted on the part of his majesty 's ministers , in the language of coldness ; that they had even dissuaded her from the contest . But whether she had been compelled by necessity to adopt the measure , or had resorted to it from choice , the events which had taken place during the short period she had been engaged in war , plainly shewed that she had gone to war without making a good calculation of her own strength , or any correct estimate of that of the enemy she had to encounter . Flattering accounts were circulated of insurrections having taken place in favour of Austria , but every one knew that Buonaparté had marched from the Rhine to Vienna in a shorter time than he did when he subdued the country before , without experiencing any opposition from the people of Austria or of Vienna , who had been represented as glowing with the most ardent enthusiasm in the cause . Some faint resistance had been made by the archduke Maximilian with a small body of troops , by whom some even of the inhabitants of the city had been destroyed , but the people had taken no part in the struggle . In the same manner we had been pompously told of the enthusiasm of the people of 812 Oporto ; yet they , it appeared , had received the French troops as willingly as they did the English army . We were now amused in it similar manner by accounts from Austria , but in his opinion no rational hopes could be grounded on such information , and whatever might be the motive which again induced Austria to brave the power of France , he thought such an ill-advised step would end in her subjugation and ruin . With respect to the conduct which this country under such circumstances ought to pursue , he trusted he should not be thought ungenerous in his sentiments , or niggardly in disposing of the country 's resources , nor yet as furthering the views of