themselves . Being unable to level up , they were determined to level down . Though he did pot say the hon . member belonged to that party , he must say , that his motion was calculated to promote the views of that party . The hon . member had , however , acted with candour ; because though he said he should begin with 503 Cashel , be also stated that he should not stop there , but go on to other cases , to a series of investigations , which he meant to institute in that house . He first meant to go to the government , and thence he would go to individuals , so that no person could possibly conjecture where he might stop . But his objection to the hon . gent . 's motion was , and a considerable objection it was , that he had not stated what he meant to do in the committee . He should have taken his whole case at once , and not proposed to go on with the business by piece-meal . The course the hon . member had in view was to go to one committee with one point , and then to another on another point , and so in succession , which would lead to endless committees . This motion had been represented as the first step to Parliamentary Reform . All who knew the practice of his life must know that he was no friend to Parliamentary Reform ; but this motion formed no part of that question . The hon . member proposed , by putting information on the table against one member , and then against another , to prosecute his object in a succession of charges . But this would have no effect but to gratify that appetite for slander , which had been excited amongst certain descriptions of the people , and to create and keep alive a taste for Reform . Indeed , the motion would lean not to Parliamentary Reform , but to parliamentary destruction . But here he begged to be understood not to mean , that to bring charges for abuse or corruption against any individuals in that house , would lead to parliamentary destruction ; quite the reverse . It was to bring charges upon such information as the hon . member had given to the house , that he thought would lead to destruction . He agreed with the noble lord ( Milton ) , that it was desirable to resort to prospective measures , to prevent the influence of the crown upon the votes of members of that house : but to refer this charge to a committee up stairs , was not the way to attain that object . What he condemned was the mixing prospective measures of prevention with retrospective crimination . When the noble lord ( Milton ) who stood so high for honour , loyalty , and honesty , had stated , that if the whole of the charges were proved , he should not think the worse of the individuals to whom they referred , could the house think that there was any good ground for entertaining them ? The right hon . baronet then proceeded to ani- 504 madvert upon the charge , and the ground laid for proceeding with it . He contended that it was brought forward , not on information but surmise ; and that if the hon . member had received any information upon the subject , it must have been through the breach of every principle of honour that existed in civilized society : and that the information derived from the rascality of a few persons , or the general surmise of the hon . gent. , was made the ground of a charge which would gratify the appetite for scandal , which had been industriously excited in the public mind.—The right hon . baronet again objected to the committee , because the measure brought in by his hon . friend ( Mr. Curwen ) shewed a disposition in the house on all sides , to provide prospectively against the