statement that the court of Star Chamber owed its abolition in any principal degree to such punishments . The punishment which gave offence to parliament of this nature , was not one that sentenced to distant prisons ( as they were called ) in England , but , in the cases of Prynne , Bastwick , and others , who were sent to the islands of Jersey , Guernsey , and Scilly . It was not correct in historical fact , to say , that the abolition of the jurisdiction of that court was owing 599 to such causes . There were other and weightier causes assigned for that measure . It was in point of fact , not the sentences passed , bat the whole proceedings of that court previous to the passing of such sentences , that alarmed the fears , awakened the jealousies , and procured the votes of parliament which effected its abolition . In support of his observations , he referred to lord Clarendon . He noticed some expressions which had fallen from the learned gentleman , respecting words used by Bastwick when undergoing his sentence in Palace-yard , and desired to know by what modern lights it was discovered that the sayings of a man in Palace-yard , addressed to the mob , were to be introduced by lawyers , or received in a grave and learned assembly as matter of illustration , reference , or precedent . He observed that the cases in which the learned gentleman attempted to make out any thing in his support were all anterior to the Revolution . That learned gentleman , he contended , was , from various instances , of which he cited several from which he endeavoured to shew the weakness of his arguments , erroneous in his notions respecting the right of the court of King 's Bench , even previous to the era of the Revolution . There was much said about good times and bad times ; but he should like to know into what political dictionary he was to look for a definition of which were the good times , and which were the bad times . There was always enough of that sort of argument to be met with whenever legal precedents were resorted to , whatever be the nature and necessity of the case . Coming down , however , to the period of the Revolution , he believed it would be obvious that in these best times , the mode of punishment now asserted to be illegal , was most frequently practised , and yet no doubts had then been raised as to its propriety and its legality . The learned solicitor then asserted that in the times of seven chief justices and twenty-two judges , he had not less than twenty-one cases in point to offer to the notice of their lordships . Beginning with lord chief justice . Holt , he continued with other instances from lord chief justice Parker , lord chief justice Mansfield , lord chief justice Kenyon , & c. up to the present time , during all which course so many excellent constitutional puisne judges had also sat on the bench in that high criminal court ; in all which cases judgment had been given and executed wrongfully and illegally , if the judgment 600 in the present case were to be deemed illegal . He dwelt particularly on several individual cases , especially one in which a man was found guilty of perjury before a committee of the house of commons on the Hindon election , and was sent to Hindon to be set upon the pillory in that place , where his example was likely to produce the most beneficial effects ; and another , in which for a crime committed in Wales , the convicted person suffered at Kennington , in Surrey . He mentioned another case of a distant crime , for which the execution took place at St. Thomas Watering , Kent , and an old instance of a man sent to Portsmouth to be executed for desertion or cowardice , because that was the place where