against any improper interference in the election of your members.—Against the noble lord to whom my motion refers , I assure the house that I do not mean to offer one word beyond what the Evidence contains ; that I do not mean to make any charge against him , but what he makes against himself , nor to adduce any Evidence but that which the Committee received , and from his own lips , and upon that Evidence I shall ground my call on you for a vote of disapprobation . Perhaps it may be possible to offer some remarks on the case , tending to extenuate the delinquency of this culprit , as I must consider the noble lord , although I do not think such remarks easy to be produced or imagined . I apprehend there is no intention to deprecate or to interrupt the fair discussion of this question . Let me hope that the house , for its own honour , will repel such an attempt , if it be made . I trust that even from considerations of policy it will be forward to mark with appropriate reprehension a transaction which , if overlooked , can not fail to bring disgrace upon itself . It is in Evidence , that in the year 1805 , the noble lord received a letter from Mr. Reding , who was a perfect stranger to him ; and , yet with this stranger , he , in consequence , had 206 a meeting , in which a direct proposition was made to assist him in procuring a seat.—Upon such a proposition , from the station of the noble lord , from the habits of his life , and from the sense of his duty , one should have thought that he would have shewn some symptoms of displeasure ; that he would have taken means to ascertain the nature and extent of a conspiracy to pollute the purity of this house , to make a corrupt disposal of its seats , in order to bring the persons concerned to public exposure and infamy . Such was the course which the noble lord ought to have pursued . But , no ; the noble lord gave a very gracious reception to Mr. Reding , and told him , that he did not want a seat himself , but that a friend did , to which friend he sent him , as appears in the following Extracts from the noble lord 's Evidence : — '' The object of Mr. Reding 's letter was to say , that he thought he had the means of assisting me in coming into parliament . I told Mr. Reding that I did not want a seat in parliament for myself , but that a friend of mine did . I inclosed Mr. Reding 's letter to lord Clancarty ( the friend alluded to ) . I was induced to place a writership at lord Clancarty 's disposal , and certainly the impression under which I did it was , that lord Clancarty 's coming into parliament might be thereby facilitated . —The noble lord was then asked , if any thing passed as to a negociation for a writership ? To which he answered , Nothing whatever . I told Mr. Reding I did not want a seat for myself , but that a friend of mine did . I asked him the name of the gentleman who proposed to vacate . This he declined till the terms were settled , with which having nothing to do , I inclosed his letter to lord Clancarty . It is impossible , Sir , for any person exercising an impartial judgment to consider this treating any otherwise than a direct willingness to agree to what was proposed . He inclosed a letter to lord Clancarty , and never saw Mr. Reding afterwards . The negociation with lord Clancarty appears from a subsequent question , in answer to which he says , I was induced to place a writer ship at lord Clancarty 's disposal , in order that lord Clancarty 's coming into parliament might