chest , as a salve for the ridicule of the populace , for I am persuaded , he will be made to refund `` the uttermost farthing . `` —Sir , I do hope that the change which will be produced in consequence of the discovery lately made , in what Mr. Bowles terms the hitherto Terra incognita of morals , ' will be productive of great public advantage . The whole of our public system will partake of the effects resulting from such discoveries . If these gentlemen are treated with more severity in this house , than some of those that have lately appeared before us , the reason is obvious . They surrendered at discretion : but the Dutch Commissioners fight upon their very stumps : and not contented with the attacks they have made upon the Committee , whose labours we ought to uphold , have had the modesty to canvas the members of this 313 house , for their votes and interest . The evidence upon which we can proceed , with regard to them , appears to me to be conclusive . There is no possibility of evading the charge of a gross fraud upon the public . Indeed , I should be sorry that the house should proceed upon that sort of evidence , on which Mr. Bowles thought proper to invade the sacred silence of the tomb , and to charge the late duke of Bedford with a want of religion , merely because his eulogist had not mentioned religion in the speech with which he paid the tribute of honour and affection to his memory . Mr. Bowles was then dragged forth , the reluctant champion of public morals : he never would have been disposed , he said , to publish one word respecting the late duke of Bedford , if he had not felt that the unqualified eulogies which were passed upon him , had had a tendency to corrupt the public sentiment . But such an enemy was he to corruption of all kinds , that he found himself compelled to be the reluctant attacker of the memory of the duke of Bedford , upon a subject , which even during life , might be deemed to be peculiarly a man 's own , and upon which , after death , when it can not possibly matter to the world ; when the great account is closed , and there is no correction to be made of the errors which have been committed , and no change of sentiment can take place , it does appear to be an act of the most wanton and deliberate cruelty to make such an attack.—Sir , I am not afraid of entering the lists with Christianus Laicus upon this subject : although with the addition of two syllables , to express myself in Mr. B 's own words , `` I know that `` he who will fairly enter the lists with `` Anti-Jacobinism , must be prepared to `` encounter the utmost vengeance of the `` most implacable malice . '' The utmost vengeance of attack was directed against the duke of Bedford on political matters , whilst he was alive , and the implacable malice of Mr. Bowles was not satiated by his death . The evidence upon which he proceeded to establish a fact , which to him was of no importance , and with which , neither he , nor the world had any thing to do , was very different from that upon which the frauds of the Dutch Commissioners can be most incontrovertibly placed . He propagated the calumny of the irreligion of the duke of Bedford upon this slender foundation . He had heard from a person , who said he had 314 heard from another , who was the parish clerk of Woburn , that the duke of Bedford employed his labourers on a Sunday . The parish clerk , however , who was stated to be the author of the information , which a reverend gentleman of the Church of England gave to Mr. John Bowles , and which Mr. Bowles has