, and thus infringe on the prerogative of the crown . Ministers , besides , were responsible for the advice they gave his majesty on such occasions ; but there would be an end to that responsibility , were they to be questioned upon the reasons why , on any particular occasion , they preferred one officer to another . He never should silently suffer such questions to be put , at least he should never answer them . With regard to sir J. Craddock , he , for one , had the highest opinion of his military character , and he believed the rest of his majesty 's ministers entertained the same opinion of his services and merits ; and he was happy to have this occasion of bearing the fullest testimony to the deserts of that gallant officer . was glad to hear the honourable testimony paid to the merits of gen. Craddock by the noble secretary of state ; for the character of that gallant general must be peculiarly dear to his feelings . , in explanation , said that he had no intention of putting improper questions to the noble secretary ; his only wish was , to draw from him the acknowledgment the noble secretary had just made of the merits and good conduct of sir J. Craddock in Portugal . observed , that he protested against such questions being addressed to ministers , lest it should be drawn into a precedent , and that upon occasions When it might not be in the power of ministers to speak of the commander then alluded to , as he was now able to speak of the character and conduct of sir J. Craddock . rose and stated 32 to the house that a few days ago , being in his own house , a servant in livery came there with a note , which was brought into the room to him by his own servant , on opening which he found it was from a person he did not know , and while he was telling his servant it was a mistake , and the note was not to him , Daniel Butler , the person Complained of , and another man , rushed violently into the room , and Butler said he had a writ against him , which he gave him to read ; that on reading it , he found it was for sir John Charles Hamilton , on which he told the officer that he had made a mistake ; that his name was not John Charles , but merely Charles Hamilton ; that he was not the person , and , besides all that , he was a member of parliament . The officer , however , persisted that his name was John Charles Hamilton , insisted he should go with him , and behaved with great rudeness . Finding all remonstrance vain , he agreed to go with him ; but previous to doing so , he said to the officer , in the presence of all his servants : `` Then you persist in my attending you , notwithstanding all I have told you ? '' Butler answered—Yes . `` And if I do n't go quietly I suppose you will force me ? '' Butler replied—Yes , certainly . On which sir Charles went with him to his attorney , and there the man being convinced of his error , let him go . Sir Charles said , he was informed by the attorney that he had no remedy against him by a legal prosecution , so that if he had not been a member of parliament , he must have put up with the insult . This circumstance happened in the afternoon , but neither in the course of that day nor the next did the officer send to make any apology . He thought it therefore his duty to state the transaction to the house , as it so materially concerned their privileges . He concluded by moving , `` That Daniel Butler be called to the bar . '' On Butler 's appearing at the