confessed , that looking to the situation and circumstances in which the Report was drawn up , it would have been more desirable that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had assumed the task , but not having felt that to be his duty , he was glad to find that he was not for that reason averse to the spirit of the regulations suggested , and was sure that he had done no more than justice to his hon . and learned friend , when he ascribed to him that fairness and candour with which he had introduced the measure . It was not from any expectation of great saving that he advocated this measure , or with any view of being able thereby to lessen the burdens of the taxes . As the whole sphere of the pensions , sinecures , and allowances did not amount to 428 more than a fifty-second part of the annual expenditure of this country , and after deducting the allowances to the royal family , would not exceed one 80th part of the expenditure , the house could not be entitled to expect that any great saving could result from the curtailment of this branch of the public expenditure . It was not therefore , on this expectation , but on the principle that , however small the advantage to be derived from the investigation of abuses , the constant attention of the house should be directed to the suppression of such evils , that he agreed to the motion of his hon . and learned friend . After deducting the annuities to the royal family , the amount of pensions , sinecures , & c. amounted to 950,000l . This sum was received not for services performing , but performed . If sinecures were not the proper mode of rewarding all services performed , still it was not said that they should be excluded altogether . So , the question should be , to what extent this was the fittest mode , and whether the amount of sums so payable did or did not exceed the value of the service performed . The object of his hon . friend was not that these offices should be done away , but that the amount of them should not be greater than the value of the service rendered to the public . His next object was , that the emoluments of Offices in Courts of Law should not be allowed to fluctuate , and to exceed what was to have been expected when they were originally instituted . Thirdly , to prevent the possible creation of places , as stipulated for by Mr. Burke 's bill , by providing for the annual publicity of all circumstances connected with the grants of such places . No where could this privilege be so safely lodged as in the crown ; but being so confided , it was proper that an account of the nature and manner of the appointments should be laid before the house , and so become accessible to parliament and to the public at all times . These were the only regulations which could be adopted to keep down this expenditure , and while the house was not guilty of any dereliction of duty , no public body could be better qualified for such a task.—Having said so much , he should , reserve , till another opportunity , the entering into minor details . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , while he agreed in many things with the hon . and learned mover , had suggested that it would not be necessary for his hon . friend to press the Resolutions he had read , during 429 the present session . He , however , was of opinion , that if the house approved of the Resolutions , it would be better that they should be put into the form of bills , and if so , that they should , if possible , pass during the present session . He was satisfied the house could not discharge its duty better than by