were to be borne by the public ? No ! it was that house , and the other house of parliament especially , that were to consider of the demand of compensation by money to any person who might be injured by any regulation beneficial to the community . He was sure that no one would propose or support any thing that could go to destroy the means of individual subsistence , and to take from him that to which he had been legally accustomed to look for his support or his comforts ; but surely their lordships could not refuse to pass , even at this late period of the sessions , a bill to remove this flagrant and crying evil . He had drawn up a bill on the subject , which he meant to offer to their lordships . Suppose any person placed in a situation similar to those he had described , between the present time and that to which the existence of the commissioners was to be protracted , would he not have reason to condemn their lordships for the hardship and injustice he suffered , through their lordships supineness , after the acknowledgement contained in the report they had received ? His lordship concluded , after many observations on the administration of justice , and the abuses that had , by length of time , crept into it , by pressing the importance of the present subject . denied that he had any intention of taking the house by surprize in his bill to extend the duration of the commissioners , and appealed to a noble and learned lord ( lord Erskine ) who had just come in , for his opinion on that subject with respect to his motives . He felt that there were many difficulties in the present question . As to delay , there was some time required in Scotland to arrange the courts in consequence of the last bill , enacting a new division of them ; besides , there was a circuit in Scotland as well as here . He had selected the commissioners from the judges both here and there , from advocates , special pleaders , writers of the signet , and others , the best qualified to give advice and information . He maintained there was no particular delay , and asserted his original opinion that the first bill ( lord Grenville 's ) was not founded or recommended upon sufficient information respecting the laws and practice of the courts of Scotland . spoke in defence of the 894 original bill of lord Grenville . He admitted that he had not attended the commission , and he said that he did not see what great good he could do in that commission . He considered the forms of trial in Scotland as not easily to be adapted to jury trial , and he thought that in such a case , we should sacrifice these forms , notwithstanding their antiquity , to the great advantages to be derived from trial by jury , which he thought to be the only way in which his native country could experience the best blessings of justice . He adverted to the numerous appeals from Scotland , on which it was almost impossible to do justice in that house . Indeed , it was almost a standing disgrace to the laws and to the house . He cast no personal reflections . The marvel was , how the business was got through . When he had the honour for a short time to preside in the court of chancery , and in that house , he had stated that to be his opinion . But he did not think the opinion of the Scots judges , on whom he passed a high eulogium and tribute of praise , to be the best ground-work on which their lordships could form their judgments . The jury were a popular controul on the judge ; and the introduction of it might not be palatable . If a man went into the new forest , and called the animals there together , and asked