But a minister might wish for reform , and yet be utterly unable to effect it . From the length to which these corrupt practices had proceeded , it was apparent that the great object of reform could only be attained by a firm but temperate action of the people out of doors upon the house . If some of the friends of reform had injured the cause , the friends of corruption had certainly injured their cause . The priests had torn aside the veil of the temple , and exposed their idol . That idol , he hoped , would fall before the united voice of the nation , as Dagon , the idol of Palestine , had fallen before the Ark , and put to shame his worshippers.—The hon . bart . concluded by stating , that the measure under consideration should not have his concurrence or support , as it would not effectuate any good or beneticial purpose . was astonished that a gentleman should depreciate the liberty of his country , at a time when he was making one of the freeest speeches that had ever past the lips of man . With respect to being a real representative of the people , he certainly had as much right to call himself so as the hon . baronet ; for he had never bribed the county of Middlesex , and thrown away 70,000l . upon an election ; nor had he ever produced 3 or 400 voters , who were afterwards found not to be voters , and many of whom had since been sent to Botany Bay . As to the people who made fine speeches , and clapped their hands upon their hearts—they might as well have clapped them any where else ( A laugh ) . After they had gained their object , they might , perhaps , exclaim like Jack Wilkes , `` What fools these fellows are to be so deluded ! '' With respect to the bill , he did not think it could be effectual ; for there were many things besides money which a man might give to procure votes , such as a puncheon of rum to one , a horse to another , and a pipe of wine to a third . He had no objection to allow the bill to go to a committee ; although he did not like the administration of oaths proposed in it , by which the duke of Norfolk , or the duke of any body else , might be sent to Botany Bay for giving a pint of Wine , and then inadvertently swearing that he had not been guilty of bribery . Instead of such a penalty , he would pro- 734 pose to the committee to substitute a heavy fine , and exclusion from the existing parliament . He concluded with observing , that no man deserved to be a representative of the people , who would not defray the travelling expences of those who came to support him . could not consent that the admirable constitution of this country should be founded on open and avowed corruption , and was unable to understand the distinction between corruption in the gross and in detail . Why should a man be punished for selling a single vote , when he who sold the whole escaped ? He should not say , that he observed no utility to result from the present system . It was often pleasing to the great Author of all , to produce good from evil ; but though we saw that the effect of the evil had been mitigated , it could furnish no argument , upon the ground of political expediency , to justify and to defend it . He must also disapprove of the conduct of the hon . baronet , upon whom he called to acknowledge , whether it was fair in him , while he contended for the doing away of abuses upon the one hand , to enter into an abuse of the constitution upon the other ? If such things were acknowledged to exist , as had