in case of resistance to search for them by force . It was well known that our government had immediately disavowed this act , and offered to make reparation for it . Their conduct in this respect has met with little animadversion . The attack had been considered as an unwarrantable aggression : but it could only be considered in that light from a total inattention to the circumstances which led to it—circumstances of which the public do not seem to have been fully informed . The question has been stated as if it rested entirely upon the right of searching neutral ships , and it has been laid down as incontestible , that this right does not extend to national vessels commissioned by a neutral state . Admitting this , however , on what does the distinction rest between national and private ships ? It can not be contended that to seduce away deserters , though a violation of our national rights when done by a private individual , is no offence from persons in the immediate employment of a government . But in this case the government being answerable for the conduct of its servants , is presumed to be willing , on proper application , to redress the wrong and punish the offender . It is because there is no such means of redress in the case of private offenders , that it must be taken by summary means . But if a government refuses to redress notorious wrong committed by their servants against the rights of another country , they are guilty of an act of hostility ; they have given justifiable cause of war ; the grounds of the distinction in favour of the national commission are done away ; and redress must be sought by the same summary means as in the case of individuals . The American government put itself decidedly into this predicament . The officers employed in fitting out the Chesapeake frigate received and protected men notoriously deserters from the British navy . Numerous applications from their officers were refused or evaded ; and the American government , when applied to by our consul and envoy , would give no redress.—Lord Selkirk entered into a detail of facts in proof of these assertions . Rat-ford , one of the deserters seized on board the Chesapeake , was afterwards seized at Halifax , when it was clearly proved that he and several others had deserted , under circumstances aggravated by mutiny , and had been received the very next day at Norfolk in Virginia as recruits for the Ameri- 346 can service . At the suggestion of the American officer , they entered themselves by false names ; and this officer , when applied to by the captain and the British consul , pretended to know of no such men , though they had been seen parading openly under the American flag , in sight of the British officers , who offered to point them out . Every application was evaded with shameful prevarication ; nor were these confined to officers of inferior rank . Two others of the deserters taken out of the Chesapeake , made voluntary confession at Halifax , in which they declared that commodore Barron had promised lo protect them , `` though they were deserters from an English man of war , '' and yet the answer of commodore Barron to captain Humphries of the Leopard , when he demanded the deserters , was , that he knew of none such being on board . Ratford was proved and acknowledged himself to be born in London ; yet the president of the United States , in the proclamation issued after the attack on the Chesapeake , asserts , that `` it had been ascertained that the men demanded were native born Americans . '' It was repeatedly professed that orders had been given to enlist no British deserters ; and yet after the trial of Ratford had clearly proved that this order had not been obeyed , no inquiry was ever instituted into the conduct of their officers . This alone was sufficient to make the American