grounds and foundations on which he professed to rear that ill-compacted fabric ? Or did Mr. Pitt mean only to deceive the Irish nation ? Which opinion will his imitators and successors attribute to him ? or which line do they intend to adopt ? If Mr. Pitt spoke with sincerity , then the most omnipotent minister of England would not venture to support an Union , unless these measures were subsequently to be adopted : the first of which was the relief of the lower orders from the pressure of tithes . Mr. Pitt himself would not even venture to propose it ! —that is to say in other words , that the most confident minister of England thought the attempt would be dangerous to the connection of the two countries , instead of useless , unless it was cemented by those measures of which he artfully held out the prospect.—But , sir , what power , what ability , what strength have the present discordant members of the cabinet , so superior to Mr. Pitt , that they indeed can engage to satisfy the people of Ireland , and to retain that country for Britain , upon grounds he did not venture to adopt ? pocketing the independence of Ireland , and withholding the price ; as soon as their draft was honoured , denying the debt.—But then we are to- 640 night informed that his majesty 's Chancellor of the Exchequer has year after year been contemplating upon some measure for a modification of tithes ; but that year after year the Chancellor of the Exchequer has been so bewildered in his contemplations , that he has been forced to abandon them altogether ; and after all his contemplations he has not been able to bring forth one single simple proposition on the subject , nor produce one atom of information . Now , sir , is this the way in which an injured and dissatisfied country is to be amused ? is it the respectful mode of treating the claims , the interests , the expectations of a populous nation ? a nation whose destiny hangs over your political horizon now , like a dark and silent cloud . Is it the way to fulfil the promise held out at the Union ? or is this a period to hesitate at any attempt of acknowledged amelioration ? to delay inevitable reform ? to stand like a puny child on the margin of the sea , fearful to wet its feet , though conscious that it soon must plunge in ? Is it a time to neglect the interests of a proud , injured and brave people , when every passing moment is fraught with change ? when the scenes of the European drama are shifting with such great rapidity , that the actors themselves are unprepared for their exits and their entries ? —I stand , sir , in the same predicament as several other Irish representatives , that of having been instructed by my constituents to support in parliament , not any particular or specific mode of relief , but to support any modification whatever which may be proposed with regard to tithes ; and , for that reason , I shall vote for the present measure , though I think it totally inadequate to accomplish any general or perfect work of relief . But so little do the people of Ireland concur with the Chancellor of the Exchequer in finding that infinity of difficulties in the subject , that they say , and with truth , that any system whatever would be preferable to the present . And the reason of this difference of opinion is obvious ; he speaks from unwillingness to grant the relief , but they from the sensible pressure of the evil . Let the right hon . gent . propose any modification whatever that may have occurred to his contemplations , and it will be received with gratitude by the people . And this is the mode in which they reason on the difficulty ; that is , in spite of legal sophistry , or the arguments of the