and consequently no sense of pain or sorrow in the road to it , the ways of God are justified to man . The Bill , therefore , as it regards wild animals , could not easily have been framed for practicable operation , except by sanctioning , as it does , the principle of the preamble , which will , I trust , insensibly extend its influence to the protection of every thing that has life ; by bringing habitually into the view of the mind the duties of imperfect obligation which it inculcates ; and with regard to animals bred by man , or reclaimed for food , it will directly protect them against the cruelties which are generally committed on them , viz . the unmercifully driving them and beating them on their passage to fairs and markets , and against unnecessary sufferings in the hour of death . Before I leave this part of the subject , I think it right to advert to the practice of Bull-Baiting . I did not intend to have touched on it , but as I find that some who support the principle of this bill , feel a difficulty as it regards this practice , it becomes necessary to consider how it will be affected by its operation . A bill was brought into the house of commons , whilst I had the honour of a seat there , to repress this practice , but not upon the true principle . The framers of it were , I am persuaded , actuated by motives of humanity ; but they mixed with it very laudable objects of human policy , which rather obscured the principle of protection to the animals . One great object of the bill , 560 and it was laudable on that account , was , to put an end to sports which led away the servants and labourers of manufacture and husbandry from the service of their masters.—The attack upon bull-baiting coming in this questionable shape , was defended as politic by talents capable of defending any thing ; but talents ( I am ready to admit ) possessed by a person of as humane and feeling a mind as ever distinguished any man—a man , besides , of a most beautiful genius , and whom I have always esteemed and honoured ( Mr. Windham ) . The truth is , my lords , that the matter was never fairly presented to his heart , and his intellect had got a wrong bias upon the subject . I shall not , however , come in contact with my excellent friend in his different view of this subject . This Bill says not a word about bull-baiting . I only include a bull in my catalogue of protected animals . They , therefore , who support the practice , may still support it successfully , if they can convince a court and jury , and the other magistracies of their countrymen , that it does not fall within the description of wilful and wanton cruelty ; and if that shall be the general feeling of courts and magistrates on the subject , the practice will cease to be supported . As to the tendency of barbarous sports of any kind or description whatsoever , to nourish the national characteristic of manliness and courage , the only shadow of argument I ever heard upon such occasions , all I can say is this : that from the mercenary battles of the lowest of beasts ( viz . human boxers ) , up to those of the highest and noblest that are tormented by man for his degrading pastime , I enter this public protest against it . I never knew a man remarkable for heroic bravery , whose very aspect was not lighted up by gentleness and humanity ; nor a kill him nor eat-him countenance that did not cover the heart of a bully or a poltroon.—As to other reclaimed animals which are not devoted to our use as food , but which are most wonderfully organized to assist man in the cultivation of the earth ,