shrine of power ? Are they the men who adopt the measures and opinions of government by wholesale ? Consider the case [ of Mr. Dick ] so lately brought under our review : here we find a gentleman connected with government by long habits , and bound by the ties of relation to the chief minister of Ireland , his guardian and his friend , retiring from the honourable situation which he possessed , rather than give a vote contrary to his feelings . Or , if the test of virtue be the conduct pursued by members of parliament in respect of the Duke of York , it will be found that there is among the famed 125 a larger proportion of gentlemen , such as the present bill would exclude from parliament , than of persons connected with the landed interest ; and an infinitely greater proportion , than of persons who are supposed to be connected with the aristocratic branch of our constitution . I call upon gentlemen on both sides of the house , who have filled official situations , to declare whether it is amongst this class of persons that the most importunate suitors at the treasury are to be found . For themselves , they are precluded by their situations from seeking any thing ; for their families , it general , they have little to desire ; for their constituents , no provision can be necessary from the nature of the circumstances . Some may require facilities for their commerce ; others may occasionally possess an ambition to be raised to the honour of the baronetage ; but , upon the whole , I am confident that they are the persons , who least frequently are found to 664 solicit favours , and who , in the votes they give , discharge their duty most conscientiously . Now what ground can there be , either from experience or from speculative earning , to suppose that , if the law proposed could be rendered effective , and persons possessing parliamentary patronage were precluded from disposing of it in the way asserted , and compelled to fill their seats with candidates who made them no return , such men would better discharge their parliamentary duties ? Were persons possessing parliamentary influence so to dispose of it , are we to expect that they would seek no reward , or have no personal objects to gratify ? Is this consistent with human nature , or with experience ? They would equally seek some selfish gratification ; but , instead of obtaining it in the manner they now do , hey most obtain it from government . On this point we are not without experience , and I wish the house calmly to weigh the practical results . Let us suppose a gentleman , possessed of considerable parliamentary influence , acquired , as some will say , by the basest arts of management , but , as may probably be the case , by exercising kindness and protection to all around him , —suppose him to seek return , for the pains and labour he has exercised in the acquirement of so great an influence , by introducing to parliament persons connected with the monied interest , —suppose even that he adopts only such as are recommended by the treasury ; at least the tie by which they are bound is loose in its nature , and will be found to serve only on ordinary occasions . While the machine of state proceeds in its ordinary course they may be found to lend a willing aid ; but whenever doubts occur , whenever points arise , on which men of honourable minds may fairly differ , they will be found divided in opinion , each asserting his own conception of the case . Suppose the same power and influence exerted gratuitously to return to parliament friends of the minister ; even if that minister were as great , and as powerful , and as virtuous as Mr. Pitt , could he withhold from one to whom he owed so great an obligation successive degrees of advancement in