, or any set of men , except as far as he agreed with those who were anxious for the extirpation of corruption and abuses of every kind , and the restoration , in their original purity , of all the good and sound old principles of the constitution . This was what he looked for , and what , if the house and the country were true to themselves , he did not vet despair of attaining . It was a favourite opinion with some of the right hon . gentlemen that no times were less corrupt than the present , that this was , as it were , the age of purity . If such an opinion was well founded , it would be rather inconsistent with such an opinion , and not very conformable to the spirit of such times , to resort to any party expedient , in order to resist or to evade any direct charge of corruption against any individual whatever . Gentlemen , therefore , who thought so purely of present times , and public men , would no doubt , with a suitable jealousy , insist upon every charge of corruption being directly met , minutely examined into , and impartially decided upon . Upon a former night he had been accused of having been guilty of a violation of the usual courtesy of that house , in not having given the customary notice to the hon . gentlemen particularly interested in the charges he had to bring forward . To this he could only reply by reminding the house that two or three years ago , when a member of that house ( Mr. Asheton Smith ) presented the Hampshire Petition , it was objected by the gentleman charged with undue interference in the Southampton election , ( Mr. Freemantle , ) and complained of by his friends , that no notice whatever had been given that gent . of the charge to be preferred against him—but it was at the same time contended by those now composing his majesty 's government , that the Petition should be received , and that the allegations contained in it should be brought under the special consideration of the house . In that opinion the house concurred ; thinking then , as he hoped they would now , that where the charge was of so serious nature , involving the paramount question of their own privileges , it would not become their dignity or their justice to suffer themselves to be led away from so great an object by any light objection to mere introductory informalities . He did not wish to take any hon . gent . by surprise , nor was the charge he 489 had to bring forward calculated to do so . It was a charge that the moment it was heard might be rebutted by an innocent man , unless it would be contended that there were degrees of corruption now so sanctioned by prescription , that that house must necessarily connive at them . He was of an opposite opinion—an opinion founded upon the history of better times . In the whole course of the history of England he no where found that Sinecure Places and Offices , and Rotten Boroughs , were to be considered and venerated as comprising the palladium of England . He read no where that the constitution was only to be preserved by the preservation of its abuses . He rather believed that it would be best secured by rooting out such abuses ; and that the spirit in which a memorable attack upon corruption had originated with an hon . friend below him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , and in which another had been conducted so lately by his hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle , ) was the best stay to which the constitution could look for safety and support . Serious as the charges were which had been brought in both the instances he alluded to , they were comparatively trifling , when considered in relation to that most flagitious of all abuses , by which the influence of the