, and considering also the fidelity which that government had always manifested towards us , yet , such was his view of the present state of that power and of the prospects of England , that he could not suffer his sense of duty to be restrained by his feelings . If he thought that any pecuniary aid , in the power of this country to afford , could do any material good to Austria in her present situation , he would be the last man in the world to refuse it . But being persuaded of the contrary , and justly apprehending that as soon as the enemy had sheathed the sword now drawn against Austria he would turn his whole power against this country , which would have to contend against him single handed , requiring of course all its resources to maintain such a contest , he could not consent to any unnecessary waste of those resources . Therefore he would deprecate the idea of disposing of any part of our means , unless with a certainty , or , at least , reasonable probability that they could be so disposed of as to bent fit the power to whom they were granted . wished to observe , lest his silence should be construed into any acquiescence in the right hon . gentlemen 's statement that ministers would not bind themselves as to the line of conduct which they might feel it expedient to adopt with respect to any pecuniary supplies to foreign powers . would have been much better pleased if the 600,000l . stated to have been granted as a loan to the prince of the Brazils had been at once presented as a gift , in order that the people might clearly understand the transaction ; for considering the situation , the means , and the prospects of this prince , he thought it quite childish to hold out the idea that any re-payment would ever take place ; that one shilling of it would ever be received by this country . It was , to be sure , stated , that the loan was to be repaid by the produce of the Brazils . What produce ? He would ask , was it meant to pay it in sugar ? The idea was preposterous . He did not like any attempt at delusion , and therefore he would rather have the thing represented as he had mentioned . He did not like to have things called loans which were never at all likely to be repaid . It would 544 be remembered that at the time of the Imperial Loan a good deal was said about securities for payment , to which he attended very little at the time , because he had no reliance upon them , and time justified his opinion , although it was then seriously stated , that the lenders could enforce payment by suing the emperor in his own courts ( A laugh ) . Others , however , entertained a different opinion , and the consequence was , they were extremely mortified and disappointed , while he had only to lament the folly and credulity of putting any confidence in so ridiculous and unsubstantial a privilege . But with respect to the Brazils , what produce could we receive from thence that would at all compensate us ? He was still less disposed to rely upon the payment of this loan to the Brazils , as the nature of the securities was not even mentioned , than he had been with respect to the loans to Austria . But , in fact , he could not conceive any security in the power of the borrower in this instance to offer . As to Sweden , he concurred with his right hon . friend , that ministers , who had such opportunities of being well informed with respect to the state and prospects of Sweden , particularly upon the return of sir John Moore 's expedition from that country , ought not to have continued the subsidy . He also concurred with his right hon . friend upon