337 that to guard against such obstruction in the progress of business as the hon . bart . alluded to , it might perhaps be proper to have a person appointed to assist members in putting their bills into a regular shape and form ; but before such an appointment should be made , it would , of course , be proper to institute an inquiry into the subject by a committee of the house . stated , that it was the invariable custom for every member to prepare and bring forward his own bill ; still if any clerk belonging to the house should refuse to give a member any assistance in his power , when asked to do so , such conduct would be without excuse . Whether any officer should be specially appointed to aid members in drawing up their bills , it would be for the house itself to consider . He only stated the practice , and he would only add , that every member must know from his own experience , here , and elsewhere , that it was not a thing of utter impracticability for any member to write a few sheets of paper.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill for contriving the means of draining and reclaiming the Bogs of Ireland . That this measure was desirable no man acquainted with Ireland could hesitate to admit , and that it was practicable must be obvious from a consideration of the state of the Bog of Allen , which was the largest Bog in that country . It was ascertained through the locks erected upon the canals , that the solid earth was not less than 180 feet above the level of the sea . Of course no doubt could exist as to the practicability of draining it . The object of his bill was to appoint commissioners who should undertake without salaries to examine the other Bogs of Ireland , and to suggest the means by which they might be drained , and the interests of all proprietors conciliated . The expence of such Commissioners was not to exceed an allowance to surveyors , or the persons immediately employed in exploring the Bogs . As to the benefits likely to result from this undertaking , the right hon . gentleman thought it unnecessary to say more , than that half the ground of those reclaimed Bogs , converted to purposes of agriculture , would produce in a year more corn than had ever been imported into Great Britain in any one year , while the other half would grow more hemp and flax , for which the ground would be peculiarly calculated , 338 than would serve for the consumption of Great Britain and Ireland . With such advantages in view , he trusted that no objection could arise to this motion . After a few words from general Tarleton , the right hon . gent . 's motion was agreed to . could not suffer this bill finally to pass through the house without giving it his reprehension . He could not consent to keep up a much larger standing army than the necessity of the times required , and he therefore saw no necessity for adding to it now , when there was no immediate danger of invasion . As for sending armies to the continent to contend against the armies of France , he thought that this country was in no situation to cope by land with France , and therefore that we should not attempt it . The annual expence of our military force was now prodigious , amounting to nearly 25 millions , while we had in arms near 700,000 men . He saw no reason for such a vast expenditure of money , or for tearing so many men from their ordinary avocations . thought that those general declarations against standing armies were very dangerous at the present times . Experience had abundantly proved that it was only by regular armies well supplied , that regular armies were to be effectually resisted . If