said , he thought such a grant should not pass without some observations of approval . He thought every case should stand upon its own footing and foundation . Although he had no personal acquaintance with Dr. Cartwright , he believed , from what he had heard of him , that , as far as ingenuity and integrity went , there was no individual more entitled to the bounty of the kingdom . He had witnessed , for many years , his perseverance for the good of the public , and lamented the undeserved return he had met with from that popular prejudice which had prevented him deriving any benefit from his invention . He was , therefore , glad to find that public favour was now about to be so rightly and justly bestowed in counteracting the effects of ignorance and prejudice . The vote proposed had his perfect concurrence . This vote was then put and agreed to . rose and said : —Sir , the house having decided that the clauses , which relate to the allotting of petty officers and seamen 's pay , should stand as part of this bill , it is lay duty to bow to their decision ; but it is not less my duty to endeavour by every means in my power , to render this allotment as little prejudicial to the service , and as little unjust and onerous to the petty officer and seaman as possible . It is with that hope that I present a clause , by way of rider to this bill.—Sir , as the bill now stands , no person allotting his pay under it , can , if he should marry , make any allowance or provision whatever for his wife . This is cruel and unjust , and will tend to encourage desertion ; as a man must either desert or be discharged , sick , to the hospital to get rid of his present allotment . The clause I have to offer is to enable him to revoke his allotment , when he should see occasion ; this will render the evil less , but it doth not do away the objection of increasing the labour and responsibility of the captain or commander of his majesty 's ships . This bill , unlike most others which relate to the navy , imposes severe fines and penalties independant of the articles of war or naval instructions , it augments the already too much loaded accounts of the 924 captain , it increases his risk and responsibility , and in my humble opinion it encourages and strengthens every claim , which that class of officers may offer for increased pay or other remunerations , The Bill was then passed . proposed a clause , providing that nothing in the bill should extend to any legal and bona fide sale of lands , tenements , or hereditaments . The clause being brought up , and read a first time , objected to it , and contended , that to any stranger it would appear to have no connection with the object of the bill ; and that such a person would be apt to imagine either that he had mistaken the title of the bill , or that it had crept accidentally into the bill ; the object , however , of the clause , though apparently irrelevant , was sufficiently obvious . He concluded by moving as an amendment , which he would beg leave to propose in the form of a separate clause , That where as by the 40th of the king , in the Irish parliament , commissioners had been appointed for the purpose of recompensing the claims of the proprietors of places , ceasing to . return persons to serve in parliament ; and that it was probable that similar claims may be hereafter made to the imperial parliament in case of the abolition of boroughs ; be it therefore enacted , That no such claims shall be admitted , unless the person or persons claiming shall swear they have not , directly or indirectly , been guilty of bribery