of the hands of sir John Moore the command of his army . But who was this bearer , to whose representations such respectful attention was to be paid ? Why is his name withheld ? Was he any great officer of experience ? Was it Dumourier , or that great rival of Buonaparté , Moreau ? No such thing ; —but M. Charmilly , one of the most infamous characters existing . I am fully aware who he is ; and I would appeal to my noble friend en the cross-bench ( viscount Sidmouth ) , whether he was not , when in office , cautioned against this man ? He is , in fact , one of those who commenced the sanguinary revolution at St. Domingo , where he was actually concerned in assassination . From St. Domingo he went to France , as one of the delegates from that island ; and from France he came to take refuge here , where he attempted to impose upon the government , by assuming an authority and official character which he did not possess from the government of St. Domingo . Such was the man whom ministers thought fit to entrust . How , I would ask , could they be ignorant of his character ? He who , for several years , has notoriously practised usury in this town , who can be traced through all the courts of law in actions for such practices ; and whose name the noble lord on the woolsack may find among the list of fraudulent bankrupts . This then , my lords , is the sort of man whom Mr. Frere thought proper to select for the purpose of influencing ; the decision , if not of superseding the authority , of sir John Moore . In denouncing this man , whose name I have learned from private letters transmitted by sir John Moore to his relations , and in marking him as one of those emigrants , who took refuge in this country in consequence of the French revolution , I beg I may not be understood as casting any general reflection on that description of persons . God forbid that I should use any expression calculated in the slightest degree , to disturb the feelings of those high-minded persons , those generous spirits , who , from a chivalrous devotion to their sovereign and his family , fied from the French revolution . The conduct 148 of such men not only entitles them to compassion but to admiration . But I mean not to confound such a person as I allude to with those whom I have just described . This person , who was the bearer of this extraordinary letter from Mr. Frere , it appears , left Madrid on the 2d , and of course could not be unaware of the state of that city at the time . In addition to the letter from Mr. Frere , he also brought a letter from Morla , who , on the very day he wrote the letter exhorting sir John Moore to advance towards Madrid , was actually negociating with Buonaparté for the surrender of that city . Thus , had sir John Moore been influenced by Mr. Frere 's confidential messenger , whom there was great reason to consider as a traitor and a spy for the enemy , or by the exhortation of Morla , whose treachery to the Spanish cause had since become glaring , the probability was , that our whole army would have been destroyed or taken prisoners ; certainly , if sir John Moore had advanced towards Madrid , such must have been the consequence , and it was not alone the loss of that ever-to-be-lamented officer , that the country would have had to deplore , but the destruction of his whole army . How are ministers to account for arrangements which exposed this gallant officer and his force to so much imminent danger ? That danger was indeed so felt by sir John Moore himself , that it was impossible to read , without emotion , the letters he wrote