Till the reign of William III , the currencies were the same in both countries , and it was only on the issuing of the new silver coinage by this king that , for the first time , the English shilling was made current for 13d . The guinea of England was current in Ireland for 23s . till 1736 , when it was reduced to 22s . 9d. , so as to correspond in value with the shilling at 13d . The present coin of Ireland is composed of guineas , which circulate in considerable quantities in the north , of silver bank tokens , Spanish dollars , and of copper coin issued in 1805 . The value of the shilling at 13d . forms the whole difference between the coin of Ireland and England ; and that being the case , it is plain that the way to get rid of it , is to make the English shilling current for 12d . The Report of the Committee , to which I have so often alluded , points out this way of proceeding , it states , that `` The equalization of the currency may be accomplished by making the copper penny , halfpenny and farthing of England equally current in Ireland as the silver shilling and golden guinea ; and the Committee recommend that they should be so made current in preference to the forming of a new copper coinage of a separate device or description for Ireland . '' The Privy Council , however , did not think proper to adopt this recommendation of the Committee , but , on the contrary , advised his majesty to issue a copper coinage for Ireland in 1805 , having a separate device and description . I am ready to acknowledge that this step has thrown an obstacle in the 85 way of the assimilation ; but it is one by no means of such a nature as to be insurmountable . It has been suggested to me that this object might be attained by issuing a proclamation declaring that the shilling should be current for 12d . of this coin ; but as this measure would be justly liable to the imputation of being an unfair one , I shall not propose it . But I shall adopt the plan recommended by the Committee , of making the English penny , halfpenny , and farthing current in Ireland . In order to carry this measure into effect , it would be necessary to call in the copper coin now circulating in Ireland , and to issue a new coinage of the same standard and value as the English copper coin , and if this new coinage was prepared , so as to be ready to be issued to supply the place of the present one when called in , no inconvenience would be experienced by the people of Ireland . There would certainly be some loss to the revenue , on this transaction . As , however , this coin has been issued for more than its intrinsic value , the loss would be confined to the expence incurred in making it , and to the weight of copper lost by the wear of the coin . The expence of making it was 42l . per ton for the penny , and 49l . per ton for the halfpenny and farthing coins , and 5l . per ton for packing , carriage and freight . There were made 152 tons of pennies , and 448 tons of halfpence and farthings . The whole expense being 41,336l . But all this sum would not be lost to the public , if the new coinage could be made upon the same terms as the last , because this was issued at a clear profit of upwards of 20,000l . But , though a loss should be to be incurred equal to the difference between the expence of making the last coinage and the profit of issuing 600 tons of new coin , it will be of little consideration when compared with the advantages to be derived from the transaction .