hon . gent . ( Mr. Martin ) for his very fair and candid manner of making his statement , and also for allowing the house sufficient time to take the subject fully into their consideration . He was free to confess , that at the time of the meeting of parliament , he had not formed a clear idea , or at all made up his mind respecting many points touched upon by the hon . gent . in his statement . The house would , therefore , not be surprized , that since the meeting of parliament his time was so much occupied with the other important duties of his office that he had not been able to gain new lights on the subject . He should now state , that he had the pleasure of agreeing with the hon . member in many of his points . He agreed also perfectly with what had been said by another hon . member ( Mr. Thornton ) , that the greatest publicity should be given to every question connected with the expenditure of the country , and that the whole of the public accounts ought to be produced in such a form as to be intelligible to every ordinary comprehension . This was the plan which Mr. Pitt always pursued . He contrived to disentangle financial operations from any difficulty , or obscurity , and placed them in that clear and perspicuous light that every common understanding was capable of comprehending them . The observations which the hon . member had made respecting the Superannuation Fund appeared to him perfectly proper , and he entirely coincided with him in the opinion that every branch of the public expenditure ought to be submitted as expeditiously as possible to the consideration and judgment of that house . He agreed with him perfectly about the propriety of keeping the two heads of Navy Pensions and Superannuated Fund distinct . He also agreed with him that the most effectual mode ought to be adopted for carrying the proceeds of old stores to the credit of the public . He coincided with the hon . member in most of the provisions he had suggested , though he was of opinion that there would be much inconvenience , if not an utter impossibility , for parliament to make individual grants to all 427 those various descriptions of persons necessary to be taken into consideration . The sums might be voted under certain heads , and the individual provided for by the minister on his responsibility to parliament . As for general charges respecting want of economy in the public expenditure , he would say , that he was sure that not only his majesty 's present ministers , but any other set of gentlemen who might in future be ministers , would be much better economists of the public purse under the check and super-intendance of parliament , than parliament itself would be . As to the office to which he had a reversion , he would most disinterestedly state , that he thought it among the number of those offices which might admit of regulation , according to that principle of parliament which allowed the regulation of the fees and emoluments of an office , when those emoluments far exceeded what was originally intended . He admitted that many offices in the Courts of Justice required regulation , and he was indeed disposed to go a considerable way in support of the ideas of the hon . gentleman . The only thing that he wished to throw out to his consideration was , whether it would be necessary to bring forward this plan in the course of the session , or whether it would not be as well to leave it for the consideration of ministers during the recess , and wait to see how much of it could be carried into effect by ministerial regulations without the necessity of parliamentary enactments . coincided in every respect with the Resolutions proposed by his hon . friend , and gave his fullest concurrence to all the sentiments he had expressed in their support . He