receive the full value of his rent , because he will be able to obtain for this note of 100l . as many , guineas , shillings , or pence , as he could get with 108l . 6s . 8d . of paper of Irish currency ; or rather , sir , to speak with greater accuracy , he would be able to purchase with this note for 100l . as many commodities as he could purchase with the 108l . 6s . 8d . of Irish currency . It being an established maxim in the science of political economy , that the real value of a commodity does not depend upon the value of the money with which it is purchased , but upon the proportion which the supply bears to the demand of such commodity . If , sir , I was not perfectly convinced of the truth of this maxim , I never would have proposed any alteration in the currency of Ireland . For if landlords should be injured by it , I have many reasons to be adverse to it ; and I should hope that I shall have credit given to me when I say , that the last thing that I would ever undertake would be a measure by which the tenantry of Ireland should be clandestinely injured.—I have now , Sir , only to make a very few observations as to the time of carrying this plan into effect . I conceive , sir , that no time can be so fit as the present , because it so 89 happens that exchange is nearly at par . When the Committee made their Report , exchange was so much against Ireland , that it formed a very inconsiderable obstacle to the measure which they recommended . As it may again become unfavourable in the same degree in which it was before to one country or the other , in consequence of the power which the bank possesses of issuing whatever quantity of paper it pleases , it is particularly desirable that this opportunity should not be lost . This in fact has been the very first opportunity that had occurred since the committee made its report ; and it is for this reason that I have thought it advisable to bring the subject before the house.—The conclusion then , Sir , which I desire that the house may draw from what I have said , is , that this measure of assimilating the currencies would be productive of the removal of feelings of distinction between the people of England and Ireland that ought not to exist ; that it will relieve the commercial intercourse of these countries from a great and injurious restraint ; and that it will do away the existence of an exchange between them ; that the plan for carrying it into effect is one of great simplicity , and perfectly practicable without injury to any one , and that the present is the most fit period that could occur for accomplishing it ; and though I can not expect that a proposal of a great alteration in a manner so extremely abstruse and complicated , can at once meet with very general approbation , I do feel confident that the more it is examined , the greater will be the numbers of those who will give their support to it.—I shall move , Sir , that yon do now leave the chair . said , that though he agreed with the hon . gent , as to the eligibility of doing away the exchange between the two countries , yet he could not subscribe to the measure which he proposed , as he did not consider it calculated to produce the end ; even if it were , he did not know by what legislative measure they could enforce the adoption of it . Remittances , however made , must be made in money , and both banks were tied up from issuing a guinea beyond a certain sum . He thought it impossible to put down the exchange altogether ; perhaps the most they could expect