he is entitled to , the esteem of every honest man . This is not an inchoate or unfinished act . Sir , it is to this case that , for the present , I propose to call the particular attention of the house , and to conclude with a motion for hearing evidence at the Bar , in support of the statement , the facts of which I am fully ? prepared to prove . I have so far departed from the proceeding of the other night , though I can not , on a revision of the precedent , find that I am not fully justified in such a course . I affirm then , that Mr. Dick purchased a Seat in this house for the borough of Cashel , through the agency of the honourable Henry Wellesley , who acted for and on behalf of the Treasury ; that upon a recent question of the last importance , when Mr. Dick had determined to vote according to his conscience , the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) did intimate to that gentleman , the necessity of either his voting with the government , or resigning his Seat in that house ; and that Mr. Dick , sooner than vote against principle , did make choice of the latter alternative , and did vacate his Seat accordingly ; to this trans- 493 action I charge the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) , as being privy and having connived at it ; this I will engage to prove by Witnesses at your Bar , if the house will give me leave to call them ; if the house , will permit me to do so , I am satisfied that they could not take a more direct method to remedy the abuses in the representative system of such places as Hastings , Rye , Cambridge , Queenborough , and many other places that could be mentioned , where large annual sums were paid out of the taxes , in the maintenance of sinecure offices and places to uphold the influence of the Treasury in such boroughs.—I shall now , Sir , detain you no longer than by again asserting the purity of my motives . They originate in my aversion to such practices , which , ( to use the concluding language of the ever-memorable Hampshire Petition ) , with all due deference to the superior wisdom of the house , I venture to describe as `` calculated to bring into discredit the government of the country , and to shake the confidence of the people in the honour and independence of the House of Commons . `` —I have , therefore , like the Petitioners , felt it my bounden duty , not only to my constituents , and to my fellow-subjects , but especially to the house , to bring under their notice these outrages , as I deem them , against the liberties of the country , and I have been encouraged the more to do so by the Resolution which stands recorded in the Journals , which has been this day read at your table , and also by the language contained in the first paragraph of the Resolution which was recorded on your Journals but sixteen days ago . Here the hon . gent . sat down , and immediately the Chancellor of the Exchequer rose , when lord Folkestone called the right hon . gent . to order , and contended that he need not withdraw , and ought not to be heard , according to the precedent of Shepherd , until the motion of his hon . friend was before the house . Here a short discussion , as to the point of order , arose between lord Folkestone , sir John Anstruther , and Mr. Horner , when , upon the Speaker 's interposition , it was agreed that Mr. Perceval and lord Castlereagh should be severally heard in their defence , and be permitted to withdraw before the motion was put from the Chair . then rose , and said that he had waited for the decision