, which I attribute to the measure of prohibiting distilleries in Ireland.—That is the cause of the fall , and therefore we are to look to the removal of the prohibition as the only mode to do it away , and make good the 679 defalcation of the revenue , and I hope it will be removed early next harvest—The balances due by Collectors , have , by the documents upon the table , been decreased in the course of last year 150,000l . They were on the 5th of January 1808 , 355,000l . on the 5th January 1809 , they were only 205,000l . and therefore so far from the revenue not being properly attended to , as has been insinuated , it shews that it is pursued with a degree of strictness and energy surpassing any former period.—With regard to the situation of the country , therefore , I do not consider it in any degree worse than before . The value of the imports and exports is greater than ever it has been ; never have there been a greater quantity of yards of linen exported than during last year , with the exception of one year , a considerable while ago , when it was equalled . It is satisfactory to know , that while the trade of Ireland is thus increasing , the amount of the revenue has risen much more . Look to the state of our exchange ; it has been such as every one must know that money was coming in instead of going out ; having been almost for the whole of last year under par . Therefore , taking that circumstance , and applying it to the situation of the country in other particulars , we have reason to believe that Ireland is more affluent than ever she was heretofore . The increase of the debt has been only owing to the circumstances of the empire , for the last two years ; and therefore it was thought more prudent to go on raising our quota by a debt , than to have raised it by additional taxes . The whole amount of the debt of Ireland is certainly stupendous , it being already no less than 76 millions of money ; and at the end of the present session it will amount to 81 millions—a sum which in former days many thought that Ireland could not have existed under ; and yet there is no reason to think it will injure her in her resources in any degree.—I think it but fair it should be known , that great attention has been paid to ameliorate the situation of Ireland , to extend its trade , and to improve its agriculture . By the bounty allowed , there have been 13,600 additional hogsheads of flax-seed brought into Ireland ; the utmost endeavours have been used to render her independent as to flax-seed ; and lastly , every means have been adopted to add to the agriculture and tillage of Ireland , by draining and improving the bogs . Large grants have been issued for improving that source of 680 cultivation and growth.—Although it is usual , Sir , to say much more upon such occasions as the present , yet , I trust I have said enough to satisfy gentlemen as to the real situation of Ireland ; but if any hon . member wishes for further explanation , I shall be ready to go into it as far as I possibly can . Before concluding , however , I may venture to mention the terms upon which the Irish Loan has been contracted . It has been made in the 3½ per cent . stock of Ireland , there being given for every 100l. , 120l . capital of that stock . The bidding was on the Treasury bills , bearing interest at 5 per cent. , the bonus being at the rate of 9l . 2s . 6d . upon every hundred . Although the legal interest of Ireland is 6l. , yet this loan has been thus contracted at an interest not exceeding in all 4l