be sent to South America , and were absolutely necessary to be sent to Portugal . But , ministers having had such a force at their disposal , the first thing to be considered was the plan of operations on which it was to be employed ; they acted on the same system of thoughtlessness they had done before . With all these means in their hands , they embarked on a sea of difficulties without chart or compass . Instead of appointing one commander to direct the whole expedition , they send sir Arthur Wellesley under a roving commission , to act where and how he can . They send an order to general Spencer to co-operate with him ; sir Arthur Wellesley being instructed to depend on general Spencer , and , at the same time , they gave general Spencer a discretion by which he was enabled either to co-operate with sir Arthur Wellesley , or to go through the Straits of Gibraltar , if he should think he could thus advantageously employ the force under his command.—I contend , that when there was a general resistance on the part of the people of Spain to the power of France , the first thing his majesty 's ministers ought to have done should have been to have collected means adequate to the object , before they undertook to act at all.—I have said that the proper opportunity was afforded in Portugal : but I have also said that there should have been a preliminary plan . How did his majesty 's ministers act ? I think after the first accounts in May , an expedi- 133 tion was sent off for the purpose of taking advantage of the disturbances in Spain . Sir Arthur Wellesley left London after the 14th of June , with orders for Portugal , with a probability that something might occur to lead him to Spain . The noble lord opposite shakes his head again and says , No . I shall be glad to hear how sir Arthur Wellesley 's expedition was fitted out . I know it was sent out under the greatest disadvantages , deficient in horses and cavalry , and those equipments , which are most wanted for such a service as that on which he was employed.—I have stated that there was an advantage arising from the expeditions which his majesty 's ministers had planned not having been acted upon ; but there were also some disadvantages . General Moore 's force required time to recruit , and sir Arthur Wellesley 's being intended for a different service was deficient in what was most required . When it was that ministers first undertook to employ the army in Spain , I can not say , but it was subsequent to the 21st of June . Lord Castlereagh writes to sir A. Wellesley that the accounts from Cadiz were bad ; but it appears that he had an expedition in view , for on that day col. Brown is ordered to collect information with respect to the state of the country in Portugal . On the 30th of June they send their final instructions , and there are two separate Instructions of the same date . In the first , he is directed to proceed to the coast of Spain , to collect information with regard to any point on which it may be possible to act ; and by another letter , of the same date , a second positive instruction is sent desiring him to proceed off the Tagus . In the interval between the first and second letter , it appears , that intelligence came from sir Charles Cotton , representing the French force at 4,000 men : without waiting to hear from colonel Brown , but acting upon the intelligence of a naval officer certainly entitled to every attention , for his gallant services , though perhaps , not the fittest person to be relied on in this instance , his majesty 's ministers changed their object , and directed sir Arthur Wellesley to proceed immediately , without loss of time , to the Tagus