place . M. Charmilly , he understood , was in the half-pay of the British establishment as a lieutenant-colonel ; and rumours were afloat , that he had also , in addition to his half-pay , received a pension . The object of his question , therefore , was to ascertain the fact , whether or not that gentleman had such a provision . replied , that M. Charmilly was allowed to receive his full pay ; and that he was not aware of any other provision having been made for that gentleman . then gave notice of a 291 motion for tomorrow relative to this subject . moved that the Fourth Report of the Committee of Public expenditure should be entered as read . This being done , rose for the purpose of calling the attention of the house to the matters detailed in that Report . It must have struck every one that the circumstances of the case stated in that Report were such as to call for the most serious attention of 292 the house . It had been too much the practice , he observed , to pass over such Reports without doing any thing upon them , by which proceeding the useful labours of Committees of this kind were in danger of losing their credit with the public . Parliament had , for many years past , and was likely to have , for many years to come , the task of imposing enormous taxes upon the country ; and in imposing heavy burthens on the people , there was no duty of the house of commons more sacred , than that of watching over the expenditure of the public money . Not anticipating any serious objection to the Resolutions which he was about to propose , he would state the material circumstances of the transaction , with the observations of the Committee , and the comments which he should think it necessary to make upon them.—The hon . gent , then proceeded to state , from the Report , which he held in his hand , that the Commissioners had been appointed in 1795 , to manage , sell , and dispose of the cargoes of Dutch ships detained or brought in , in order to prevent those cargoes from being greatly injured , or totally destroyed . They had general instructions as to the conduct of their transactions from the Lords of the Privy Council , requiring them to keep Minutes of all their proceedings , and to keep their accounts in such form as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury should direct and approve , and upon points of any difficulty occurring , they were to refer to the Committee of the privy council for instructions . These Commissioners were five in number—James Crauford , John Brickwood , Allen Chatfieid , Alexander Baxter , and John Bowles , a member of the society for the suppression of vice , or rather , as appeared by the Report , for pilfering the public . Their sales , it was observed , ceased , and their transactions were nearly brought to a close in July 1799 . Nothing remained after that but small sales of remnants , not completed till 1801 , and a few other things which would give them very little trouble . To these , however , was to be added an important law suit commenced in 1797 , which brought into question property to the amount of 180,000l . But this could not impose much labour upon the Commissioners , as it was obvious that the burthen must rest upon the Solicitors and Counsel.—The hon . gent , next adverted to the observation of the Committee , with respect to the circumstance that no fixed re- 293 muneration had been assigned to the Commissioners , in consequence of which these gentlemen had resolved to remunerate themselves , and charged a commission of 5 per cent . on the gross proceeds of their sales , which commission in the four first years amounted in all to 80,000l . No regular accounts were furnished to government , and criminal as this was