In consequence of this impression , without having had any communication with his majesty 's government , the Austrian government , on the commencement 537 of the war , had drawn bills upon this country , which bills it had not been deemed right to pay , until the circumstance should be mentioned to parliament . When the bills arrived , he would confess , that it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers , to advise his majesty to recommend to parliament to enable him to pay them.—If it should meet with the concurrence of the house , it was proposed to pay the bills out of the Vote of Credit . [ What is the amount of these bills ? was asked across the table by lord H. Petty ] It was not easy to ascertain yet ; they might perhaps amount to 300,000l . But before any appropriation would be made for the payment of these bills , it was considered absolutely necessary to procure the consent and sanction of parliament . This subject was not at that moment open for any discussion , nor could it properly be made the subject of debate , until some specific vote should be proposed upon the subject . The occasion , however , of stating to the committee the Ways and Means of the year , appeared to him to afford the most appropriate opportunity of communicating this circumstance to the house , which , upon every ground of propriety and duty , ought not to be kept back from parliament ; without whose concurrence no money could be appropriated to the case . Having gone through all he had to state , he concluded with moving a Resolution for agreeing to the terms of the contract for the Loan.—On the question being put . wished to know whether any or what portion of the war taxes was to be saddled with the charges of the loan . replied , that the whole of the charges were to be discharged from the war taxes , and particularly that part of them which came under the head of Excise . wished to offer a few observations on one part of the right hon . gentleman 's statement , and particularly that which related to the bills drawn by the Austrian government . The propriety of that step would depend on the previous relations subsisting between the two countries , an explanation of which , he presumed , his majesty 's ministers would feel it their duty to offer to the house before parliament rose . That explanation would determine whether that most extraordinary step , as he must characterize it , was to be attributed to his majesty 's ministers , or the Austrian government . It would be 538 impossible for him at present to touch further upon the subject , without trenching on that more widely extended subject , the propriety of granting subsidies to the powers of Europe in the present state of the continent . On that difficult question he would not attempt to lay down any general principle , for it was a question that must be always tried and determined by a particular reference to the specific cases that might arise , and to the circumstances under which the subsidies were required . This however , he should not hesitate to state , that great deliberation should precede any such issues of the public money , and that the considerations which influenced it should be most seriously weighed . He was willing to admit , that circumstances might arise , when subsidies for the continent ought to be granted almost to an indefinite extent , provided that the expectations entertained were commensurate with them . But this was a most serious consideration , and ought to be very cautiously weighed . If , indeed , any argument should weigh against the system of subsidizing , it would be found in the abuse of the periodical advances which this country had been of late in the habit of making to continental powers . It was notorious that some of these were diverted from the