been an instance of it in the case of general Graham ( Hear , hear ! ) . There was a rule that an officer who came into the army on temporary rank , should not be preferred , but according to a certain rotation ; but his majesty , in the case now alluded to , thought himself authorized and impelled to repeal that regulation , and to place general Graham at the head of all the officers of the same rank . The king never did nor ever could mean to divest himself of that paramount prerogative . He conceived the appointment was not contrary to the regulation which was made the 20th of March last . Lord Burghersh 's commission was dated the 25th of March , 1803 , so that he was entitled to his promotion on the 25th of that month , a difference of only five days ; and for so slight a difference as that , he thought the hon . gent . who made this motion would be sorry to stop the promotion of so meritorious an officer . Though a very young man , he had sought service in every quarter of the globe—in the north of Germany , in Sicily , at the Dardanelles ; was aide-de-camp to general Walker at Rosetta , and to sir A. Wellesley both at Roleia and Vimiera ; and he hoped therefore the hon . mover would not think the king had stretched the prerogative in appointing an officer of this 673 merit . Certainly , after these acts of heroism , application had been made to the late Commander in Chief , and lord Burghersh obtained a promise that he should receive promotion as soon as the limited time of his services was expired ; and he ( lord Castlereagh ) thought that when his majesty saw any young man who possessed high rank and fortune , laying aside all the soft and seducing allurements of pleasure at home , and devoting himself to the service of his country abroad , his majesty would shew great wisdom in bestowing superior marks of favour on such extraordinary activity , zeal , and enterprize . The hon . mover complained that lord Burghersh had not only received a major 's commission , but one of lieutenant-colonel also ; but this was no new case ; for there had been case , without end in the guards where the rank of lieutenant-colonel followed that of major immediately ; and , till the late regulation , no mention was ever made , or notice taken of it ; and as the new regulation was only made on the 20th of March , and the time of his lordship 's service would be expired on the 25th , he put it to the house whether it would be consistent with the common principles of equity or justice to withhold that promotion which had been promised at the end of the former regulation , when the new regulation had never been thought of , and which was only made five days before lord Burghersh would otherwise have been entitled to it . Under those circumstances , he hoped and trusted the house would not think it necessary to call for any information on the subject , but would concur with him , that no case had been made out which could justify them to call the prerogative in question , particularly as to commissions in the army . declared , that when he first heard of this promotion in defiance of the existing regulations , he formed a strong opinion upon it ; but if he had not been before so decided upon its impropriety , the defence set up by the noble lord on that night , would fully have confirmed his opinion . The noble lord had stated that lord Burghersh 's promotion did not stand in the way of the senior captain of the West India regiment , the majority of which the house had no reason to believe was now held by lord Burghersh . If that was the case , and there was no