to suffer Mr. Frere 's judgment to influence his military movements ; and in so doing there could be no doubt of the propriety of his conduct . As to Mr. Frere 's letter requiring the Messenger to be examined before a council of war , he did not mean to vindicate it ; at the same time that he believed too much justice could not be done Mr. Frere , as far as respected his zeal for the country 's interests and the purity of his motives ; but to prove , to their lordships that sir John Moore did not suffer himself to be influenced so far as had been insinuated by the noble lord , he would , with their lordships leave , read to them an extract from the letter he alluded to from sir John Moore to Mr. Frere . The noble lord then read as follows : — '' With respect to the determination which I made on the evening of the 28th , upon receiving from Mr. Stewart the account of Castanos 's defeat , I should , had you been with me , have communicated it to you , but should never have thought of asking your advice 161 or opinion , as that determination was founded on circumstances with which you could not be acquainted , and was , besides , a question merely military , of which I should have thought myself the better judge . '' Here then , it was evident , not only that sir John Moore 's judgment had not been influenced by the advice of Mr. Frere , but that he himself was averse to that advice , or at least did not approve of it . Besides , with respect to the advance into Spain beyond Salamanca , not being a measure originally of sir John Moore 's , it appeared in that correspondence that before he had heard of the defeat of Castanos , he had determined to march to Madrid , and even notwithstanding that , he would , perhaps , have done so subsequently , had it not been that the great passes of Somosierra and Guadarama had been previously occupied by the French . He contended , that the advance of sir John Moore was the spontaneous result of his own free judgment . He was retiring , when he is joined by general Hope ; his army is supplied with artillery and cavalry , and Madrid firmly resolved to hold out ; and in consequence he altered his previous determination . And now that he had said so much as to this advance being the determination of sir John Moore himself , he would say one word on the consequences resulting from that advance . Whatever might be the sentiments of other persons on this subject , he , for his part , believed in his conscience , that that forward movement of sir John Moore had saved Spain . There perhaps were some , who were startled at this assertion ; it was his fixed and decided opinion , and as such he would avow it . After the defeat of Castanos , after the dispersion of the army of Estremadura , after the destruction of the army of Gallicia , after the capitulation of Madrid , that promised to emulate the glory of Saragossa , and would have done so , had not treachery interposed ? —After such a series of success on the part of the French ruler , what was his next object ? —evidently to over-run the South of Spain as he had the North . What would have been the result , if he had at that crisis pursued his conquests by pushing to the Southern Provinces ? why , the troops of Spain would never have had time to rally in the South ; but they have had time to rally and to revive with encreased vigour ; and what , he asked , gave them that time and that opportunity , but the diversion created by the advance of sir John Moore at that critical period in their favour . Never