, that lord Clancarty would have voted for the government for the time being , of which he ( lord Castlereagh ) formed a part.—The defence did not go to maintain that all this was perfectly right ; but it was said that there was no corruption of the electors in this case . But , the person , who was to give the seat , was supposed to have the command of it—a command of seats might be had in different ways , but the whole of them might be ultimately more or less resolvable into money . Burgage tenure and boroughs were as much a matter of bargain and sale as a cow or a horse . When an estate was sold , if any parliamentary interest belonged to it , this was always considered in the price . When members were to be returned , 233 friends of the proprietors were sometimes put in , but it more frequently happened that the seats were sold for 5,000l . or whatever sum they could bring . There were other boroughs where parties maintained their influence by continual corruption , and when an exchange of this sort took place , the parties must know that corruption must be the effect in procuring the seat . There were some who said that this corruption was necessary , in order to support the government ; but , he had no hesitation in declaring it to be his opinion , that it ought not to be supported by such influence as this . This subject , he observed , was connected with the general question of a Reform in Parliament . He remembered in his early life to have heard of an observation of the great lord Chatham , `` That if Parliament did not reform itself from within , it would be reformed with a vengeance from without . '' He hoped the latter alternative would never take place ; but if such abuses as this were passed over unheeded , it was not to be concealed , that a Reform would be called for , in a manner which nobody would be more sorry to see than himself . It was necessary , for the preservation of the constitution , that such transactions as this should be animadverted upon with severity . That severity ought not , indeed , to go beyond the occasion , and the Resolutions of the noble lord did not go further than the occasion required . They were merely Resolutions of fact , though , perhaps , the fact in the second Resolution was incorrectly stated , and he would therefore agree to add some few words by way of Amendment , such as the following : `` As far as appeared to the noble lord at the time ; '' for it was absolutely certain , that the exchange would have been completed , if the underlings had not dropped the negociation . If the hon . gent . ( Mr. Croker ) had concluded his speech by proposing some such Amendment as this , he would have been more consistent , or what , perhaps , he would like better , he would have been more logical . Great stress was laid on the transaction not being completed . He agreed , that if the affair had gone forward , the noble lord might have seen some circumstances to stop him , and this was entitled to weight ; but setting moral guilt out of the question , the whole amounted to this , that the noble lord had , in his political capacity , as far as the negociation went , done all in his power to carry the object into effect , and , accord- 234 ing to the common expression , `` no thanks to him that it had failed . '' If the patronage of the East India Company was thus to be commuted for seats in parliament by members of the government , upon what principle could they be prevented from applying the patronage of the government itself to the same purpose ; If a writership was to