preferred a charge , which had the effect of obliging the right hon . member to quit the house . If every member , against whom vague and indefinite charges of this kind might be brought forward must withdraw , as a matter of course , the hon . member might soon have the whole house to himself . He deprecated the scattering of loose and unfounded accusations . The hon . member was totally mistaken in his precedent . As far as his recollection served him , it did not sanction the form of proceeding he recommended . The charges against the Shepherds were the subject of long and frequent examinations before committees of that house . There was no precedent for putting a man on his trial on such slight grounds ? observed , that his hon . friend had no objection to state the particulars of that information , which he meant to lay before the house . He always understood that a member informing the house that a report had reached him of corrupt practices , was held sufficient grounds to proceed upon . The house had often proceeded to hear evidence at the bar , upon even slighter grounds than the mere knowledge of members . thought it was the duty of the right hon . members against whom the charges were brought , to stand up and second the motion , if it were only for the purpose of clearing their characters . After what had been said in that house , respecting these corrupt practices , it was impossible not to take notice of the subject . The house 383 could not , maintaining any regard for its character , pass over so extraordinary a circumstance . Some of his majesty 's ministers were charged with being active agents in corruption . The tone and dignity of that house must be gradually falling , the feelings of ministers themselves must be wofully blunted , indeed , if they could sit in their places , and hear such accusations . The hon . member was entitled to the attention of the house , if it were only on account of the grave and important nature of the Charges he brought forward . It was , in substance , no less than this , that two of his majesty 's ministers were accused of corrupt practices , to procure the return of members to parliament . conceived there was something extremely irregular in the form of proceeding proposed by the hon . member . It was a form of proceeding better adapted to the genius and spirit of one of the meetings that were so frequent , and so industriously promoted , than befitting the temper and dignity of that house . It would well become that meeting in which the extraordinary proposition was made and approved , that a man holding a place under government was not fit to sit in that house . Such propositions were not intended for the sober consideration of parliament . No ; their object was to increase the popular ferment , to add fuel to fire ; and to encourage and propagate that dangerous spirit that was circulated with a diligence the most suspicious . `` Spargere voces in vulgum amhiguas '' — seemed to be the grand principle of action of the leaders of these meetings . Their aim was to cry down all public men ; to render them objects of distrust and suspicion . He could perceive no good , no substance in a motion grounded on undefined Charges of this kind . For his part , he must require something tangible , some statement that would enable him to determine whether the charge was fit to be entertained , and what were the grounds of suspicion . With respect to the precedent read , it did not stand upon the loose grounds that the motion of the honourable member did . It was not because one member should say that another did so and so , that that other member should be called upon to negative it . Where the charge was direct ,