gent . at the time he admitted that it was not right to hold out any language to the people , which might excite hopes that were not likely to be realized , stated in the same breath , that the people had a settled opinion that a reform in parliament 372 was necessary . Then the hon . gent . besought of him not to apply the character of Jacobinism to those who advocated reform . He could assure that hon . member , that he did not mean to apply a jacobinical character to him or to any other honourable member , who should support his measure . But in saying this , had he not a right to expect to enlist that honourable member on his side , in imputing a jacobinical spirit to those , who by their speeches and resolutions out of doors , from which alone the honourable member appeared to have collected his notion of the opinion of the people , endeavoured to impress upon the people the idea that a reform in parliament was necessary ; to delude the public by statements mischievous , false and fallacious , which were the true characteristics of jacobinism ; and to inflame the public mind with exaggerated pictures of abuse , and imaginary and impracticable ideas of reform . It was to such conduct that the character of Jacobinism particularly applied ; and if any member of that house , not venturing to make such delusive statements in his place , where they might be met and refuted , should think proper to repeat them in other places , it would not be difficult to appreciate the mischief that might be the result . The language held to the public in these places was , that the house of commons was a sink of corruption ; and that that house was the only place wherein the sense of the people was treated with contempt . Throughout the whole of the speeches and resolutions to which he alluded , there were assertions in terms not literally false , but founded upon reasoning delusive and fallacious . It was asserted that they who composed that house , sat there contrary to that law which seated the family of his majesty upon the throne ; because it was enacted by that act , that no placemen or pensioners should have a seat in that house . What language was that to be held out to the people without any comment on the fact , or any illustration of the law ? The act in question had been passed in the year 1700 , and was repealed in the year 1704 ; it was not to have taken effect until after the accession of the house of Brunswick to the throne , and had consequently never been the law of the land . And yet , the persons to whom he had been called upon not to apply the word Jacobin , had ventured to state with a view to inflame the public mind , that the members of that house 373 were sitting in it contrary to law ; without adding that the law they referred to had never been in force , was never intended to have operation in the time of the framers , was only to have effect at the expiration of two successive reigns , and had actually been repealed four years after it was passed , and many years before it could pass into a law . The hon . gent . had acknowledged that he had been a reformer in 1784 ; and though he admitted , at the same time , that he had then acted upon mistaken grounds , he had in the same breath accused the late Mr. Pitt of apostacy from the cause of reform . The fact was , that Mr. Pitt upon clearer facts and more accurate information , had anticipated that conviction which seemed so tardily to come upon the honourable member.—He should now proceed to say a few words upon the plan of the hon . gent . It appeared that he proposed to