, as was perpetually done , that the half of an act by which a benefit might be obtained was any thing like half the benefit . For instance , if the grievance complained of was a beard of a mouth 's growth , or a pair of those absurd whiskers with which the faces of some of our soldiers were now disgraced , and the barber should say he had not soap enough to hold out for the whole face , but he would shave half of it , would the person so shaved be considered as getting rid of half the grievance ? and more especially if the barber should say , as in the present instance , that although he shaved the hair from one side of the face , it would grow so much thicker on the other , so that there would be precisely the same quantity , although only on one side 1009 of the face ( A general laugh ) . That was really the case in the present instance ; for , as the hon . baronet ( Sir F. Burdett ) had observed , the removal of the competition of private wealth would increase the power of the treasury . By the amended bill , the hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen ) might get half of his measure , but no part of his object . For his part , he was no enemy of the influence which the crown at present possesses . In considering the proper degree of influence for the crown to possess , it was necessary to consider the antagonist influence which it had to contend with . All manner of persons were usually conspiring against the government , and it was necessary that government should be strong enough to counteract them . As to the influence of the crown , it was well known that it succeeded to prerogative ; or if gentlemen wished to see a country where no influence was wanted , they might turn their eyes to France . In that country that influence of the crown was unnecessary . If any officer in the customs , or any other department , betrayed the trust which was reposed in him , he could be led out and executed . In such a country there was no occasion for the crown having influence ; it was sufficient that it had power . He considered it most degrading and impolitic for a government to comply with every temporary popular opinion ; but he thought it more degrading still to endeavour to delude the people by giving them what was worse than nothing . The delusion , however , would not pass . The people , he was persuaded , would find out the trick , and would not be made to take Birmingham counters for sterling gold . The preamble , and the first clause of this bill , appeared to be merely calculated to deceive the people , and make them suppose that something was done , which was in fact not done . The people , to be sure , collectively considered , seemed to be made only to be duped . They were resolved always to be duped by somebody . They were duped by those haranguers , who told them that eleven millions and a half of the public expenditure might be saved . They were now about to be duped by ministers , who were ready to pass a bill , holding out a promise which could never be realized . As to the parental affection which the hon . member ( Mr. Curwen ) had manifested for his bill , it was surely of the oddest sort possible ; for it was for a child not his own . The child was a perfect changeling , with no 1010 resemblance to the former either in features or colour . Qui color albus erat , nunc est contrarius albo . It must have been got by a negro slave . The indifference too of the hon . gentleman between this and the original bill , was not less