been of such long standing , he thought it impossible that the house should not take some notice of it . He threw it out , therefore , for consideration , if it would not be proper that a provision to prevent this disgraceful practice in future should not be introduced ? Or if it would not be the better plan to institute an inquiry in the first instance , and then to pass such a provision ? He was satisfied the right hon . gent . would not object to 115 the introduction of such a provision . The Treasury was said to have a great trade in this traffic . The Secretaries of the Treasury were understood to be the great persons concerned in carrying it on . If the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or his friends , chose to deny the charge , he should be glad to propose the appointment of a Committee to inquire into it . He was not , nor ever had been , connected with any traffic of the kind . He could not therefore say that it consisted with his own knowledge that the charge was true ; but this he could say , that he understood and believed that it was . ( Hear , hear ! from the Ministerial bench , particularly from Mr. Rose ) . He was happy to hear himself cheered by the right hon . gent . What he stated was matter of public notoriety ; and it was even understood that previous to every election an Office was opened in the Treasury , for the purchase of seats in parliament , which again were sold to others , of more or less interest and ability , who again in proportion to their possession of those qualities , paid a higher or lower price for their seats . There had even lately beers a vacancy in that house , because the person holding the seat had not been willing to comply with the stipulation on which he received it . His lordship believed the right hon . gent . would not deny what he had stated . If he did , his lordship was anxious for a Committee to inquire into the fact . He should not propose the appointment of one at present , but only threw out the observation , that the attention of the right hon . gent . should be directed to it . According to what should fall from him , he should regulate his conduct . He could not , however , forbear from expressing his surprize , when the right hon . gent . assisted by the Attorney and Solicitor General , saw occasion to bring forward a Bill of this kind , that they should have kept out of view that offence which was more important than any other species of trafficing whatever . said , the East India Patronage Committee had not expressed any opinion , that sales of offices in the service of that Company should be exempted from the operation of the present Bill , but only that there was no necessity for any separate and specific legislative measure applicable to that Company . They had done so the more particularly on this account , because the East India Company were already armed with greater powers than those which the country possessed ; 116 the former being permanent , while the latter was subject to change , and dismissal from office always following the commission of the offence in the one , while it was by no means so necessary a consequence in the other . He did not know whether the noble lord objected to this bill or opposed it . For his own part , he did not see how any man could expect from a legislative measure , that it should operate to the extinction of crime . If it rendered it more difficult , he conceived it did all that could be expected from it . He was desirous to entertain the Bill , and if any thing could be added to it in the