might be the case with respect to that point , he believed that not one of their lordships could entertain the smallest doubt as to the justice of the great cause in which Austria had engaged in war with France . On that subject he believed there could be but one opinion . He therefore hoped that their lordships would be unanimous in their vote in favour of the Vote of Credit which he was about to move . A similar vote during war had been the usual practice of parliament ; and it was certainly most desirable to afford every practicable facility to Austria in the existing conflict , in resistance to the overbearing tyranny and unbounded ambition of the French government . The Treaty which his majesty had concluded with the emperor of Austria could not be laid before the house till the ratifications were exchanged ; but he took that opportunity to state again to the house , that that Treaty contained nothing whatever of a subsidiary nature . All that government now asked was a Vote of Credit for the sum of three millions to be placed at their disposal , and to be used by them as circumstances might render it advisable to dispose of it . This was not asked merely with a view to the affairs of Austria , but also with reference to 712 our ancient ally of Portugal , and to the cause of Spain . He was happy to say that the interests of the peninsula did not appear so desponding as to cause us to refuse a continuance of our aid to those who had so nobly , so gallantly , so patriotically and so loyally maintained the honour and independence of their country against the pretensions and invasion of France . While the same noble and determined spirit was manifested , he was convinced that it was the policy of this country to continue its assistance to them . What might be the result of the contest , it was impossible to foresee ; but while the Spaniards did not despair of it themselves , while they evinced the same manly and patriotic disposition to defend their rights and their independence , he trusted that their lordships would feel the propriety of assisting them in a cause , in the object of which every one must sympathise with them , and wish them success . He repeated , that in the case of the Austrian war , that government had in no respect been urged by this country . His lordship concluded by making his motion . expressed his sentiments as to the great necessity of taking care of our own resources , for the purpose of our own protection . In point of justice there was no claim upon us from Austria , nor any further claim from Spain , though he would add , that he wished them every success in their endeavours . There was , however , a duty which we owed to ourselves . If France succeeded against Austria , which was but too probable , then he feared a similar success would be obtained by France over Spain : and we must bring our minds to a situation in which we were to go on without the continent of Europe . Indeed , even if we made peace , we should have to preserve that peace by such a defensive attitude as would continue to entail upon us vast expences ; and therefore , upon a view of the whole , he thought we should , particularly after our late campaign in Spain , be careful how we expended our lives or our treasure . His grace then made some observations on the system pursued in Spain , of fighting for an unfortunate individual in captivity , and compared it with our conduct at the revolution , when we took a different course , and chose another person capable of doing something for our cause . His grace seemed to infer that the Spaniards did not act wisely in this particular . rose in consequence of 713 the observations of the noble