house to protect useful animals from wanton and malicious cruelties ; and he contended that if any of the cases alluded to by the right hon . gent , should come within that description , the persons concerned would be within the operation of the act . The bill was intended to prevent practices specifically mentioned , and all the objections of the right hon . gent , went only to the enactments of the bill , and might be removed in the Committee . had hoped that the able and convicting speech of the right hon . gent . Opposite , would have produced an unanimous vote against the bill in that house . He was an enemy to the bill on the grounds stated by the right hon . gent . as well as because it did not draw any definite line to mark the offence , and would consequently lead to arbitrary decisions . felt surprised at the rejection of a measure coming recommended as this did from so respectable a quarter , and expressed his regret that such distinguished talents should be employed in opposition to it . He possessed a letter , which , if he read , he was sure would create in the breast of the right hon . gent. , sentiments congenial to his own . If the bill had been more general , it would be argued that it went too far , and now that it was confined to distinct offences it was said it did not go far enough . By raising the estimation of the animal creation in the minds of the ignorant , this bill would create a sum of sensitive happiness almost impossible to calculate . thought that a bill so novel in its nature as the present required more time for its due consideration . He did not credit many of the facts which had been stated and called for evidence to be produced at the bar . He then mentioned that he himself saw a man once striking a horse on the head with the butt end of his whip , in a manner that appeared to him most cruel and brutal . He interfered ; but the man , with a most good-humoured countenance , assured him that it was necessary to frighten the horse by striking him on the head , that if he had struck him with the small end of the whip , it would have put the animal to greater pain . professed himself a warm friend to the bill , which was founded on moral principle . He had many years since considered this subject of cruelty to animals , together with his noble frend ( lord Erskine ) the mover of it . mentioned a case , where he himself had met a man beating and spurring his horse most cruelly , and he threatened to take him before a magistrate . The man defied him , and said the horse was his own , and he would treat him as he pleased . was ready to give full credit to the intentions of the noble mover of this bill , but thought that it was a subject which required great consideration . If such cases as that stated by his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Jekyll ) were intended to be included under the general words of wantonly and maliciously abusing those animals , he could not readily bring his mind to assent to it : for who was to judge exactly of the quantity of food which ought to be given , or of the quantity of punishment or of spurring which was necessary to oblige a * 1030 horse to make the exertion that was necessary ? Who was to judge of the exertion that was necessary ? Suppose the man who had been met by the hon . baronet was riding to get a physician for a sick wife , was to be made liable to be stopped in his journey , and taken before a magistrate , if any person passing thought he beat or spurred his horse too severely