were peculiarly chargeable with corruption . From all that he had seen he was convinced that the charge was groundless . The bill proposed would , however , not satisfy those persons who made this charge . As to the expectation held out that the measure would make any alteration in the description of persons returned to that house , he did not think it would have any effect of that nature , because he was persuaded that as large a proportion of landed gentlemen , as of any other description , procured their seats in that house by the means objected to . He conceived the measure to be much more practicable than it was supposed by his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) . The precise complaint to be redressed was , that the influence which individuals had in the return of members to that house , had been transferred to others for a pecuniary consideration . If it was desirable that this practice should not exist , then the next question was , how it would be practicable to restrain it ? and this the measure proposed appeared to him likely to do . But his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , appeared to him to take the alarm too soon at the idea of Reform . If the practice was wrong , it was no reason to urge against the adoption of a remedy , that it might lead to an expectation of still further measures . The bill proposed by the hon . gent . was a mere act of regulation , and had no connection whatever with the more difficult and more dangerous question of Parliamentary Reform . The arguments urged against this bill would have equally applied against the Grenville act , and alt the other acts for regulating the conduct of parliament which had been passed since the Revolu- 377 tion , and he contended that the present question had less reference to Parliamentary Reform than any of the other acts to which he had alluded . This bill was to contain a mere regulation , and was not intended to touch any existing rights of election . It proceeded upon the assumption that any individual might constitutionally exercise the influence which his character , his rank , or his property might procure for him in his neighbourhood , in favour of any body he pleased to recommend , but was to prohibit him from transferring that influence for a pecuniary consideration . It was perfectly proper , that any individual so circumstanced should recommend whom he pleased to those who might apply for his advice , from deference to superior knowledge , experience , and character , but it was not right that he should transfer that influence for money . For one , he should not pledge himself to the measure , till it should be brought in , and he should have an opportunity of judging whether he could give it his support . But he was glad that the bill was to be allowed to go to the second reading , because the house would thereby be enabled to decide upon its merits . expressed his regret that a spirit like that displayed in the very able speech of the last speaker did not pervade the house . He could not conceive what right any man had to throw the smallest reflection on the advocates of Parliamentary Reform . The principles upon which they proposed to proceed had the sanction of lord Chatham , Mr. Pitt , and Mr. Fox , three of the greatest men that ever appeared in this or any other country . Would any of the puny mortals of the present day think of setting themselves up against such men ? Did any man mean to say that these persons were insincere ? Would they have brought forward the subject , if they were insincere ? And now , Gentlemen , — [ a roar of laughter , which continued for several minutes . Mr. Smith was one of the speakers at the late meeting at