, he felt desirous to ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer a few questions with respect to the means of inflaming the public mind . Was it meant to say that the few persons who were at the recent meeting could be so extremely dangerous ? Was it true or not that gross corruptions existed ? He would admit not so gross as in former times , but yet gross enough . Were we so purified ? Had we really done enough in the progress of Reform ? No , we could never do enough ; if the work of Reform ceased , while human nature was human nature , corruption would succeed and triumph . We know that members were formerly paid by the crown so many pounds a year for their votes and support in the house of commons . Corruption was nut now so gross ; but in those times they had the benefit of arguments against Reforms similar to those used at present . Could any man arraign the conduct of his hon . friend who made the motion , and venture to say , that there was no corruption in the election of members to parliament ? He had never been in office , and therefore had not the means of such particular knowledge of these things as some others ; but he could speak from that sort of general knowledge that he had acquired on the subject , and was desirous that it should pass under close examination . He thought his hon . friend might fairly stand on the question of form , and take the sense of the house.—It was improper now to enter into particular observations while the parties accused were absent ; but he contended that cases might occur , in which a member might not have a quarter of an 389 hour 's notice , to bring general charges . The Secretary of State wished a negative to be put upon this motion , to serve as a sort of land-mark to prevent future attempts at encroachment . He , too , wished the sense of the house taken , to serve as a land-mark of the privileges and duties of members of that house . Corrupt conduct was imputed to Mr. Spencer Perceval and lord Castlereagh . The responsibility was on the mover , and let the house decide fairly ; the withdrawing of the motion might carry the appearance of mistake in the mover . It might have been more prudent to consult the opinion of the Chair ; but the motion being made , he thought the principle of the right ought not to be yielded . This was an attack , not upon all public men , but on their corrupt practices ; and if defeated in the question now , he hoped it would be brought on again almost immediately . They all knew of these practices , and they had recognized them . The house of commons had passed over a case proved before them , and the man remained a minister of state . Did not that transaction shew that abuse was not corrected or checked ? and those men who did not wish for a Parliamentary Reform , should look well to the remedy of what was practically wrong , and for which members might be sent to Newgate . A member offers to prove the existence of ministerial corruption , and up jumps some lion , gent. , and charges him with attacking all public characters , and endeavouring to destroy the constitution from the foundation , and to build up some new edifice . He denied again the truth of such charges . He saw no proof or just suspicion of such a system as was alluded to . If the house would not give the people the right of public investigation into abuses , the people might be quiet ; but they would see , that they who refused inquiry , refused to them the British constitution . explained , that he did not state that the attack on lord Castlereagh was part of an attack on all