those against them . The public feeling , he was aware , lay on the other side , and in balanced and doubtful cases , that consideration ought to decide them . If there was a difference between the two houses of parliament , that was not the moment to renew the difference ; he would follow up his vote of the former night , by continuing to act on the suspension up to the time agreed to . With respect to the advice which the Lord Chancellor had been said to have stated , that he should feel no hesitation to give to his majesty , he could only say , that the whole story was new to him ; he had never heard it before , and did not believe it . He hoped he had exculpated himself from the charge of inconsistency , or any inclination to avoid the discussion of the question . ridiculed the idea of the measure now proposed having the effect of interfering with or obstructing the act of last session . It was the strongest mode of obstructing an act , to give it perpetual operation . He could by no means agree with those who thought the present measure one from which little advantage would be derived . It would both diminish the public expence , and also diminish the patronage of the minister of the day , by preventing him from pressing the future into his service , and confining him to what he had now , instead of extending his power over what might not be disposable for 40 or 50 years . But , if he could conceive the measure of little importance in itself , it had become of the highest importance in consequence of the circum- 203 stances which had attended it , and which went to affect the consideration which the popular part of the constitution should always carry along with it . rose to reply . He observed that the whole weight of the right hon . gent . 's argument rested upon the circumstance , that some public inconvenience might arise from the adoption of the measure . For his own part , he could not perceive any inconvenience that could be the result of the adoption of the measure , though he was firmly persuaded that great practical injury must result from procrastination respecting it . Why should the members of that house throw themselves upon the mercy of his majesty 's ministers , or why should they defer the consideration of the measure in compliance with their views ? The right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Canning ) had stated how nicely balanced his own opinion was on the subject , and that he wished to leave it to public opinion to decide ; but it was somewhat extraordinary that the vote of that right hon . gent , was to be in opposition to the opinion of the public . But the right hon . gent , contended , that the course he pursued was founded upon the impression , that the contrary would be productive of danger to the safety of the public . His majesty 's ministers , however , did not appear to him to meet the question fairly : they opposed it on the ground of inconvenience , but they passed by the interest which the public had in passing the measure . Upon the integrity of the house of commons was placed the surest hope and firmest reliance of the country . It had been said that this measure was not comparable to Magna Charta ; but the principle of the bill was more compatible with the spirit of that instrument than the spirit of those who opposed it was compatible with that of those who supported Magna Charta . On the whole , therefore , he should persevere in his motion , and leave to the house to determine whether or not leave should be given to bring in the Bill . addressed 204 the house as follows : —Sir , in rising for the purpose of making the motion of which I gave