; for , surely , it would not be equitable to keep newspaper proprietors to the strict limitation or letter of an agreement , when the foundation on which such agreement stood had sunk . Why should they be restricted in the price of their paper , when the expence attending it had been extended ? Papers which had a variety of advertisements might profit by it , but that was the result of much labour and a long establishment , and was at all events no reason why those which had fewer should suffer . A multiplicity of papers were now printed in this town , but such speculations were extremely hazardous , and were often kept alive at absolute ruin from too long protracted hope and a natural disinclination to dissolve a regulated establishment . moved the order of the day for the house resolving itself into a Committee on this bill . On the motion for the Speaker 's leaving the Chair , expatiated on the impro- 269 priety of allowing offices in the courts of law to become saleable . This practice had been justly reprobated by all judicial characters , from lord Kaimes , downwards . The Committee of Finance in 1797 had disapproved of the custom , and had recommended strongly its discontinuance to the house . He merely threw this out as his opinion , for he did not mean to make any specific motion on the subject . agreed with the hon . and learned gent. , that the subject to which he had alluded was deserving of consideration , and was of opinion that the house should come to some resolution upon the question in the present session . It would not be right to proceed further in the present instance without communication with the courts , with a view to guard , in any future measures , existing rights and vested property . In the last session , he had given notice of his intention in the present to bring forward a proposition for the increase of the salaries of the puisne judge , and he had to state , that that was still his intention . He thought it would also be right to increase the salaries of the Welsh judges , and of the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas , and of the chief baron of the Exchequer . He had not brought forward this measure at an earlier period of the session , because from the feelings which the mention of it seemed to have excited , he did not apprehend any opposition to it when he should propose to carry it into effect . But he trusted that the house would not think it necessary to make any provision respecting the sale of judicial offices , before this regulation should be adopted , but content itself with a resolution declaratory of its intention to take up that subject next session . In the exceptions , therefore , in the present bill , he proposed that these offices should be included , and should not propose to delay one year the consideration of the expediency of making some regulation respecting them , if that delay could effect or interfere with the administration of justice . But the offices were purely ministerial ; and there were other judges in the different courts , besides those , who had the disposal of these places , and who could decide whether the persons appointed were adequate and fit for the offices . It was matter of surprise , that such places should have been excepted in the act of Edward vi . ; but , as they had been so long excepted from the operation of that act , and allowed to be sold , it would not be just 270 to take away the right of disposing of them without due consideration , and an adequate equivalent . observed , that in his idea the operation of the bill ought to be extended to sinecures in the courts , and offices sold by persons holding such sinecures . He did not know all the cases , or how