for , after all , it was the tribunal before 1013 which that house was ultimately to be tried ; and it must not be forgotten , that what gave rise to that bill was a disclosure , which led to a confession upon both sides of that house , of the existence of corrupt practices in procuring seats in that house . This was not a circumstance calculated to lull the suspicions of the public , but rather to make them look to their proceedings on that bill with great jealousy . The right hon . gent . who had thrown out such sly hints against the sincerity of others , had brought his own to rather a queer trial in the committee . He was a friend to the bill , and the moment he got it into the committee , he never stopped till he succeeded in making it as unlike the measure he professed to befriend as any measure could possibly be . The bill went into the committee with the clause of penalty ; the clause respecting the oath , and that regarding the agreement for the grant of office ; and before it is allowed to come out of it , the right hon . gent . had deprived it of altogether ; penalty , oath , and office . As for the preamble , notwithstanding the fine eulogium the right hon . gent . had passed upon it , he thought it amounted to neither more nor less than nothing ; the Bribery Act would not be carried into effect by it—and why ? Because that might go to affect members as well as voters , and there was no saying too much about the tenderness the right hon . gent . manifested for the former , though , to be sure , it was a fine thing to talk big of mulcting a minister in the penalty of 1,000l . as if such a fine could be preventive . But this was of a character with the rest , and was only throwing a shield about the members ; and yet if the sincerity of the right hon . gent . was appealed to , it might be difficult for him to account why there should be any difference between the elected and the electors ; why the same offence in either , mutatis mutandis , should not be visited with the same kind of punishment ? Why they both should not be put upon the same footing ? Or why what was a misdemeanor in the elector should not also be a misdemeanor in the elected ? Another material alteration in the bill was , that as it originally stood , the grant of office was made an offence like every other gift , and he could not see why the gift of office should not be considered as criminal as the gift of money , where the intention was the same . But the right hon . gent . insisted upon the introduction of the word `` ex- 1014 press , '' which did away the whole force and use of the clause . When that right hon . gent . acted as a new reformer recently , he took a different course with respect to his own measure . [ Here Mr. Tierney read the passages from Mr. Perceval 's Bill to prevent the Sale of Offices , and observed , that the term `` express '' was not included in that bill , nor ought not in the present ] .—But he could not believe it possible , that the right hon . gent . really meant to prevent the Sale of Seats in that house , as his conduct in the treatment of that Bill was totally irreconcilable with such an intention ; and as to his ( Mr. Tierney 's ) sincerity , he could only says that wishing well as he did to the bill of his hon . friend , he must wish ill to the present one of the right hon . gentleman . He again adverted to the preamble , and said