a miserable want of public spirit when our army was there , but the general dispo- 461 sition of a nation could never be properly known from the behaviour of the inhabitants who lived near a large army . People were not friendly to an army , from the inconvenience which attended it necessarily.—Upon the whole , he thought the conduct of administration perfectly correct ; if they had done more , they might have acted imprudently ; and if they had done less , they would not have done their duty . He trusted the house would be of opinion that the noble lord had laid no good grounds for his Resolutions , but contended from false colouring and mistaken notions . Ministers had done every thing possible in exertions to carry the wishes of the British people into effect , and make a great military effort , rapidly and efficiently , in the cause of Spain . However that exertion had succeeded , they had at least this consolation , that in all they had done there was not a stain on the good faith , honesty , and generosity of Britain . They had conducted this arduous and delicate matter in a manner so as to secure the exaltation of the national character , without committing the power of the country . With all the past to blame , the noble lord had not ventured to point out a better line of conduct which ought to have been pursued . They had done their duty with honour and integrity to preserve the Spanish nation from the usurpation of France ; they had done every thing possible to preserve the integrity of Spain . If any charge could be brought against them , if must be rather for exceeding than keeping within the point of prudence , in conforming to the wishes of the country , and he trusted their exertions would yet be crowned with success . He concluded by calling on the house to give a decided negative to the motion . said that the noble lord had begun his speech by censuring that of his noble friend , as being too succinct and concise , and therefore but ill suited to a subject upon which the noble lord had satisfied the house , it was possible to be diffuse , erratic , and tedious . The noble lord , too , had condemned the speech of his noble friend for being so destitute of point . The speeches of the noble lord himself abounded so much in pith and point , that the charge acquired additional force in coming from him ; the speeches of the noble lord at least generally abounded in something or other , and he would not take upon himself to decide whether they were right who thought that some- 462 thing abounded alike upon all occasions ' and was neither more nor less than pointless prolixity . The noble lord had said a vast deal upon what he no doubt thought a very fruitful theme , the character of the government as affected by the Resolutions proposed . He would not now stop to enquire what that character was : but let it be what it might , it certainly was upon all occasions the same , and entitled to the same weight with the country ; for whether they had to resist Buonaparté , or contend with Mrs. Clarke , their measures appeared to be suggested by the same spirit of wisdom and crowned with the same , sort of success ; so that he apprehended that the character of the government was by this time pretty well established . But the noble lord had taken great pains to identify the character of the government with the spirit of the people ; no two things could be more materially different , more substantially distinct . The spirit of the country had indeed , been high , generous , and enthusiastic in the cause of Spain , but did it follow that the government was to suffer itself to be blinded by that enthusiasm , instead of calling forth all