being perfectly persuaded that if the crown were deprived of the means of rewarding public service which Sinecures afforded , such a system of pensions would follow as would make those persons lament the change who were now most anxious for the abolition of Sinecures . The right hon . gent . recommended strongly a revision of the system acted upon by Deputies in certain offices connected with the administration of justice in Ireland , which system was at present a very serious abuse to suitors , and particularly to the poorer class . protested against the latitude of the doctrine laid down in the debate upon the subject of Sinecures , and quoted the authority of various Reports from committees of that house , combined with the opinions of some of the best men the country had known , to sustain his objection . In point of fact , those Sinecures were not applied to reward public services , but to gratify ministerial favouritism , which rendered their existence still more objectionable . The hon . member read a list of Sinecures in Ireland , to the amount of 26,000l . a year . promised to consider the 960 recommendation with respect to the fees and exactions complained of , in certain offices connected with the administration of justice in Ireland . The right hon . gent . pointed out certain offices in Scotland , which , although requiring the performance of every active duty , were , through misinformation no doubt , described in the Report of the Finance Committee as Sinecures . corrected the mistake of the right hon . gent . as to the Report of the Committee , which mistake proceeded from the offices alluded to being placed under the general head of `` Sinecures and offices executed partly or wholly by deputy . '' observed , that in considering Sinecures , their effect on the public mind was to be kept in view . He still thought that this was the most economical way of rewarding public service , but if retained , these sinecures ought to be placed in a clear and distinct light , so that neither the object nor amount could be mistaken . gave notice that he would propose a Resolution at another opportunity , to the effect , that Sinecures were an expedient mode of remunerating public service . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Irish Revenue Regulation Bill ; and the question having been put that the bill be now read the third time , rose to resist a clause in this bill , to which he thought it impossible the house could give their final assent , if they were aware of its object . It was no less than a grant of full amnesty and indemnification to all the excise officers in Ireland , who had for a series of years past , in direct violation of their duty and their oaths , been plundering the revenue of that country ( as appeared from the Reports of the Irish committee of inquiry ) of no less a sum than 850,000l . a 961 year , by taking bribes from the distillers for conniving at their evasions of the duties upon their manufacture , and thus combining and colluding with them to defraud that revenue of which they were the sworn and confidential officers . If such a clause were allowed to pass , he was sure it would so far operate as a sanction and encouragement to fraud , as to create a necessity for another clause of indemnity in a year or two hence.—The reasoning upon which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland supported this clause upon a former night was , that the salaries of the excise officers in Ireland were inadequate to their maintenance , and therefore exposed them to the temptations of bribery to betray their duty ; but that their salaries being now raised , there were of course to be no more frauds in future . But he ( sir J. Newport ) could not admit for a moment