themselves . He said he was extremely surprised to hear it objected to his motion that the period of the session was too late for entertaining it ; because the Irish Chancellor of the Exchequer would on Wednesday next propose to the house to lay new taxes upon the people of Ireland , to the amount of 2 or 400,000l . per annum . If then it was not too late to impose new burthens upon the people , how can it be too late to redress a grievance of which the people of Ireland universally complain ? after the long discussion which had already taken place , submitted whether it would not be desirable to postpone the debate upon this important subject to a future day . was at all times anxious to hear the sentiments of the house upon this question ; but as he was aware that some of the clauses in the bill were dis- 649 approved of , he should not feel indisposed to postpone the discussion , because he should thereby have four or five days to reconsider these clauses . thought , that after a discussion which had lasted for six hours , this question could not receive a full discussion and he was therefore for the postponement . declared , that if this bill were to pass , four-fifths of the boroughs would be affected by it . The motion of which an honourable friend of his had given notice for a Reform in Parliament , was less objectionable than this measure , and therefore this bill should have his decided negative . observed , that he was descended from those persons who had originated the acts against bribery at elections , and for the trial of controverted elections , and consequently a friend to any measure , calculated to promote the objects professed in those acts . Those who gave money for their seats , did it with a view to get it back ; and , though some of those who get into parliament in that way were good members , others were bad , and consequently he should support the bill . rose and spoke as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; I much approve of the sentiments expressed by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Ridley Colburne ) who first spoke in this debate . He has stated sufficient ground to satisfy the house , that if it were to adopt the remedies proposed by the author of the Bill , there would ensue evils much greater than those which it is now sought to cure . But there are reasons still more cogent , which induce me to believe , that it is the duty of the house to reject the proposition in its present stage . This is a measure of no ordinary nature ; my hon . friend modestly professes to desire only to carry into effect the Resolutions which stand recorded on our Journals ; but his Bill is broad and comprehensive in its enactments ; and , if passed into a law in its present shape , will alter the composition of parliament in such a degree , that few , indeed , of the persons I have now the honour to address , could retain their seats , if they complied strictly with all the obligations about to be imposed.—It appears to me , that there is no sufficient ground stated for the house to adopt measures of so dangerous and so in- 650 definite a nature . The constitution , under which we enjoy so many blessings , is not the work of art ; it is not the work of human wisdom alone , but has been produced by a happy combination of circumstances , during the lapse of ages ; and to hazard the safety of such a fabric by measures of dangerous reform , whose consequences the house can not calculate , seems to be the height of folly and presumption . The hon . baronet ( Sir Watkin Wynn ) has quoted , with great approbation , the Treating Act , the Bribery Act , and