respecting our readiness to subsidize foreign powers at this period , after the experience we had so unfortunately had . rose to explain to the noble lord that there was no mention in the Message of his majesty that the Treaty with Austria was a treaty of subsidy . In fact , it was not so . There was no such thing in the treaty . The Message also stated , that when the ratifications were exchanged , then the treaty would be laid before their lordships . Previous to that period , it could not be done . All that government meant to propose to parliament , in consequence of what had been said in the Message respecting pecuniary aid , was merely to ask a Vote of Credit , which was common before the session of parliament closed , to enable government to act as new circumstances might render it necessary before it re-assembled . The whole extent of the sum intended to be asked was three millions ; a sum which , all things considered , his lordship thought could not be regarded as extraordinary . Under the present circumstances of Europe , he thought that if ever government might require confidence , it was when they asked for such a vote of credit . , though he would not oppose the vote of credit , could not 693 but consider that whatever subsidies might be granted , would ultimately fall a burthen upon the people of this country . The motion was then put and carried , nem . dis . wished to be informed whether it was intended to make any communication to parliament respecting the state of our relations with America ? said , the negociation being still pending , it was not intended to make any communication to parliament . The arrangement which had been entered into by his majesty 's ministers , in America and the government of the United States was unauthorized , the former having made concessions without demanding any of those conditions , the compliance with which ought to have been made the basis of granting such concessions . asked , if he was then to consider the arrangement made by his majesty 's minister in America as wholly unauthorized ? answered in the affirmative . thought from the expression used by the noble earl , that some instructions had been given to Mr. Erskine to make certain concessions , which the latter might have misunderstood . From the arrangements as published in the newspapers , it seemed as if the measures adopted had been preconcerted , for every thing followed in such order and rule , that it was almost impossible to believe but what Mr. Erskine , of whose ability he had the highest opinion , conceived that he was acting strictly according to his instructions . It must be evident , that by the disavowal of this arrangement , the difficulties in the further negociation with America would be materially increased , and when known in America , it might give rise to some imputations against the character and good faith of this country , under the impression that a trick had been resorted to , for the sake of obtaining a little temporary advantage for ourselves . A fearful responsibility , therefore , rested upon ministers , and investigation must take place . agreed that the disavowal of this arrangement must necessarily increase the difficulties in the negociation with America ; but that could not be imputed to ministers , as in making that arrangement , Mr. Erskine had not only acted unauthorised by his instruc- 694 tions , but in direct contradiction to his instructions ; he thought it necessary to state this distinctly , as the noble earl appeared to have misunderstood his noble friend . Care would be taken in the Order , which would appear as soon as the course of business would allow , that those vessels which , in the mean time , had sailed in consequence of the confidence reposed in the arrangement made in America , should be excluded from the operation of that Order , and