, it was no difficult matter to conjecture , when due attention was paid to the nature of the Resolutions which had been passed elsewhere , and to the names that were affixed to those Resolutions . The house were told to take care how they acted in contradiction to the sense of the people . But how and where was the sense to be ascertained ? Was it in the commons house of parliament , or in those meetings which were held to canvass the conduct of that house ? Were the house to listen only to those among them who came reeking from those meetings , and who would inculcate on the house the lessons which they received and brought from such a school ? Should we not look to the motives from which such persons acted , as well as to the principles they thought proper to profess , and in taking this view of the nature and tendency 524 of their conduct were we not to learn what we should avoid , as well as what we had to adopt ? With respect to the scheme which was hatching in those meetings , no man could be in the dark . We had to guard against the machinations of dangerous demagogues : at least when such meetings presumed to bring the conduct of that house to account , that house had an equal right to enquire into , and animadvert upon the tendency of their conduct . Indeed , it were an abjuration of common sense not to see the motives , and to appreciate the consequences of the present motion . The attempt at Parliamentary Reform was at all times questionable ; at a moment like the present it was dangerous in the extreme ; and might lead to consequences beyond any conjecture or calculation . The object of the present motion was merely to immolate two public characters upon his side of the house ; but if it were now to be acceded to , would it stop there ? Would not the spirit it was intended to excite call to-morrow for more stately and more numerous victims on the other side ? Where would its practical consequences stop ? It must bear down all public men in all public situations , and leave their room to be filled by providential men without practice , without experience . The house would surely pause before they adopted a proposition that must lead to such a series of consequences . He must again be permitted to remind the house , that the main and sole object of the present motion was a reform in parliament ; that the hon . mover , and more particularly the noble lord ( Folkestone ) who supported the motion , expressly stated that they were actuated by no hostile feelings against his colleagues ; that they had no wish or intention whatsoever to see them removed from office ; that their great object was a reform of that house ; in short , that all their claims were directed to parliamentary reform . They had already advanced two steps ; they had but one more to take , and that was to relieve his majesty 's ministers from all attendance in parliament . They would first rob public men of all the influence of character , well knowing that without such a shield they must prove defenceless and impotent . In short , they would take every thing that was liberal from the ambition for place , and reduce public men to that degraded standard to which such a motion as the present must level them . With all his 525 anxiety for parliamentary reform , the avowed object of his motion , as originally announced , the hon . gent . thought proper to shift his ground , and with more depth of design , and dexterity of execution , he now came forward with a separate measure , with a measure that was only a preliminary to the attainment of his great end . Neither would he state the sort of reform he wished for , but merely