it was at all politic or convenient for the house to eater into the investigation of abuses : if every thing was fair and proper , the right hon . gent , himself ought to be the first to support the motion , and to convince the people that the abuses alledged did not exist . The right hon . gent , had said that he was afraid of continuing the ferment on the public mind ; but as his noble friend had properly asked the right hon . gent , Which was the better way to allay this ferment ; to go into , or to refuse to go into , the investigation of the abuses said to exist ? The impression on the public mind was that these abuses did exist to a great degree . He called on the house to go into the inquiry , and if they did exist to punish the persons guilty of them ; if not , to set the government to rights in the eyes of the people , by convincing them that it had been belied . This should be the conduct of the right hon . gent , whether he thought the abuses did exist or not . He ought , in either event , to feel anxious that the investigation should be gone into ; and such , the noble lord insisted , would be his conduct , if he were not afraid of inquiry . On the contrary , he , the friend and associate of the alleged culprits , was found strenuously opposing investigation of every kind . , agreeing as he did , with some of the observations of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , must differ from him in thinking that a prospective measure was all which the house or the country could require on a perusal of the evidence before them . Though he , therefore , agreed with the noble lord who brought forward the present motion in thinking that some farther inquiry , arising out of the evidence on the table , was not only proper but necessary , he must at the same time differ from him on the motion as worded . What he felt a reluctance in acceding to was in the extent of the trust which by the present motion parliament was called on to delegate to a committee . He came down to the house expecting that the motion would be for a reference to a committee to inquire into certain facts contained in the Minutes of Evidence , and pointed out by the house to the committee to be by them inquired into . As the motion stood , however , it would be for every member of that , committee to suggest to the committee what facts they should go into . This was a power which the noble lord contended could not be given to any committee , as the house was not entitled to part with any of the powers which it could exercise itself ; and he submitted , if there was any power which it could delegate to a committee , which would not be better exercised by the house itself . If he looked to the motion , it extended to every thing , and to every department . He did not say that it would not be right that such investigation should take place , if the particular facts to be inquired into , and on which the reference to a committee was founded , were pointed out and referred to ; but he could not agree to confide so general and extensive a power to any committee . His lordship was willing to support any specific motion , founded on any specific fact developed in the Minutes of Evidence , whether the motion were made by the noble lord or by any person else . In the present spirit of the public mind , he was disposed for inquiry of every kind ; but when he looked to such instances as his memory furnished him with of the house instituting general inquiries ,