to the lower world ; duties so much connected with the general state of the moral feelings . He stated a variety of circumstances in favour of the bill , and alluded to many enormous cruelties practised on animals . He meant , however , to propose some amendments , to ensure the most favourable reception of the bill from those who 806 might entertain some objections as to its practicability . He had left , to the commons the opportunity , which he did not doubt would be taken , of giving the alternative mode of punishment to the magistrate by a pecuniary fine , or a limited confinement . He intended to propose , that the magistrate should be armed with the power of summary decision , as it would be exceedingly inconvenient to oblige all prosecutions to go to quarter sessions . He begged , however that it might be remarked that there was no been , no reward whatever to be held out to , or received by any informer . He also proposed an amendment by which he wished to introduce the words `` to abuse , '' as applicable to the maltreatment of animals . Here he referred to old statutes , and seemed to think that this word , in addition to others in use , would best convey the meaning of the legislature . His lordship then adverted to some other amendments which he intended to submit , and contended against the supposed difficulty on the part of the magistrates , in deciding upon the guilt and punishment of such offences . It was the intention , coupled with the overt act , which constituted the criminality in a variety of other cases , and he saw no difficulty that was insuperable in the application of similar principles in this instance . He had limited himself in the first instance , to what he had termed `` reclaimed animals : '' he now wished to amend that expression by using the word `` tamed '' instead of reclaimed . He did not there-ferefore , endeavour by legislative measures to interfere with wild animals , and kept out of the question field sports . He was so convinced of the great importance of an unanimous vote of their lordships on the subject , instead of carrying tins question by a mere majority , that he was most desirous of hearing and of receiving any information or amendment upon the bill . With respect to bull-baiting , which had been alluded to , he could not see how those who were so desirous of continuing that practice should agree to going into the committee , and thereby acknowledging the principle of the bill . If bull-baiting was a fair sport—if it was , as he had heard it stated , for the amusement of that fine animal ; and if no wanton and malicious cruelty occurred , then the magistrate would have no such crime to punish the parties for committing . If , on the contrary , it was attended 807 with such odious circumstances , the bill would give the magistrate that salutary power which he ought to possess . was not adverse to the principle of the bill , but thought it would be advisable to limit the object of its operation . The house would do well to proceed with measured steps in a business of this nature . He should therefore advise his noble and learned friend to confine the operation of the measure , in the first instance , to beasts of draft or burthen . If afterwards it should appear that the practical effect of the bill could be obtained on a more extended scale , then would be the time to propose the extension of it . perfectly coincided in opinion with his noble and learned friend , as to the propriety of confining the bill to beasts of draught or burthen ; the horse , the ass , the ox , and mule , or any other animal that might be employed to the same purposes . Any attempt to make the bill apply to