at least five to one greater than at present . It would no longer be contended that the number of placemen in parliament had in- 949 creased , and he felt it necessary for him to state the reasons why he thought it would be improper to drive those out of parliament who were now in it . As it was evident that the house of commons must always want information on various public subjects from the members of the administration , it was much better that ministers , and persons in ostensible situations , should be spoken to in their places , as members of that house , than be brought up to the bar like culprits . The present practice experience had shewn to be a wholesome one , and if it did not at present exist , it would be beneficial now to introduce it . If no placemen were suffered to sit in parliament but the ministers themselves , it would follow that when the present generation of ministers were over , they must be succeeded by raw and inexperienced persons . This was a necessary consequence ; for it those who were acquiring knowledge of the business of government in inferior departments , were to be absolutely excluded from sitting in parliament , in what office were they to learn that necessary and constitutional part of a minister 's duty , to explain to that house the motives of their conduct , and to defend the propriety and policy of their measures ? If men were to be trained up for ministers in any other school besides that of parliament , if the crown were to look for its ministers any where but in parliament , then , indeed there might be a well founded jealousy of the power of the crown . He knew no greater security to the people for the faithful discharge of the duties of government , than that those who held high situations should have seats in that house , and be there obliged to explain the motives of their measures and conduct to the house and to the country . If we were now to set about contriving a plan to enable the crown to chuse its ministers any where out of parliament , such a plan would be most , injurious to the liberty of the country . This was now by long habit , though not by established law , the practice of the constitution , and he was convinced that it could not be changed without great public detriment . This motion would go to remove from their seats in that house many distinguished persons who held sinecure places or pensions for life , as the reward of public services performed either by themselves or their fathers . This exclusion of persons who were receiving rewards for their past services , he conceived , would be equally erroneous and unjust as 950 that of the public officers themselves . He believed it would be admitted that both in the other house of parliament and in this , there were at least as many persons holding Pensions and Sinecures who voted against ministers as for them . They , on all occasions , voted as if they had no advantages from the crown . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had marked so strongly his own pension as coming from parliament instead of his majesty , that he could not forbear from saying , that if any desire of making that house the source from whence such rewards should flow , lurked behind , he should esteem it a most lavish , and preposterous idea of remuneration , and he thus early intimated his dissent from any such proposition . The right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had himself a pension for life , and yet the present ministers had always the advantage of his vigilance and correction . There were other hon . gentlemen on the some side of the house , who , though long holding sinecures or pensions , were constantly arrayed against his majesty