the peerage , even if two steps were required in the course of one year ? If , on the death of such a minister , he transferred his powerful aid to his successor , would a minister , as stern and rigid in the discharge of his duty as lord Grenville , refuse to such a person those honours 665 of the peerage , which are mostly confined to characters who have upheld the glory of their country by the most brilliant achievements in its military service , or directed its councils in the Cabinet . Or suppose another course adopted ; that , instead of an alliance with government , he should adopt the party of opposition ; not only support them by his friends , but at a time , when no hope of returning to power remained , when their case seemed utterly hopeless , actually bring into parliament several who had once been members of administration . If by any change of fortune those ministers were again called to power , what bounds can be set to his claims , and to their honest gratitude ? what honours , what distinctions , would not be heaped upon him ? or to what office in the church , in the revenue , or in the military or naval service , would not his recommendation be considered to afford a most incontrovertible claim ? And are these imaginary cases ; or will not every one recognize their existence within his own remembrance ? However unfitting , however unseemly , the practice alledged , I do not hesitate to assert , that , in its practical effects , it is far more benefical , than if the possessor of parliamentary influence be compelled to seek a return in the way described . In the one case , a remuneration is obtained , sometimes from the innocent vanity , often from the laudable ambition , of him who enters this house . In the other , it will be sought by the pursuit of those honours , which ought only to be the reward of eminent service , or by promoting to all the offices of the state the dependents and connections of the possessors of parliamentary influence . In the one instance men come into parliament by means which we may not approve ; but , when here , are generally found to exercise their duty with a fair portion of independence and impartiality . In the other , they may enter the house in a manner to which no reproach belongs ; but , when here , they will be found to be no more than the mere organs of their patron , who , having made his arrangements with one or other party , announces his will by these his instruments . Can any man hesitate to say by which of these courses the public service will be best promoted ? But it is not only on public occasions that such an influence will be found to be mischievous ; even on questions which are more of a judical than of a public nature , in all questions that regard private rights , we 666 shall find that , as often as private bills are under discussion , the same baneful and predominating influence will assert its power ; nor is this mere speculative reasoning : every gentleman must already have felt and witnessed its operation . But the hon . gent . has conceived , that by his bill a larger portion of the landed interest will be introduced to the house . If the landed interest are to exercise the same arts in boroughs which are now supposed to be practised by the monied interest , I really do not see in what respect we shall be gainers ; and if he supposes that persons possessed of parliamentary influence will use it only in favour of their neighbours in the country , he indulges the most groundless hope . Do the present possessors of influence , who are supposed to disdain all pecuniary advantage , seek for representatives among that class of persons ?