would soon recover from their delusion , and the effect would only recoil on the heads of those who were instrumental in creating it . I firmly believe , that the best and only means of preventing the delusion of this house being unwilling to correct abuses , consist in its shewing itself ready and willing to amend itself , particularly by a measure which is prospective , and therefore most salutary , as well as best calculated to prevent the recurrence of the evil it professes to correct . The benefits likely to arise from this measure are peculiarly applicable to that species of representation , known by the description of Burgage Tenures.—It has been said , that the purchase of seats for such places , is essential for the introduction into this house of young men of superior talents , who otherwise might never find their way into it ; on the contrary , Sir , I contend that it is more likely , that talents shall come among us when seats are to be acquired by character rather than for money ; for then the people will naturally look out for such as shall appear worthy of their confidence . I find a splendid and striking example of this position in a neighbouring kingdom , to which it is my pride and my boast to belong . I allude to the conduct and practise of that revered character , the late earl of Charlemont . That nobleman it was who recommended to the borough in which he was supposed to have influence , the man I am proud to call friend , the friend of his country , the friend to human nature , Henry Grattan . He it was , that introduced this gentleman into parliament , not for his money , but for his worth , and shewing by such a selection , that in the exercise of his influence in the borough , he considered himself us holding a trust estate for the 719 public . This I heard him declare , at a public meeting , and thus had he conducted himself through the whole tenor of his life . Thus much I feel bound to say of a nobleman who is no more , but whose memory will live respected in the hearts of his countrymen . In the case before us , can we say it is not the wish of the people that some remedy should be applied ? or , in admitting that it is , is it any disgrace to give way to that wish ? To do so is not servility ; it is to treat with proper respect the fair opinion of the public , duly and regularly expressed . We are not bound to surrender up our judgment to theirs ; but we may surely doubt , when we find our opinions contrary to theirs . By looking at the matter in this point of view , we shall find our best support in the arduous circumstances of the present day ; nor would Buonaparté wish for better support in his designs against this country , than that we should say , we would not attend to the voice of the people . It has been ever the pride and glorv of our constitution , that it contains within itself the principle of its own renovation , and we should weigh well , whenever we find ourselves running counter to popular opinion , because , if ever there was a time when it was incumbent upon parliament to consult popular opinion , and to endeavour to acquire confidence by fair and legitimate means , it is the present . It is for this reason , therefore , that I take the liberty of suggesting , that we may attend to that opinion , in order that , if we find it in error , we may at least take pains to correct it . Sir , I will fairly own , that I think the people have reason to complain , that they are not sufficiently attended so . I do not mean to say