best calculated to preserve it . The object was only to raise a ferment in men 's minds , to throw discredit upon the judges of the land , and to take from our wisest establishments that public respect in which they had been held , and which they so much deserved . But the decision of our chief courts of justice , and not the speech of a man to a mob in Palace-yard , would influence that decree which their lordships , he trusted , would then , in their wisdom , give . After a number of other remarks , the hon . gent , concluded . began his reply by animadverting on the conduct of the Attorney and Solicitor General , in the bad motives they had presumed , so liberally but so unjustly , to impute to those who had advised , or were concerned in bringing before their lordships the present appeal . He solemnly denied that it was done with any intention to depreciate the character of the judges of the court of King 's Bench , at which bar he himself practised , and where the present judges , he was sure , if they had done any thing in the exercise of their judicial functions which was founded on a mistake , would be quite as willing to rectify that mistake , on being shewn the error , as any that had preceded them on that bench . He was confident that so far from this measure being considered as bearing the character attributed to it , it must be seen as one which gave the best and fairest opportunity for bringing this great question to an issue , by appealing to their lordships en dernier ressort . Nothing more was attempted to be done but what the law of the land authorised , and what the cases of the individuals required . While he should forbear from following the Attorney-General and the Solicitor-General in the field of declamation and invective into which they had wandered , he must express in some degree , his gratitude to them for the greater part of the speeches they had delivered . They put him in mind of a fable which was lately quoted by a person of eminent abilities and character , in noticing the speech of a learned gentleman in some other place ; it was the fable of the ass , who went into a field attracted by a thistle , but who went round and round about the thistle , fearful of touching it . The learned gentlemen , in like manner , went about and about it , but were extremely shy of touching on the principle of the question then before their lordships . He begged to re-state to their lordships , that the constitutional and legal principle he laid down with respect to the power of the court of King 's Bench , was this : that they had no right to send persons into imprisonment , in execution of a sentence pronounced by that court , except to the jail of the county where the offence was committed , the jail of the county where that court sat , or their own jail . He maintained that no case had been cited to destroy the truth of his positions . The exceptions were not such as could furnish a rule . 603 Hardly a case could they bring to bear on the subject that had not occurred since the Revolution , and he contended that if it was not legal to do so previous to that event , that event could not possibly make it legal . He had been told to produce an enactment to make it illegal ; but he asserted that the liberties of the subject depended not upon enactments . Enactments ought to be produced to him to shew him and their lordships that the practice had been rendered legal . This was the true principle of the constitution on such subjects . What he had said of the case of Bastwick had been observed upon with a triumphant sneer , as