present on such a scale , and under such management , as materially to augment that influence : —and next , observe the effects which Mr. Pitt 's profuse creation of Peers has produced.—Without much enriching that noble body , it has tended to impoverish us . This weight of landed property and influence has been subtracted from this house and added to another , which may fairly be supposed to direct its views more towards the crown than the people . The arguments then for restoring the purity of this house , for adding to its respectability whilst we restore its integrity , are infinitely stronger at the present , than at any former period.—Distant , however , as it is from my wish or intention , Sir , to say a word unnecessarily , that may be construed into disrespect to this house , I shall touch as slightly as may be , on the abuses proposed to be remedied . To our own Journals I may indeed refer , by which it appears , a bold petitioner has told us , `` that the Seats are bought and sold in this house like the stalls in Smithfield ; '' and I may remark , that to this insult the house thought fit to submit in silence . For my purpose it is quite sufficient to recall to memory the statement made by an hon . member , of the infamous traffic which on the dissolution of every parliament takes place at the Treasury , and the memorable reply made to that statement by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . What was that reply ? Denial ? No , no ; Recrimination . As if the example of others , or as if any pretext , could justify a crime so atrocious and flagrant.—In some former parliament , a mercantile house in the city , forsooth , also speculated in this commodity . They bought four seats ; whether to vend 358 again , in retail ; or to dispose of to some special customer , I am not informed.—In the quarter of England in which I reside , an occurrence , also in a former parliament , may be stated . A lady , whose influence in a certain borough was supposed to be considerable , was surprized by a visit from a person , naming himself Reding , or some such name . He proceeded at once to business , and offered her 10,000 guineas for the two seats . The respectable lady dismissed him with indignation . But the borough-monger , judging of others by himself , conceived that the rejection of his offer could not proceed from any other motive , than its inadequacy . He returns to the charge : bids 12,000 guineas ! This drew from the lady a reply which does honour to her memory ; `` Never have I disgraced myself with such practices : it is now too late in life for me to begin them . `` —But , Sir , if I needed any proof of the existence of these abuses besides their notoriety , I might refer to the conduct of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , witnessed by the whole house . In a bill he has introduced to stop the sale of places , & c. he consented to accept a clause inflicting penalties on the traffic in seats in this house . Here , Sir , is an avowal of the existence of the abuse . It is no answer to say that he finds difficulty in framing a clause to correct it . May not another man attempt , it ? If the right hon . gentleman maintain that no such abuses exist , then let us adopt the suggestion of an hon . gentleman behind me , and examine into the fact in a committee.—The anxious care with which the legislature has guarded the purity of election is evinced by a mere reference to the Statute-book . From the 13th Elizabeth to the 10th of the king , various laws have been passed for this very purpose : my design is