to bring the question of the Seats before the law courts ; and even with the proviso against conviction for legal expences , the court of law might hold that to be illegal which a committee would pronounce to be legal . It was , therefore , impossible to admit of the oath , 846 without a degree of precision of which he did not at present conceive the case to be capable.—The right hon . gent . then proposed his amendment , that the member guilty of purchasing his seat for money should lose it ; that the person receiving the money should forfeit the whole , be liable to a penalty of 500l . and to conviction for a misdemeanor ; with the proviso that the act should not extend to the sale of estates to which influence was attached , not to legal expences at elections . This might not be altogether satisfactory to some gentlemen , but it was as much as the house could do , with safety , in the first instance . congratulated the house upon the important information derived from the high authority ( the Speaker ) , with whose sentiments they had been favoured upon this subject . With respect to the measure which he had thought it his duty to bring forward , as it was prepared in a hurry , he was willing to admit the probability that it was very inadequate to its object . He should , therefore , be ready to pay every possible attention to any amendment that might be suggested . No difference of opinion , he perceived , appeared to exist as to the necessity of a provision of this nature . So convinced , indeed , was he of that necessity , that if asked whether he would rather have the regulations proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer than nothing , he would promptly say , that however inefficient he , considered those regulations , they should have his support . At the same time , he could not help observing , that he must consider any arrangement upon this business unequal to answer the end in view , if the oath were omitted . He did not mean to be tenacious of the particular form of oath which he had submitted , but he thought that such an oath should and could be framed , as would serve to guard against the evil complained of , and at the same time be free from the objections urged by the right hon . gent . The hon . gent . concluded , with protesting against the idea of supporting any proposition which could in any degree tend , as seemed to be the apprehension , to transfer to a court of law that jurisdiction over its own members , which ought alone to belong to that house . was of opinion , that the effect of the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's proposed succedaneum for his hon . friend 's bill , would be to vest the patronage of the 847 boroughs almost entirely in the minister of the day , and therefore he should oppose it . The right hon . gent . 's conception of the oath proposed by the bill , appeared to him very extraordinary indeed . If the crime to which the law was meant to apply was intelligible , and nothing , seemed more explicit , he could not see the difficulty of understanding the oath , or that any conscientious man could hesitate to take it . No man of common sense , indeed , could have any apology for hesitation upon the subject . He thought , however , that in order that the question should be fully considered , the bill should be re-committed , and that the regulations proposed by the right hon . gent . should stand beside the provisions of that bill , and be fairly compared with them . It was due to the character of the house , and the opinion of the public , particularly after recent transactions , that this business should be thoroughly investigated