the engagements which he has contracted with his allies . '' rose and observed , that it was a matter of public regret that the female part of that gallant general 's family were not provided for in such manner as could be wished ; and requested to know whether any measures had been taken for that 409 purpose , in consequence of what had fallen from the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) on a former night . answered , that it was certainly the intention of government to make the kind of provision now alluded to by the noble lord ; but on this being intimated to the female part of general Moore 's family , they expressed a wish that any provision intended for them might be transferred to a male branch of their family ; and it was therefore the intention of his majesty 's ministers to recommend that the provision be made for the brother of sir John Moore , whom the rest of the family wished to receive it . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to call the attention of the house to the contents of the Third Report of the Committee on Public Offices . Though aware , that in bringing this subject under the consideration of parliament , he was bus barely doing a duty , yet , if the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) who had taken so large a part in framing the Report in the Committee , had shown any disposition to take up the question , or if his majesty 's ministers had , since the commencement of the present session , manifested any intention to bring forward any measures with a view to act upon the suggestions of the Report , he should never have thought of interfering with the subject . He should , therefore , be exempt from the odium of bringing forward the subject unseasonably , because the Resolutions which he meant to propose would have a tendency to assist in carrying the Resolutions of that house , into effect , and to comply with the recommendations given by his majesty in various Speeches from the throne . The house , in passing the Resolutions to which he adverted , and in appointing the Committee which had made this Report , had given a pledge to the public to prosecute a reform in the public expenditure , so far as was consistent with the public service ; for he could not suppose , that the only use , for which Committees were appointed , was to make reports to lie on their table , without leading to any practical reform of the abuses which might be detected . The appointment of the Committee , therefore , was a pledge on the part of the house , that every reform would be promoted which could be effected without detriment to the public expenditure . It would be for the house , then , to see what the Report contained , and to judge how the suggestions it 410 recommended could be acted upon for the public service . The Report referred to pensions , sinecures , offices performed by deputy , and compensations for pensions , the annual amount of which exceeded one million and a half . This was the state of the fact , as appeared from the Report ; and as several other offices had not been returned , and the sum inserted in the Report was exclusive of the duchy of Lancaster , which , in the language of Mr. Burke , though not affording a revenue of more than four or five thousand pounds , gave rise to a patronage of fifty thousand pounds , it would be obvious , that this aggregate was under the real amount . He was not prepared to state , that by any measures he could propose , any considerable portion of this sum could be reduced . But when they were hourly called upon to augment the public burthens , when they reflected upon the enormous increase of the public debt within the last six years , they