of human power to resist , which no foresight could anticipate ; no possible combination guard against . But , if he could demonstrate that they had been the inevitable consequence of their incapacity and mismanagement ; if he could prove that these disasters had arisen from any other cause , and this he pledged himself to do from the documents they had themselves produced , then their excuse would fall to the ground . If blame attached any where , it was either to them , or to our allies ; and ministers were so circumstanced , that they could not undertake to justify themselves , unless by an attack upon these allies , or their own friends . If so , he should leave it to the country and to the world to decide what credit ought to be given to those who , after having so conducted , should so defend themselves . After the hurricane , that had laid Europe prostrate , had nearly completed and confirmed the destruction of the nations of the continent ; when the clouds that accompanied it were even bearing towards our own shores , the Spanish revolution presented a bright and unexpected gleam of 442 hope and restoration , not like the meteor which shines with temporary splendour , but like the clear and steady ray that is the harbinger of an opening auspicious dawn ; not like the volcano which spreads terror , ruin , and desolation around , but like that heavenly fire which cheers the gloom of despair , and lights the way over the wilderness . Then a new day-star seemed to have arisen , the auspicious omen of deliverance to Europe ; —and but one wish pervaded the country—to promote the generous cause ; but one regret was felt—that we could not all participate in the glorious struggle . When under such circumstances his majesty 's ministers undertook to assist Spain , if there had been any man in the country base enough to regret that the task had not been left to their political opponents , or to wish , from such a feeling , that the sanguine prospects then contemplated should terminate in disappointment , his revenge was complete . The first act of this unfortunate campaign consisted in the expedition to Portugal—that specimen of the noble lord 's power of combination , in which general had been sent after general , in such unaccountable but rapid succession , when neither was acquainted with the plans or instructions of the other , and when the manner in which the whole had been concerted and executed had made us a mockery even to the enemy whom we had beaten . This was the first effort of his majesty 's ministers ; the second was the direction of the British army towards Spain . And here he must observe , that those who could not justify , but wished to excuse the Convention of Cintra , founded their excuse upon the necessity of expdeiting the march of the British army to Spain . Even sir A. Wellesley had asserted that if the army had been detained by the prosecution of military operations against the enemy in Portugal , it could not be ready to march into Spain before December . Yet it was somewhat curious to find , that , notwithstanding that very Convention , which was thus justified on the ground of expediting the march of the British army into Spain , it was not till that very December that the British army was able to act , in Spain . Thus it appeared , that what was apprehended as the consequence of protracted warfare in Portugal , had actually resulted from the inactivity , the want of all energy , and the gross want of foresight , on the part of his majesty 's ministers . By this they had shewn , that they were 443 as little capable of gathering the bright harvest of laurels arising from conquest , as they were of gleaning benefit by experience from the barren field of disaster . The only proof they had given of their