, an honourable distinction , the very rarity of which constituted its chief value . This was not the kind of case in which the country had been accustomed to vote monuments ; it was not that great and signal victory of vast national importance , by which the gratitude and the enthusiasm of the country were wound up to such a pitch , as in fact to run before the house in the wish of distinguishing the memory of the deceased . said , that on occasions such as the present , it had been the invariable practice of parliament to vote its thanks to those who distinguished themselves in the service . There was a class of actions which he said was not at all inferior in importance to those of a general nature , he meant actions between individual vessels . There was no species of merit greater than that of individuals , on such occasions . In the present instance , death ensued to the individual , but it was death connected with victory , and met by the opposition of an inferior to a superior force . The principle of the present motion he should consider not only as fair , but extremely advantageous to the interests of the navy . Had it not been brought forward by his hon . friend , he would himself most eagerly have undertaken it . concurred in the original motion , and thought the country had no ground for disagreeable sensations , in the apprehension of such a consequence as that predicted by the right hon . gent . ; namely , that if we were to vote too frequently distinctions of this sort , we were in danger of being overwhelmed with monuments to the brave , whose valour would call for such honourable distinction in death . On the contrary , he feared we were rather too niggardly of our honourable distinctions to the army and navy , 612 and he only regretted that the plan for stablishing distinct orders of honour in the navy , which was arranged , digested , and every thing but adopted by his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) previous to his death , was not now in operation . followed upon the same side , and said , that it had been admitted that since the year 1760 , there had been but four instances of the same service . Had captain Hardinge survived that glorious victory , his majesty no doubt would have made him an object of the royal favour : as he had fallen , that house ought not to refuse him the only mark of public gratitude , that they now could confer upon his memory . thought , that if they were to erect monuments to every heroic officer that fell in the service , they would have to raise buildings , in the first instance , to contain their monuments . professed as high a sense of the merits of captain Hardinge , as any gentlemen who heard him ; but he thought it necessary to draw some line of distinction . Captain Cook had got no monument ; captain Farmer , who was blown up in his ship , the Quebec , disdaining to quit his post , though inevitable death was the result , had got no monument . He could not agree to this motion , though at the same time he did not wish to give it a direct negative . He should therefore move the previous question . supported the original motion . thought it would be cruel to stop the practice in this particular case . The respect of the country to their memories was the only reward which the brave men who fell in its defence could receive . did not conceive by the present vote , that the value of the honour would be at all diminished . He thought the monument ought to be voted , and that unanimously and honourably . bore his testimony to the particular merits of captain Hardinge . After a few words from sir C. Pole