cases and precedents , all occurring since the Revolution , but a great part of them since the year 1786 , for the purpose of shewing that the court of King 's Bench had exercised a discretionary and legal power in committing offenders to prison in different and distant places from the scene of the offence or the session of the court , and that it ordered up delinquents from distant parts to be tried , at its bar , and caused the infliction of punishments in different places as it deemed expedient ; and in the exercise of those powers it was always undisturbed and unquestioned ; and he dwelt upon the instance of lord Thanet 's committal to the Tower of London for an offence committed in the county of Kent , as a proof that it was not the poverty of the offender that prevented him from calling the authorities of the court intolearned counsel for the Plaintiffs upon the security required from them , and the difficulties they would labour under in consequence , he said , `` I dare say if the learned gent . 's clients were to ask him whether such and such a particular act would not incur a forfeiture , that his answer would be , ' I will not tell any man who contemplates a seditious publication , or meditates any other illegal act , how near he may go , and yet clear the law ; how near the wind he might go without endangering himself ! ' '' The security required , he observed , was to guard against future libellous publications , the better to protect the public peace against future probable invasions of it , and proceeded on the same grounds and principles that various other sentences of the kind were pronounced . The Attorney-General having concluded , the Lord-Chancellor moved , that the further hearing be adjourned to Thursday.—Ordered . observed , that understanding a report had gone abroad , that the case which he felt it his duty to submit to the consideration of the house in the course of last week , was brought forward at the in- 598 stigation of Mr. Dick , he thought it proper to state , that his information upon that subject was derived from another quarter , and that he had not brought the business before the house either at the instigation or with the concurrence of Mr. Dick . said , that being a relation of the gentleman whose name had been just mentioned , and having been long a friend of his and his father 's , he had received a letter from him upon that subject , to which the hon . member alluded , from which letter the right hon . gent , read the following extract : `` I beg to assure you that the statement of lord Castlereagh having suggested to me that I ought to resign my seat rather than vote against the Duke of York , is totally unfounded . '' ( Sir Thomas Plomer ) , spoke for about two hours in defence of the right of the court of King 's Bench to pronounce such a sentence as it had done in the case of White and Hart , the editor and printer of the weekly newspaper called the `` Independent Whig , '' who had been convicted of a libel on that court in the administration of justice . He contended that there was no foundation for the theory laid down by the learned gentleman ( Mr. Clifford ) on the other side , on Tuesday last , when he attempted to maintain that the court of King 's Bench had no right to execute its sentence except in a gaol of the county wherein the offence was committed , a gaol in a county where the court actually sat , or their own peculiar gaol . He reviewed the historical part of that learned gentleman 's speech , and examined his arguments as drawn from the instances of distant imprisonment in virtue of sentences passed by the court of Star Chamber . He controverted the