which had fallen from an hon . member ( Mr. Whitbread ) respecting his connection , as a fellow-labourer , with Mr. John Bowles in a publication some years back . He declared that he had never any acquaintance with Mr. Bowles . His literary taste , he believed , might be different from that of the hon . member . Hs had seen the hon . member 's sixpenny pamphlet , and he must in truth say , that in that sort of department Mr. Bowles beat the hon . member out and out . Perhaps , however , in point of honesty and sincerity , the hon . member might be superior . He ( Mr. Canning ) thought himself no more amenable to the hon . member for his share in the work alluded to , in which Mr. Bowles co-operated , than Mr. W. for his oratorical exertions in Westminister-hall was amenable to him in that house , where he had the good fortune and honour to sit with him . spoke with much force and animation on the duty the house owed to its own character , and to the public , to come to a decision on the merits of these Commissioners . He thought the object of ministers was to do any thing that might suit their purposes , not to prevent that house from doing any act that might gain them credit with the public . The Attorney-General , or the 325 Privy Council , might do something , but the house of commons was to be deprived of the opportunity of acquiring or reviving the public estimation in which it ought to be held . He hoped and trusted that he should be that night in a majority . in order to obviate the objections to the several Resolutions , proposed to consolidate them in one , and in such terms as should meet general approbation . The Resolution he proposed to substitute for them was as follows : `` That . the Commissioners appointed in the year 1795 for the disposal of captured Dutch property , taking advantage of the neglect of the government to enquire into their proceedings , have , without authority , appropriated to their own use large and unreasonable profits ; that they have privately taken interest on large balances of money which ought to have been lodged in the Bank of England ; that they have refrained from giving correct and explicit information respecting the interest so taken to the Committee appointed for enquiring into the Public Expenditure ; and that they have thereby been guilty of a great violation of their public duty . '' said , that the question which he rose to bring forward related entirely to the discouragement of seductive adultery ; a vice , which carries a sense of disgrace and distress into the families both of the seducer and of the victim of seduction ; depriving the innocent children of the affections and protection of their parents ; and exhibiting in the higher classes a depravity which lowers them in the public estimation , and at the same time tends to corrupt the minds and morals of the interior orders of society.—It had long been matter of regret to many , that a vice of such malignity and mischief is not yet considered by our laws as a crime . We provide rigorously and industriously for the punishment of a long list of trivial offences against the persons and properties of individuals : but we totally overlook the assassins of domestic happiness . Adultery is subject only to the feeble coercion of the spiritual courts ; in other words , it is left to its full range unrestrained and unheeded . The adulterer , indeed , may be compelled by a civil action to pay a pecuniary compensation , which in many cases the injured husband is ashamed to receive , and which in no case has the effect that a solitary impri- 327 sonment of two or three years would have for the purposes of reform and of example . Under these impressions , he ( Lord Auckland