betrayed a confirmed disposition to depreciate all public men , as well as a total disinclination to accept and pursue any system of Reform , haying moderation for its principle and basis . But , as he said before , it was not from such meetings that he collected the sense of the people . It was impossible for him not to look round the country , and to hear the expression of public opinion echoed from every corner of it . With respect to the objection against the indefinite nature of his motion , he would say , that the form in which it was submitted to the house was not of his dictation . On that subject he had consulted some of the ablest men in the house , and particularly the distinguished character in the Chair . He must again disclaim for himself any connection with tavern meetings . The hon . member thought wrong of him if he supposed he thought differently of the late meeting at the Crown and Anchor from himself.—After the very able explanation given of the bill by the right hon . gent . below him , he should not trespass on the indulgence of the house by any further observations . He must , however , again repeat , that the object of the bill was to prevent the obtaining of seats in parliament by direct , flagrant , palpable corruption , and not to do away the operation of influence . He could not believe that any member of that house , any man in the country , would be capable of an act so immoral as the violation of the sanction he meant to propose . He knew that he had great difficulties to encounter , but he trusted , with the assistance of the house , he should be able to surmount them . His bill would have no reference to the act of William and Mary , commonly called the Treating Act . The question being put , the motion was carried ; and Mr. Curwen , Mr. Ponsonby , sir A. Pigott , sir S. Romilly , lord Folke- 380 stone , Mr. Windham , and others , were ordered to prepare and bring in the bill . brought in a Bill for the more effectual Prevention of Cruelty towards Animals . The Bill was read a first time , and ordered to be printed ; and his lordship gave notice that on Monday , if it were then printed , he would fix a day for the second reading . rose to bring forward the motion of which he had given notice some days ago , relating to corrupt practices of the Treasury with respect to the return of Members to Parliament . He observed , that he was fully aware that he had no claim on the attention of the house , but that which he derived from the very important nature of the subject that he felt it his duty to lay before them . The task he had undertaken was most ungracious and unpleasant ; and nothing but a strong sense of public duty should have induced him to place himself in the situation of becoming the accuser of any man . It would not be necessary for him to trespass long upon the indulgence of the house . The substance of the motion he meant to propose lay in a very narrow compass . It consisted in a charge of corrupt practices against two of its members . He wished only to be permitted to make one prefatory observation , and it was this , that the facts that came to his knowledge were so dangerous , so prejudicial to the genuine spirit and principles of the constitution , that he would have justly merited to be stigmatized as a traitor to his country if he had declined to lay them before the house . Before he proceeded further , he would move that the several entries on the Journals relating to the proceedings against the two Shepherds , members of that house , be read . [ The clerk here