dwelt upon the necessity of a general reform , as arising from recent opinions which had sprung from disclosures made by a recent investigation ; but here he had to observe , that although public opinion , when legitimately pronounced , was always to be respected , yet the influence that was supposed to have guided that house on that decision , might in a great measure , have been misunderstood . For other causes than what were imputed to corruption : for other predilections than those which were supposed to be then acted upon tended to that decision . It spoke of the power of that house in terms not to be misconceived . It proved that there was nothing so high that might not be brought under the jurisdiction of that house . It proved that even the intimation of its disapprobation had produced as great an effect as could have been brought about by its most direct and severe animadversion . Good God ! was this , then , the period to suppose that the character of the house of commons was lost ; and that every , the most hazardous , experiment should be made to relieve it ? Still it was the character and the influence of that house that achieved all our blessings , and distinguished the character and the condition of this country from that of any other country in the world ; and was the source from which such blessings flowed to be described only as corrupt , to be stigmatized only as a sink of corruption , an object of alarm and disgust ? Of whatever atoms such a body was composed , whether it was the result of some grand design , or merely the offspring of their fortuitous concurrence , it mattered not : Out of it grew the marked character , the vital principle which distinguished this country from all others , and which operated as the perennial source of blessings unknown to any other nation . Was this a thing to be wantonly or wicked trifled with ? The right hon . gent . concluded , by suggesting a mode of combining in one both the original motion and the amendments that were proposed to it . protested against the doctrine of that night , which posterity would reprobate . When it should hear that a house of commons was found so debased as to acknowledge the existence of corruption in its formation , and justify the existence of it . ( Cries of withdraw , withdraw , and violent uproar ) . It was at least consistent for those , said the hon . member , to drown , if possible , the discussion of men who opposed them . Convinced , as they must be , that such conduct as they pursued that night , could neither bear inquiry , argument , or the touchstone of common integrity . thought the house bound to reflect upon the alledged interference of lord Castlereagh , with the vote of Mr. Dick upon a judicial question of high importance . [ No , No , from the ministerial benches ] . If the fact be not so , why not inquire ? [ No , No , from the same quarter ] . I repeat the words—If the fact be not so , why not inquire ? and if with the question thus put to you , you refuse to inquire , the country will not fail to form its own decision . stated , that on a former occasion , when he opposed himself to the general motion of a noble lord ( Folkestone ) , because it did not state some definite grounds , he had then the honour of being cheered by his majesty 's ministers and their adherents . Their objection then was , —your motion is too wide-wasting , too indefinite , and therefore we oppose it ; but give us something in a tangible shape and we will withdraw our resistance ? Here then was something in a tangible shape ; here was specific corruption offered to be proved against two members