overlooked by that house . But the offence of the noble lord was not single : he had offended not only as a minister of the country , but as a President of the Board of Controul ; as a minister he ought not to have sought to purchase a Seat in that house—as a President of the Board of Controul he ought not to have proffered a Writership for that Seat.—Here , then , there was a complicated crime . Suppose even this abuse was not unusual , for that reason the house ought now to interpose and not allow a minister of the crown to employ public property ( for offices were public property ) , in such a way for any private end whatever . It was idle to draw a distinction that made the offence worse , by making it more alarming . Government , it was said , had a right to use its patronage in its own support—then why not all patronage , civil , military , ecclesiastic—and for what was any government to be allowed the right of calling forth all its patronage on this specious principle of self-defence ? Why , to model the parliament to the government—all this was to be done to new-model the parliament ? The house had , upon a late instance , shewn a laudable jealousy of corrupt practices—how could they now reconcile that jealousy with a connivance at this principle ? Were the ministers to be permitted that which would be criminal in any individual , and that , too , on the principle that their power might not be weakened—the power that perhaps gave the nerve to their abuses ? This was to dread the streamlets of corruption , and at the same time to brave its inundation . This he applied merely to what was called government patronage ; but as to the noble lord he had confessed his crime ; it could not be passed over , though he ( Mr. Grattan ) acquitted him of the intention to the extent of which the crime was capable . The house had before it the whole of the case and defence . A Writership might have been given to facilitate a return to parliament . The noble lord had not denied that offence , but denied any intention of attacking the freedom of parliament . He thought that it was not possible that the house could refuse to affix upon such a transaction the reprobation due to it . said , that however he might expose himself to censure , he thought it would be not only a breach of public , but of private duty , did 238 he not rise to deliver his sentiments on a question that so nearly concerned a valued friend . He thought , from the first , that there would be no difference of opinion respecting the facts in the case , and the law applicable to those facts . But the question , he apprehended , before the house was , whether the case was such as required the judgment of the house . The functions of that house consisted not merely in their judicial capacity , but also in their capacity as prosecutors ; and they were , therefore , competent to judge whether under all the circumstances of the case it was requisite or necessary that they should take any proceedings on this question , which might tend to their pronouncing a distinct judgment upon a transaction never completed , and at the distance of two parliaments back . He complimented the candid statement of the last speaker . He admitted his facts and his law , but doubted the necessity of proceeding upon either . He hoped the animadversions of that right hon . gent . would be sufficient , respecting what had been adverted to by another hon . member ( Mr. W. Smith ) who had alluded to measures connected with the Union , and who seemed desirous of bringing them to bear upon this question.—And here he could not but repel the insinuation made by the noble lord who moved