public service , and who never think for a moment of merit or demerit , or of any thing-else , but of providing for those , whom , for some reason or other , they wish to serve . So , in respect to pecuniary abuse or waste , it is no great compliment to a Chancellor of the Exchequer to suppose that he is desirous of making the taxes as productive as possible . We need not look to his virtue or sense of duty as a security for this endeavour . His own interest will be a 763 sufficient pledge , and particularly that interest which it is most the fashion to throw in the teeth of public men , namely , the desire of keeping his office . The crime of government , therefore , in almost all these instances , is that of not being able , with all its efforts , animated even with the strongest sense of self interest , to prevent the crimes of others . The people in all quarters and by all opportunities are preying upon the public , and then make it the reproach of the government that it has not the power to prevent them . Such a reproach might , it is confessed , be well founded , if a failure in the performance of this task on the part of government , proceeded from neglect , remissness , or want of proper zeal . But besides that interest , as was before observed , concurs here with duty , let us see how the matter stands , on a consideration of what would be in the power of government , supposing exertion to be pushed to the utmost . What is the sense of supposing that government must be able to do with respect to the public , what no man is able to do in his own affairs and family ? Who is there that can boast to have established a system of superintendance so complete , or to be blessed with a set of servants of such rare honesty and so attached to his interest , as not to leave him a prey to innumerable abuses , greater or less , in his stables , his still-room , his kitchen , his butler 's pantry , in every department in short of his household ? If this is the case of men acting in the management of their own private affairs , and may be predicated , with truth probably , of every domestic establishment in the kingdom , down even to the most limited , what shall we say of the reasonableness of the expectation , that any zeal or strictness in thirty or forty persons , ( or in ten times that number , ) who can be described with any propriety as forming the executive government , shall be able to exclude abuses from the innumerable subordinate departments , over which they are to preside ? The amount of abuse , be it observed , incident to establishments , does not increase merely with the size of the establishment , so as for the abuse in larger establishments to bear the same proportion only to the establishment itself , as in smaller ones ; but rises at a much greater rate ; first , because the superintending power , the number of persons having a direct interest in the well-being of the whole , can not be multiplied in the proportion of the establishment : secondly , because the 764 parts are further removed from observation ; thirdly , on account of the complication and mixture of interests which increases beyond the increase of the number of objects ; and lastly , from the greater laxity apt to prevail in respect to frauds upon large funds , compared with what may be hoped towards funds more limited . We see every day what a total want of feeling there is about the expenditure of money , which , being money of the public , seems to belong to nobody . This indifference about expending will be attended with a correspondent laxity in