1l . 0s . 9d . made a total charge of 6l . 3s . 10½d . per cent , being less than the charge incurred upon a similar operation last year ; and this though the operation in the present year was considerably larger , ( being nearly double ) than that of last year . The loan of last year amounted to eight millions , and was raised at an interest of 4l . 14s . 6½d . per cent , while the loan of the present year , amounting to more than fourteen millions , had been raised at an interest of 4l . 12s . 10d . It would consequently be a satisfaction to the committee to perceive , that , notwithstanding the circumstances of the country , notwithstanding the increasing difficulties of , and the unavoidable increase in the public expenditure , yet the pressure had not borne upon the wealth of the country so as to disable it from making those exertions which the exigencies of the times called for , and the pressure of the war required . It was a proud consideration for the country , that though the financial operations required for the present year were so much greater than those of the last year , still , even under the increased and increasing pressure of the war , the terms upon which they had been effected were more advantageous than in any former instance , a circumstance which manifested opening prospects of prosperity , and shewed the preference given by those , whose opinions usually governed such transactions , to the circumstances and character of the present period . If the Sinking Fund were included in the estimate of the terms of the loan in both years , it would give a charge upon the loan of last year of 5l . 18d . 2d . per cent , whilst the charge upon the loan raised in the present year did not exceed 5l . 17s . 2½d . ; and including the terms upon which the whole sums were raised in each year respectively , the comparison of charge was upon 13,693,253l . raised last year 6l . 0s . 9d . per cent , upon the sum of 21,200,000l . raised in the present year , 5l . 19s . 11d . per cent , being an advantage of 10½d . per cent , in favour of the present year . This comparison he felt it necessary to make for the satisfaction of the committee , and in order to shew that though the circumstances of the times required an increased expenditure , and additional 535 sacrifices , yet the confidence of the public bad not been depressed , but was enhanced . In addition to this statement respecting the circumstances of the loan , and the increased confidence of the monied market , he had the satisfaction to add , that the gentlemen Who had taken the loan were not likely to lose by if , as it was already , as he was informed , at a premium of 1½ per cent.—Having stated the amount of the total annual charge to be 1,146,566l it became his duly , in the next place , to stale the manner in which he proposed to defray that charge . When he had last year proposed some taxes , in addition to the means that had fallen in within the year , he mentioned that he was induced to that proceeding , by the consideration , that it was better to supply by new taxation the difference between the means that existed , and the sum necessary for the charge of the year , than to act upon the principle , which had been adopted by the noble lord opposite ( lord H. Petty ) , about two years ago , which principle he had acted upon in the preceding parliament . The principle upon which that noble lord had proceeded was , that it would be more desirable to apply to the war taxes for three successive , years than to resort to any new sources of taxation .