dislike the payment of taxes . Now what is it that carries the taxes to this immense amount ? A common man would say , the immense amount of the civil and military establishments of a great empire extending over half the world ; the numbers of civil officers necessary to carry on its business in time of peace , and the armies and navies , with all their attendant train of expenses , to provide for its security in case of war . But , No , say the band of patriots here alluded to , the objects here stated are , to be sure , such as can not be provided for but at considerable expense . Wars 756 can not be carried on , armies and navies can not be maintained , without money . But these expenses alone might well be borne : what sinks the country is the waste ful expenditure of the public money in jobs and corruption , in sinecure places and pensions . It is the abuses that undo us : the abuses that we must correct : and as it is parliament that sanctions , if it is not itself the great seat of , the abuses , it is parliament that we must correct and reform . The argument is perfectly regular , and the conclusion inevitable , if you admit the several antecedent positions on which it is made to rest . The statement contains in it too all that is necessary to give it effect . A willing audience will never be wanting to statements which hold out a hope of exempting men from the necessity of paying.—Once persuade them that all their payments and burdens are the consequence of abuse or mismanagement in some part of the government , and you produce a state of feeling adequate to almost any purpose for which it can be wanted . Taxes and abuses , joined , generate a kind of expansive force , that will burst asunder even the best compacted governments . The abuses , too , serve to give a direction to the discontent and angry feeling , produced in the first instance by the taxes . They stand in the place of the abstract rights of a few years ago , and are the last improvement made in the machine for overturning states , from which it is conceived to derive a much greater heft and purchase , than in its old form of ' taxes and the rights of man . ' A number of persons are accordingly in a constant state of active search , prying about among the establishments , and winding round like a wood-pecker round a tree , in the hopes of finding some unsound part into which they may strike their beaks and begin to work : but not like the honest woodpecker , who is only in search of the grubs and worms on which to make a meal , and is at least indifferent as to the fate of the tree . They on the contrary only take the grubs and worms for their pretext , and hare for their ultimate object , to open a hole . into , which the wet and the rot may enter , and by which the tree , the British oak , ( a beautiful shaft of I know not how many load , and the growth of ages ) may decay and perish . Did their labour really terminate in their professed purpose , did they really mean only to pick off the vermin that prey upon the state , they might be as useful as crows and jack- 757 daws to a flock of sheep : or should share the higher honours , which are paid , in countries infested by locusts , to the bird that rids them of that destructive insect . But to merit these honours , their endeavours must be directed to far different objects , be carried on in a very different manner , and be dictated by far different motives . Let us consider what it is that is comprehended under this general