the present motion , he must assure him that if such motives were justified , those who supported the motion were actuated by inducements wholly different . For instance , if he thought that the present motion tended to the success of the question of Parliamentary Reform , he would have been the first to oppose it ; because he was free to say , that from its adoption he could not foresee any practical benefit . He still was impressed with the necessity of correcting public abuses , and none more imperatively called for correction , as none were more dangerous , than palpable and trident interferences of the king 's ministers in obtaining the return of members to that house . In giving such an opinion , and whilst he voted for the motion in part , he still , in whatever way it was decided , should not think one jot the worse of either of the right hon . gentlemen accused , or that they were in any degree more criminal than all former governments . The evil ought , however , to cease , and any prospective remedy should have his support . As leading to that object he was anxious to refer the consideration of this charge either to a Parliamentary Commission or to a Select Committee , convinced that the greatest injury had evinced itself by giving a parliamentary strength to a government which did not possess the confidence of the people . The noble lord concluded by moving as an Amendment , That in place of the words `` at the bar , '' the said Charge be referred to a Select Committee . observed , that , it was the duty of every man to make a stand now , in support of the dignity of that house , and of the happiness of the people . He did not wish to see every public man , who was at present , or might at any time be employed in the administration of government , vilified and calumniated , and themselves thus rendered incapable of serving their country ; therefore he should object to the motion . Would the hon . member stop here ? would he be satisfied with his present victims ? Certainly not : more , many more , would be brought to be filtered through the vessel of Reform . He did not wish to see a new order of things . He did not wish to see the valuable time of that house taken up in censorial proceedings against its own members , instead of being engaged in forwarding the public business . He had heard much of the sense of the people . No man valued the approbation of the people more than he did , or regretted their disapprobation more ; but this was a case in which he could not suffer himself to be influenced by any thing but his own impressions . He should give the motion his decided negative . rose to oppose the motion , not from any partiality to the individuals who were the objects of it , but from a partiality to the constitution of the country , because those individuals formed a part of the executive government under this constitution . If this proceeding should be adopted against the present government , a similar proceeding might be directed against any other government . The hon . gent . who brought forward this motion had stated that he was no party-man . Did the hon . member mean by that declaration , that he did not agree in the opinions of the great body of those who sat on the same side of the house with him ? If he did , he had stated a great truth . But there was another party , to which he did not know whether the hon . member belonged ; nor should he be solicitous to inquire , if the motion of the hon . gent . was calculated to promote the views of that party . The object of that party was to level every thing that was above