, but that a period of war altered the circumstances ; and that an order had been immediately sent out to fix a higher rate . This the hon . gent . denied , and asserted that on the contrary , an order had been published , in l805 , confirming the same rates of freight that had been established in June 1803 . The merchants , considering these as binding upon the Company , had made their arrangements accordingly . The hon . chairman had stated , that no extra ships had arrived in India in the years 1805–6 , because these ships had been turned aside from their destination , for political purposes , over which the directors had no controul . But this was one of the hardships of which the private merchants particularly complained . They were unable to procure a supply of ships independent of the Company . They made their arrangements in reliance upon the Company ; and then , when they most wanted vessels , the ships were taken away for political purposes , leaving the merchant completely in the lurch . This was an extreme hardship , and one to which the private merchant ought not , in any view , to be subjected ; 968 but more especially when the Company , by the act of 1793 , was bound to afford every facility and accommodation . The hon . gent . next stated , that in 1806 it so happened that the Company had some spare Tonnage in their regular ships , and in these , therefore , the property of private merchants was conveyed from India to this country . The private merchants of course thought that as they had no alternative , they would only be subject to the rates of freight which the Company had promulgated . But when the goods arrived in this country they were charged with 44l . per ton , which as the directors had the power of exacting in their own hands , the merchants were forced to pay . He had before called this injustice and oppression , and he would now add that it was fraud likewise , because the directors had employed the power which they possessed to violate their own agreement , and to disappoint the just expectations of the private merchants . Mr. Prendergast proceeded to observe , that from 1805 till July 1807 , no other advertisement had been published ; and consequently in the year 1806 and part of 1807 , the private merchants naturally concluded that they would be permitted to convey their property at the old rates . But to all this the hon . chairman had replied , that a specific bargain had been made by the merchants with the government of Bengal . He ( Mr. Prendergast ) himself was on the spot ; he was a good deal interested , and yet he had heard nothing of any such bargain . He then remarked , that the directors had written to the governor-general in 1807 , fixing the rates for the previous three years . The hon . gent . read the rates ; season 1804 , 30l . per ton in regular ships ; season 1805 , 32l . per ton in regular ships , and 22l . in extra ships ; season 1806 , 26l . per ton in extra ships , and 30l . 10s . in regular ships . Not satisfied with the agreement which they had made with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , for the accommodation of the Private Trade , they had sent out orders to their government in India to charge these high rates of freight there , while here , by the strong arm of power , they charged treble the rate which they themselves had fixed . An hon . gent . below ( Mr. Wallace ) had , on a former occasion , characterized his conduct as unjust ; but when the house considered the facts which he had now stated , he was satisfied it would allow that he was fully warranted in retorting the accusation , and