. gent . was ready to say that his bill went to admit small stills of 50 gallons content to work . So it did ; but what purpose would it avail to have such a power given in one clause , if in the next such regulations were laid down that would break any man who attempted to work a small still . It was absurd to hold out such a concession , for no man in his senses could for a moment conceive it possible for a small still to work , so long as the bounty of 16 per cent . was given to a person working a 1,500 gallon still ; who , even without the bounty , would , in consequence of his large capital , and the large scale of his work , have great advantages over the person working a small still . He said that it was of vast importance to the Irish members , and the people of Ireland , that the decision of the house should be a correct one ; because , if the system of the right hon . gent , was to be persevered in , the same deficiency of revenue was still to be calculated upon ; and as this had been computed at two millions , it stood to reason that new taxes would be imposed to provide for this deficiency , whereas if a system was adopted , by which the whole duty on spirits made in Ireland could be collected , no necessity would exist for any new taxes , so far as a sum to this amount was in question . He also said , that the licence system proposed was attended with this peculiar advantage , that but few excise officers would be wanting to assist in collecting the duties ; and this was a circumstance which rendered it peculiarly applicable to Ireland , because the only justification which the right hon . gent . could advance when a charge was lately made by a right hon . baronet near him against an officer , was , that every other 580 officer of the excise had been equally culpable.—He said he thought that the hon . member who spoke immediately preceding him , had taken a wrong view of the subject , when he said that he conceived this bill might be considered in the committee so as to meet the wishes of the Irish members ; in his opinion , if it even got into a committee , no such amendment could be made to it , because the alteration which was desired , went to a repeal of all the laws by which the duty on spirits was now charged , and the enactment of a new law , founded upon a new principle.—He hoped , therefore , that this opportunity would not be thrown away of getting rid of a bill , which could never provide an effectual remedy for the evil complained of . said , it was admitted that the laws on this subject wanted amendment : he knew that they did , and it was an object that the bill should go to a committee to find out the best mode . There was not one clause in the bill contrary to the opinion of the committee ; there was a clause expressly for the encouragement of small stills , and if any gentleman wished to read the clause , he would read it to him [ a laugh ] . The right hon . gent . then read the clause , and argued that it was one of the leading principles of the bill to license small stills . His object for introducing it was , that it would afford a market throughout the country for small farmers to sell their corn . Whether the duties were raised by survey or licence , he was sure they could never be collected without the co-operation of gentlemen and farmers , but he would make great sacrifices to public opinion , to forward the object in view . He concluded with recommending to the house to