that each man 's opinions will be found to lean to that state of things , which he conceives to be the most favourable to his own consequence . Political consequence is probably a far more powerful , as it is a far more extensive motive , than prospects of private advantage . The numbers may be few , who can hope to better themselves by any change , in a pecuniary view : and these will of course be found in general among persons of no great authority from their present wealth or station . But many will have in their minds ; and the highest in rank and fortune not less than others ; some scheme of things , in which they may hope to become more considerable in point of general consequence . And if such men should be , as they are the most likely to be , men of ardent and daring minds , jealous of their importance , eager for distinction , impatient of controul , less awed by the fear of loss than sanguine in their hopes of gain , materials will not be wanting for furnishing out a revolution even from among the higher orders ; in opposition to that childish notion , so false even in theory , and so contrary to all experience , that men will not engage in such enterprises who have much to lose , or as it is often expressed , have a great stake in the country . Here- 752 tofore , in fact , disturbances in the state were confined entirely to the class that had much to lose , namely , to persons in the highest rank of society ; and though , since the example of the French revolution , this limitation is done away , and the lottery of revolution thrown open even to adventurers of the lowest denomination , yet the rich are not excluded , and we see every day that they are not at all disposed to exclude themselves . For though the French revolution exhibits the most striking example of failure , that the lovers of right could ever have wished to the authors of wrong ; yet this failure relates only to the professed objects , the peace and happiness and liberty of mankind . In other respects , and with relation to the views and interests of individual reformers , who , in truth and fact , trouble themselves but little with the peace and happiness and liberty of mankind , the example is most encouraging ; and particularly with respect to those , who are not likely to be deterred by personal risk ; for nothing can show so strikingly the facility with which the object can be accomplished , and with which men from the lowest stations may be lifted suddenly to the highest . This is all that is wanted ; for give but the chance of success , even a very indifferent chance , and thousands will not be wanting ; high and low , to engage in the undertaking , and to labour with all the restless activity and increasing industry , with which we see the work carrying on at this instant . Still the means must be supplied . They can not make bricks without straw . Even these reformers or revolutionists , numerous as they are , and strenuous as their exertions are , can not make a revolution of themselves , nor by their utmost efforts throw the country off that happy basis , on which it has rested for so many centuries , an object of admiration and envy , and never more so than at the present moment . The great mass of the community is , no doubt , against them : but industry and perseverance may do much . Those who would never listen to such a proposal in its full extent , may yet be drawn in by degrees . Formerly , that is to say , some five and twenty years ago , the attempt was made through the medium of mere abstract reasoning . Incredible as it may seem