they say such a grant was contrary to Mr. Burke 's act ? No , it had ever been admitted that that fund was a part of the hereditary revenue , and consequently at the disposal of the crown . The attention of every Committee of Finance was turned to the subject , and they all sanctioned the legality of this application . said , it was stated as a part of the public revenue . was of opinion it was part of the customs . stated , that lord Grenville and lord Harrowby ( then Mr. Ryder ) had , in the Report of a Finance Committee , reported the 4½ per cent . funds as public money . said , that he could not see , even admitting for a moment the truth of the statement , how it bore upon the question . said , that as his hon . friend had introduced this subject before the house , he hoped some gentleman for Ireland would institute a similar exposition with respect to that country , for he had a statement to make to the committee with regard to the financial arrangements of Ireland , at one time , that would , he apprehended , astonish gentlemen who heard him , and incline them to think that such an exposition would not be unnecessary . In the administration of a noble lord who was now a cabinet minister , he meant the Lord Privy Seal ( lord Westmoreland ) , it was enacted by parliament , that until the Pension List establishment for Ireland should be reduced to 80,000l . the grants of pensions 875 should not in anyone year for each year exceed 1,200l . The act to this effect passed in the latter part of the month of July , in the year 1793 , but was not to take effect till the 2.5th of March , 1794 . Now , the Committee would scarcely believe , that in the interval of only seven months the enormous sum of 13,000l . had been added to the amount of pensions upon the Irish establishment in the administration of that noble lord , so that it appeared from the Returns made to that house , a copy of which he held in his hand , that , a leading member of the present cabinet had , when Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , taken advantage of the interval between the passing of a law and the time of its taking effect , to violate the spirit of that very enactment [ Hear ! hear ! ] : that so far from any attempt to reduce the Pension List ; so far from confining the grants for any one year within 1,200l . he had actually within seven months imposed upon the establishment the enormous burthen of 13,000l . and thus disposed of the amount of ten years pensions within the short period of seven months . The gross amount was 13,500l. , but from this he excluded lord F. Campbell 's pension , and that to the Burgh family , leaving a sum amounting to 13,000l . and it would further appear from the accounts , that in the course of five years , from 1790 to 1795 , the sum of 39,000l . a year was added to the public burdens in that country with regard to pensions . The time was now fast approaching when , by deaths , it was expected that the Pension List would be brought within the due limits ; but whether that expectation would prove well founded or not , he had no hesitation in saying , that it was his intention , early in the ensuing sessions , to call upon parliament to continue the limitation of the grant of pensions to 1,200l . annually , until the establishment should be reduced to 30,000l . or at most to 40,000l . He stated farther that the 1,200l . in one year was disposed of between three members of that house , late or present . denied that in the vice-royalty alluded to so much money had been granted in pensions