their lordships to consider where or when this great benefit was effected ? Was it effected either in diminishing the number of the French troops then pouring into Spain ; or in co-operating with any of the Spanish armies then in the field to oppose them ; or in defending any of those strong positions capable of affording so much advantage , either as points of attack or of retreat . No such good consequence followed ; there was no French reinforcement retarded , no Spanish army assisted , and ultimately almost the whole of the peninsula was over-run by the enemy . But the evil effects did not even terminate here ; they affected most vitally the best interests of the country . They depreciated Great Britain in its character for sincerity , and zeal for the rescue of the continent.—The noble secretary does not now despair of a successful termination to the glorious struggles of the patriotic Spaniards ; neither ( said the noble earl ) do I ; but I still have the lamentable conviction , that if they fortunately shall succeed in , erecting a proud trophy to their heroic efforts , Great Britain has , by the conduct of her public servants , incapacitated herself from sharing the credit of having supplied a single stone . This discouraging feeling 167 is not a little embittered by the reflection of having shed , so ineffectually shed , our best blood ; of being obliged to admit its truth at a moment when we lament in sorrow and regret over the tomb of a gallant soldier who , although snatched from his country , in the moment of victory , still perished with the consciousness that his victory could be of no avail ( Hear ! hear ! ) . We have heard much of the lukewarmness of the Spanish people during the retreat of the British troops . Is it not possible to find a very natural source for such a change of disposition ; for such an impediment to ultimate success ? Was the course pursued by his majesty 's government calculated to attract the feelings and to allay the jealousies of the Spanish people ? said , that whatever differences of opinion there might be as to the merits , there could be none as to the importance , of the motion under consideration ; it was connected with the best interests of the Country . He did not hesitate to pronounce , not only , that the preponderance of argument was in favour of the noble earl who brought forward the motion , but there was no answer whatsoever given to the points he had urged . He would not go into the detail of this subject at that hour . He never heard of an intention to employ the British forces on the continent without entertaining much apprehension ; he would not say that there could be no occasion to justify it ; but the experience of the last 15 years had taught him a lesson of caution . If an army was to be sent into the interior of Spain , , it should not have been sent until necessary provisions were made to secure its retreat in case of disaster ; it was necessary that there should be a supreme executive authority in the country ; it was necessary that there should be a commander in chief , and though he thought it perfectly right in his majesty 's ministers not to stipulate for any advantage as the price of succour , it was yet necessary to stipulate for such protections as might be wanting to their more complete security . If it had been known that Dupont was defeated , it would have been right to send troops to Portugal . Sir A. Wellesley should not have quitted the country without an adequate force . The object of the expedition to Portugal was stated to be the expulsion of the French ; but the armistice in which it concluded formed a just ground of complaint ; never was there 168 a better description of it given , than what