He remembered , not many nights ago , to have heard it stated in that house by an hon . gent . that he would rather be Mrs. Clarke with all her vices , than pursue the conduct of the hon . gent . who brought her forward . This he offered as a specimen of what those were liable to who struggled upon the side of the people , and as some counterpoise to the murmuring of those gentlemen who felt so very indignant at accusations , accompanied by an offer of proof , which still they would not suffer the house to receive . So that although their pride was hurt , and their character impeached , they would not allow their principles to be vindicated . Although he supported the motion , as he would any measure connected with Reform , or the correction of abuses , there were two points in which he differed from those so pointedly alluded to by his right hon . friend : for he neither disclaimed party , nor did he profess that extraordinary purity , which was described as a cloak for mischievous designs . Giving every man credit for all the integrity that he could consistently claim , he believed there was no public man whatever whose motives wire not of a mixed nature . His own motives he confessed to be of that character , and still he believed himself as well disposed to do good as any other man ; and in the prosecution of that good he would not suffer his mind to be warped by popularity either within or without doors . Parliamentary Reform he conceived to be the greatest good the country could experience , and therefore he sought for it . He thought it necessary in order to prevent convulsion ; but he never did think , nor did he ever say , that it would operate like enchantment , as a panacea for all evils . He never was deluded by theories , but looked for that Reform only which was sought for by so many great men , by Mr. Blackstone , by Dr. Paley , by Mr. Fox , by Mr. Pitt , and many others . If 514 these great men could now be communicated with , if one of them at least were enabled to offer his advice , sure he was that that wise man , whose principles he contracted at his outset in political life , would strongly recommend the conduct he was now pursuing.—Several gentlemen , particularly about the ministerial bench , had , he recollected , professed their resolution to wage war with corruption ; but if such a case as that then before the house did not rouse them to act , he could not conceive when they would give battle . Here were two ministers of state accused of receiving money for a seat in that house , calling upon the person purchasing such seat to vacate , because he would not vote against his conscience . How the money arising out of the purchase had been disposed of the house was yet to learn . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had talked of the violations of social confidence in the disclosure of this transaction . But in fact there was no social confidence in the case on the part of his hon . friend . The information he received he laid , as was his duty , before the house , and it was for the house to decide how it would act for the preservation of its own honour and character . But it was pretended , that as there was such a disposition to abuse public men , it was here proper to make a stand against inquiry.—What , in such a flagrant case ? The present ministers would not determine upon such a stand in the instance of the Hampshire election . They would then prosecute Mr. Freemantle with the utmost rigour for writing a letter to a single voter : and yet now they would claim complete impunity for the Chancellor of the Exchequer and lord Castlereagh