British commander in chief was thus submitted ? These letters , this message , or the nature of it , at least , he conceived , should necessarily be laid before the house for a proper understanding of such a strange mode of proceeding . Sir J. Moore treated the letters ' and the message in a manner worthy of him ; he could scarce believe they were intended to be seriously acted upon.—He had now to advert to another point which he had on a former occasion endeavoured to press upon the attention of the house , and that was , the facility with which the enemy was allowed to take possession of Ferrol , of the naval squadron and naval arsenal in that place . It was true that some communications which passed upon that subject between sir David Baird and admiral de Courcy had been laid before the house , but it contained no satisfactory explanation of the matter , and indeed was far from shewing that any effectual steps had 27 been taken to secure that great national object . Here , then , was another point upon which the late Treaty bore , and which must naturally find an important place in the discussion of the merits of that Treaty , or in any discussion respecting our present connection with the issue of affairs in Spain.—The other points he had to call the attention of the noble Secretary to , might be considered of minor importance ; but they were still what that house and the public should be fully and accurately informed upon . He meant a correct Return of the losses sustained in the British infantry and cavalry , which he feared far exceeded what they were generally understood to amount to . He feared the losses of both would not be found short of 8,000 men ; of cavalry it was said , that 3 or 4,000 had been sent out , and that of these not more than some hundred horses had returned . He should not only wish to see it stated , how many horses exactly belonging to the mounted cavalry had been lost , but also how many belonging to the waggon-train , & c. & c. had never returned . Without due information on these matters , no complete and satisfactory estimate could be formed of the real loss sustained by the British army during the late campaign in Spain and Portugal . These questions he had proposed to the noble Secretary of State , not expecting an immediate answer to all of them , but from a wish to have it understood , that a more complete explanation of these points would be expected in the course of the approaching discussion than had yet been submitted to the house by his majesty 's ministers . acknowledged the noble lord had acted with perfect propriety , in not pressing for an immediate answer to many of the questions he had put . Indeed , most of them were rather matter of argument for future discussion than of immediate explanation ; and he should therefore defer touching upon them , until that discussion came regularly before the house . With regard to Mr. Frere 's Letters , and the Message alluded to by the noble lord , they had never come in an official shape into the hands of his majesty 's ministers ; and he therefore did not imagine they could be regularly produced or argued upon . Even in the department to which such a correspondence more regularly belonged , he did not believe that much was known of the nature of the message upon which the noble lord had laid 28 so much stress ; but whatever was known would no doubt be communicated , when that point came more immediately under their lordships consideration . With respect to the losses said to be sustained by the British army in its retreat from Salamanca to Corunna , an Account of them had been laid before the house in as complete a shape as it could well be made out ; but he must entreat the