taken by the members had been proposed ; this was objected to , and , after a debate of fourteen or fifteen hours , and when an attempt had been made by himself to modify it in such a manner , as , he thought , would have removed all objection , then came out , for the first time , the objection to any oath whatsoever being administered . This he considered as a principal fault . Another objection taken by those who supported the bill in its present form , was to the rejection of the word `` express , '' in the clause prohibiting contracts for seats ; this , in his opinion , rendered the bill so far faulty ; but still the recognition of the principle that parliament had within itself the power of its own regeneration , was to be found in it , and , as such , he was determined on voting for it ; owning , at the same time , that it had , in its progress , from its introduction to its present shape , greatly disappointed his expectation . strongly opposed the bill . In considering the present system of representation , as compared with the past scenes of our history , he was persuaded that there was so much virtue to be found , as should make them tender , at least , in applying remedies , without being enabled to foresee the consequences , which , according to the event , might turn out good or bad . Any change in the constitution of a branch of the legislature ought to be attempted with the greatest circumspection , for it was difficult , if not impossible , to anticipate the bad effects which might result from causes apparently of little importance . In illustration of this opinion , he instanced the Mutiny act , which no one on its introduction could have been aware would give a paramount power in the go- 992 vernment to one of the houses of parliament . He acknowledged that the bill before the house had been very much amended in the committee , but he declared that he should vote against it , because it was the first of a series of intended innovations , and an acknowledgement in itself that a change was necessary in the constitution of the house of commons . Hitherto the proceeding of the house had been guided by the principle , that all remedies have gradually followed the development of practical evils . ( Cries of hear ! hear ! ) The comment conveyed in the cheers of the hon . gentlemen opposite might have its weight , if it were true that the assertion , so often repeated in the course of the present discussion , `` that the Treasury was a mart for seats in that house , '' was founded in fact ; but he denied that any such case was or could be made out . In all former cases that house was in the habit of waiting till proof was made of the charge , and as it was not disposed to take assertion as a substitute for evidence , it would wait till proof was actually brought forward to substantiate the charge . Although abuses were proved to exist at the present day , yet , it was remarkable , that , during the whole of the present discussion , no one member had undertaken to demonstrate that less abuses had existed at any former period of the constitution ; therefore he considered this result of the discussion , an essential benefit to the public , by demonstrating that there was no pretext to bring the constitution back to its original purity . For these reasons he voted against the bill . said , he felt himself bound to state his reasons for voting against the bill as it stood at present . When a motion was lately made in that house , to refer to a committee the consideration of the case of a noble lord , charged with , having trafficked for a seat in parliament