so that no man who had a vote at an election , could at any time receive a favour from a member . This was an operation of the bill , which he was convinced had never entered into the mind of the honourable gentleman . He had himself turned his thoughts to the bill , and discovered difficulties which could not be obviated without getting rid of several clauses which the honourable member wished to retain . It was not a satisfactory answer to say that a jury would not construe the act to extend to such cases as were not obviously intended to bias the particular election . The house should not leave that to a jury to decide , and besides it was highly ob- 618 jectionable to legislate penalty without a precise and definite exactment . With respect to the manner in which the punishment was to be regulated , he could not conceive , until the blanks should be filled up , how that was to be settled ; whether the question was to be sent to the courts of law , without any limitation of time , and not referred to a committee of that house . But he doubted , whether that house would consent , under any circumstances , to commit questions of that description concerning the validity of seats within its walls , to the jurisdiction of the courts of common law . His next objection was to the oath . If an oath was to be introduced , it ought to be precise , so that what members were to swear should be clearly and distinctly known , and he was sure the house would not admit any other form into the bill . What would have been the situation of members under the treating act , if there had been such an oath as first proposed in this bill , when what one committee decided not to be an offence against the act , another committee declared to be an offence , so that if the oath were to have been imposed , the same act would in one case prove perjury , which in another would be wholly innocent . He had thought it incumbent upon him to state these objections to the house , not with any idea of giving opposition to the bill , but for the purpose of giving gentlemen an opportunity of obviating them if possible . congratulated the house that the objections of the right hon . gent , were not to the principle of the bill . What the right hon . gent . said , had certainly considerable weight with him . It was never in his intention to destroy the right of disposing of burgage tenure , because that would lead to the destruction of the right to dispose of freeholds . But when the bill should come into the committee , he hoped that means would be devised to get rid of all the difficulties stated by the right hon . gent . As to the Oath , he thought it ought not to be imposed in the detail , if not in the wholesale . At all events , nothing could tend so much to set that house right with the public , as to shew that no persons could get improperly into it . If parliament did not reform itself , it would , according to the saying of a great man , be reformed with a vengeance from without . When abuses were proved to exist , it would add to the dissatisfaction of the people , if the necessary remedies should not be applied to correct them . thought , that his honourable friend , when his bill had been suffered to take its chance for a second reading , had no occasion to make the harangue he had delivered , or to utter the menaces against that house with which his speech concluded . He had himself determined to remain till the question of the second reading of this bill , though he was jealous of its progress . He would not admit that