it is allowed for the sake of argument only ) . Now , the magistrates of any county have no jurisdiction except what is given them by statute , and no jurisdiction is given to them by statute over a person convicted of misdemeanor , who is , during his confinement , emphatically , a sheriff 's prisoner . Your Petitioner , therefore , is placed by his sentence in a situation which the law knows not , and therefore he prays the consideration of his case may receive the attention of this honourable house , not on his personal account , but as his treatment may be drawn into a precedent inimical to the freedom and liberties of the subjects of these realms . `` That your Petitioner further submits to your honourable house some peculiar privations and hardships to which he has been subjected since his confinement in Dorchester gaol , which commenced on the evening of the 6th of July , 1808 , and when your Petitioner was labouring under a very severe and afflicting state of illness , which had been proved to the Judges of the court of King 's Bench by the affidavits of four most respectable medical gentlemen . That notwithstanding this infirm state of your Petitioner 's health , he was denied , by the controlling magistrates of Dorchester prison , for the interval of more than three months , viz . from the 6th of July to the 15th of the ensuing October , all access to the open air , even to the taking ordinary exercise , unless your Petitioner would take the same in a small circular stone yard , which was allotted in common for prisoners who were sentenced for fines , such as smugglers and those who had evaded the excise laws , & c. & c. Your Petitioner 's complaint being a long standing bilious disorder , attended with a complication of alarming symptoms , among which he was subject to an almost continued swimming in the head , and a partial stagnation of the circulation of the blood in his feet , he found , after trial , that the walking on the stones and the circular direction in which he was obliged to walk 181 aggravated his disorder to such an excess , that he was obliged to abandon the attempt ; and , although he represented this frequently , by letter and otherwise , to the visiting magistrates , and intreated that he might be permitted to walk in the garden , as Mr. Gilbert Wakefield , Mr. Redhead Yorke , and all other prisoners in similar situations , had been permitted to do before him , this was refused him , until he partially obtained the indulgence , through the benevolent interposition of Mr. Calcraft , one of the magistrates for the county , and the representation being first made to him by the medical gentleman attending the prison , that he considered your Petitioner 's being permitted to walk in the garden essential to the preservation of his health . In consequence or this interference and this representation , your Petitioner has , since the 15th of October last , been permitted to walk in the garden , in company of the gaoler of the prison , for the very limited space of one half an hour every day , and which limited indulgence your Petitioner 's health has been such as almost to preclude him from availing himself of . Your Petitioner , therefore , humbly submits to this honourable house that such extreme coercion and restriction is not necessary for the secure confinement of your Petitioner , and is inconsistent with the benign spirit of the British constitution . Your Petitioner , in candor and justice , begs leave to state that he considers this restriction as being personally cruel towards him , because , since his confinement in the gaol of Dorchester , an unlimited indulgence in walking in the garden has been extended to a felon , by the partial courtesy of the magistrates , and your Petitioner having given no cause of complaint against the propriety