the crown , they were always , struck out of the list , and never summoned again . He did not strike juries , and therefore could not speak on the subject of his own knowledge , but he firmly believed that the practice did not exist , and that no officer of the court dared do it without risking the loss of his place . He was anxious that the house should be convinced that his hon . friend had been imposed upon . said that the Attorney-General had misrepresented him . He had stated that the practice of giving two guineas to Jurors who gave a verdict for the crown , either existed at present or had only been lately discontinued . This was his information , and it appeared to be correct , for the practice had existed ; and the learned gent , had admitted that it was a gross abuse . He did not say that Jurors who gave verdicts against the crown had been struck off the list ; he had only said that it so happened that they were never summoned again ; and the learned gent , upon inquiry might find that statement to be correct . said that he had given verdicts against the crown , but that he had been constantly summoned . was sorry to hurt the feelings of the relatives of Mr. Gilbert Wakefield , but injustice to the magistrates of Dorset he must say , that he had abused the indulgence which he had met with in the manner stated . He then read a letter from one of the magistrates confirming this statement , and also stating that Mr. White had been asked before the commencement of the session , whether he had any reason to complain ? to which he had replied , `` None whatever . '' observed , that this was one of the most important cases which had ever come before the house . The Attorney General had admitted that the practice of giving two guineas to the Jurors when they found for the crown , once existed , and had only lately been left off ; but he was sorry that he had not adverted to the other practices which the hon . gent , opposite had stated . He was surprised that he had passed over the great question as to the right of the executive to transport its subjects to any part of its dominions at its own discretion . He should have expected that he would not have passed over this . He thought , indeed , that this point had been settled at the Revolution ; and he regretted that he had heard no opinion on the subject from him . He had also passed over another most important point ; the allegation that Special Juries were struck at the discretion of the Crown Office . The ex officio informations of the Attorney General he considered as not more dangerous to the liberty of the subject , than the giving two guineas instead of one to those jurors who found for the crown . Here , in the case of libel , for instance , we found the crown appointing accuser , judge and jury ! Into the great constitutional point of sending subjects to distant gaols , he would not now enter , as it was to be discussed in another place . But he could not help adverting to the extreme hardship of this practice , which totally altered the sentence of the law . He agreed that an imprisonment of three years was almost an unprecedented thing of late . The hon . baronet then remarked with regard to what had fallen from the right hon . gent , below ( Mr. Windham ) , that Mr. White had only been convicted of a misdemeanour , which , though certainly a crime , had always been distinguished from felony . Mr. White , there- 189 fore , might have reason to think that he ought to be less strictly confined than some others.—There was another consideration which had entirely escaped the right hon .