the sincerity of his support of the principle of the bill . He would again assure him of the sincerity of the motives which had actuated him throughout . He respected public opinion , as much as any gentleman , and endeavoured to act in consonance to it ; though he believed , had he gone to the full extent in support of the bill hi its original form , he would not have succeeded in satisfying popular clamour . Those parts of the bill , as it originally stood , which appeared to him to be productive of great practical difficulties , he had opposed , and now that the house had agreed with him in removing those objectionable parts , he sincerely thought that the bill in its present shape was calculated to do much good , and that it might now be safely passed into a law . agreed with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that before the house Would rise that night , some one or other of its members would be exposed to imputations for insincerity of conduct in the progress of the bill then pending . He would not attempt to anticipate the public opinion , or say who would be the objects of 1012 their censure ; and he thought that the right hon . gent . would have done well if he had acted in the same way , and abstained from those insinuations against the sincerity of others , when , perhaps his own might be equally questionable . When his hon . friend introduced the present bill , he confessed he hailed it as a source of real good to the best interests of the country ; but since that period , the bill had undergone such changes , it had been so mutilated and defaced that its very principle was essentially altered , and consequently its operation and end must be widely different . He denied therefore that he was justly liable to any charge of inconsistency for now voting against the bill , for what he had originally supported was not that which he now opposed , and that was the reason why he opposed it . If his hon . friend meant , however , altered as it had been , to support the bill , he trusted he would do him justice as to the motives , that influenced him to oppose it . He had never been absent in any one stage of its progress , and now that he saw in what shape the bill was about to go out to the public , he must decline having any part whatever in passing upon them so gross and mischievous a delusion . In the first clause of the bill , as introduced by his hon . friend , the giver and taker of a bribe were placed on a complete equality , as to the penalty of 500l . In the present bill not a syllable of that clause survived ; and all that was given in exchange for it was—what ? A new preamble , which was not worth sixpence , its spirit being done away by the enactments which accompanied it . He would ask , was the omission of such a clause no material alteration in the nature of the bill ? But the truth of it was , the right hon . gent . through the whole progress of the bill betrayed a great anxiety to throw a shield round the members of that house ; there was no scruple in dealing out punishments to the electors , as the baser part , but there was manifested upon all occasions a wonderful jealousy for protection of the elected . Now , unfortunately , whatever was the cause , the public did not think precisely in that way . They did not think the members of that house , altogether above punishment . And though he never was , nor would be , the slave of popular clamour , he hoped he should never be backward in paying due respect to the fair and legitimate expression of public opinion ;