spoke last . He requested that every individual would do in this case what he would wish to be done in his own . At all events he could not agree in a direct vole of censure . : said , that the hon . gent . seemed to have misunderstood him : he recommended no middle course . He had only said , that he expected the noble lord opposite would have recommended such a course ; but for his part he did not mean to disapprove in any degree of that which his noble friend had adopted . observed , that he had felt great indignation at a particular part of the noble lord ( Castlereagh 's ) speech , and indeed at the whole of it ; but as to the manner of expressing that indignation , he was ready to apologize to the noble lord and the house . could not help admiring the ingenuity with which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Croker ) contrived to turn the attention of the house from the main question to the marquis of Sligo , whose case had nothing to do with the subject under discussion . The hon . gent. , he thought , would find some difficulty in reconciling some inconsistencies that appeared in his speech . He felt the greatest indignation at the imputation that had been cast upon the deceased marquis of Sligo , in associating him with such transactions , but he seemed to lose all his warmth , when he contemplated the charge made against the living . The hon . gent . ought to have taken a little more pains to defend the living , seeing what he had done for the dead . There existed in this case a degree of guilt , which was not to be passed over in the slight way proposed by the noble lord opposite ( lord Binning , ) nor in a slight way at all ; and nothing short of adopting the Resolutions of his noble friend would satisfy the duty of the house . He held an opinion , directly contrary to that stated by 232 the noble lord in his defence ; and thought this mode of disposing of seats in parliament was extremely improper , unconstitutional , and subversive of the best interests of the country . He was surprised that they who thought otherwise should bring forward such opinions now ; for though they might think it proper that such practices should exist in secret , yet , in order to continue their existence in secret , they ought to visit them with due severity when they came before the house . To pass them over when thus exposed would be giving the severest stab to their own doctrines . Be the personal corruption here ever so little , ( and he was not disposed to aggravate the case , ) it was necessary to look at it as an official offence , and with a view to its effects on the country . The circumstance of the noble lord holding two official situations at the time was rather an aggravation of the offence . The patronage of the Directors ought not to be given away for such purposes as this ; or , if it was , it would only be a reason why they should not possess that patronage . The meaning of the term `` facilitating , '' in the evidence , meant nothing else than placing a writer-ship at the disposal of a member of the government , which , as had been openly avowed , was appropriated to the purpose of bringing a man into parliament.—With regard to the assertion that there was no view in this particular instance to the augmentation of the influence of government , if lord Clancarty had come into parliament , neither the noble lord , nor any body else , could have much doubt as to the side on which he would have voted . The one being President of the Board of Controul , and the other a member of that Board ; the presumption was