corrupt ; and they were the purest patriots who prosecuted most charges against them—they lived in a time when they saw individuals raised to the highest state of popularity , and honoured with crowded tributes of the nation 's gratitude and applause for prosecuting such charges . Those who were ambitious of the same flattering distinctions might think it wise to pursue the same course—no matter whatever the means , if the end could be attained . They had seen private confidence abused—they had heard of letters being seized in the unsuspecting moments of social intercourse , and had known serious charges to be grounded upon the public disclosure of those very letters ( hear , hear ! ) and they had seen those who thought it necessary to resort to such means , not to confirm , but to institute a charge which ranks high in the esteem and veneration of the people of this country ; whether at such a time it would be wise to warrant such species of charges as merely introductory to the agitation of the great question of Reform , he left it to the house to determine ; but as far as he might be allowed to judge , he rather thought that it would be more consistent with what was due from him to the house and to the public , if he , for the present , declined putting in the plea ( he could so conscientiously put in ) , until that house had come to a determination on the pro- 496 priety of entertaining that charge or not , ( hear , hear ! ) protesting at the same time against any , the slightest inference of his guilt from his deferring such a plea till after that decision.—Then would he come before them prepared , and indeed ( what he was not yet ) in a manner authorised to meet that charge , and explain , as he trusted he could do , every particular relating to the transaction upon which the charge had been grounded ; and he did not despair of that explanation proving satisfactory to the house , and vindicatory of his own honour . Before the house had come to such a decision , he should not hold it wise in any public man to enter into an explanation of the circumstances upon the one side or the other . He should say no more , but make his bow to the Chair , as was usual in such cases , and leave it with the house to determine as they in their judgment might think proper.—The right hon . gentleman then made his obeisance to the Speaker , and retired amidst the general cheers of the house . then rose , and said , that he could not express what he felt on this occasion better , nor more adequately , than by adopting the statement which had been made by his right hon . friend who had just left the house . He had nothing to add to that statement , and fully adopted every part of it . Whatever might be the practice on similar occasions , he could not , under the circumstances in which he was placed , sit in the house during the discussion of the question . He did not conceive that he was in the present stage of the business bound to give that explanation which he was confident he could , if it should be the pleasure of the house to enter into the investigation . To the house , therefore , he should leave it to determine , whether he should be called upon to give that explanation , which at present he was prepared to do , if it appeared to him to be called for , on this occasion . ( The noble lord then made his bow , and withdrew ) . then explicitly moved , That the said Charge against the right hon . Spencer Perceval and lord viscount Castlereagh should be heard at the bar on Monday next . suggested the propriety of having the Paper , from which