gent . considering his natural partiality to Mr. 707 Pitt , had given a very candid evidence before the Committee , in which the little he said , expressed a favourable , and coming from him , a flattering testimony of Mr. Palmer 's merits , and which evidence he closed , by stating in answer to a question put to him that he had no further information whatever to give , the Committee . Was it then quite consistent after such a declaration to state subsequently in the house that he could have given the Committee much further information had he been allowed the opportunity , as if , independent of his own previous assertion to the contrary , he had not been too long a member of that house to be ignorant that it was in his own power to have given any information he had thought proper . In consequence of this the right hon . gent . was again examined in a Committee of the lords , which Committee after about an hour 's examination of the voluminous evidence laid before them , made no Report , and wherein the additional evidence of the right hon . gent . was in fact no addition , and so far to his own credit , for had it contradicted his former testimony declaring he had nothing more to say , such contradictions might have been the subject of a similar discussion to that which had lately taken place . The whole the right hon . gent . had stated was his own opinion of an agreement to which he had been no party , as he was not in office at the time ; as for his opinion of Mr. Pitt 's opinion it could not be necessary when the latter had stated it for himself in the evidence . Why , the noble lords preferred a second examination of Mr. Long , who , from the first knew nothing of the matter , to the examination of lord Camdenand the bishop of Lincoln , and whose testimony the whole of the case rested , the hon . member was at a loss to guess ; but as the Committee had declined examining their lordships , he concluded their testimony was undisputed.—The hon . member again returned to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) who he believed might have given more information to the Committee , from having been Secretary to the Treasury at the period of the original agreement , and as such , principally concerned in the transactions which took place.—If any gent . would read the whole of the evidence and other documents which Mr. Palmer , however expensive to himself , found necessary to publish , he might there be convinced that the great difficulties Mr. Palmer had to encounter , were not in the arrangement of the plan 708 itself , but in consequence of the encouragement given by the right hon . gent . to all that opposition and intrigue which it was his duty to have suppressed ; it might there be seen that on no occasion were the remonstrances of Mr. Palmer against the Post Office and Post-master General attended to , or that in any instance was their misconduct reproved , or their mismanagement enquired into . This was sufficiently proved by the evidence . He would not detain the house by entering into a detail , but it appeared that in one instance only the Postmaster General had incurred an expence to the country of 16,000l . a year in effecting a single improvement , which Mr. Palmer undertook to accomplish for 4,000l . ; it appeared that after Mr. Palmer had in vain applied for a small increase of salary to deserving officers , the Postmaster-General immediately after his suspension advanced them to an enormous amount ; in the instance of one salary only which at Mr. Palmer 's recommendation they had refused to augment from 100l . to 150l . a year , after his suspension they raised to 700l . a year , thus bribing these officers with the public money