; might be removed in the committee . observed , that from the tone which the debate had assumed , he should look upon himself a traitor to his opinion , and a coward with respect to his duty , if he omitted to state the impressions upon his mind . He was certainly not prepared to go the length of the hon . baronet ( sir F. 777 Burdett ) , but at the same time he could not agree with his noble friend , that the decision upon the case of the Duke of York had not shewn that there was some deficiency in the composition of that house . He could not admit that the manner in which that illustrious person had resigned his office , had not prevented that house from passing , in some shape or other , a Vote of Censure upon his conduct , which must have led to his removal from office . It was his opinion that there had been in that house a bias towards that personage , which justified his hon . friends in imputing it to a degree of real corruption . But if even that were not the case , he was sure , that certain admissions which had been made in the house that night would fully warrant the imputation of corruption . For his own part , he was not prepared to say , that he expected any very important beneficial effect from the measure before the house . But the rejection of it at the present moment would amount to a proof in the mind of the public , that the house of commons was determined to cast a veil over the corrupt practices which had been brought to light . rose , merely to put a question to an hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) . That hon . gent . had asserted without doors , and had repeated the assertion in the house that night , that a sum of eleven millions had been added to the taxes , in consequence of the corruptions and abuses of that house . His object in rising , was to ask whether the hon . gent , had given notice of any motion upon the subject ; and , if he had not , to press upon him the necessity of giving such a notice , which might lead to a decision upon that point , before the close of the present session . said , that before the end of the session he should state the grounds upon which he had formed the opinion contained in the assertion alluded to by the hon . gent . In order to prove that assertion , it would be necessary for him to move for voluminous papers , which he could not expect to be produced before the close of the present session . rose and said : —Mr . Speaker ; in rising after the house has been so exhausted , and after the able discussion which has taken place , it would be presumptuous in me to think of detaining them long if my strength would permit of it . In justice to myself and the important measure which a sense of duty could alone have induced me to bring forward , I have 778 to entreat a farther continuance of the indulgence I have already received , which I neither can , or will abuse.—I can not but regret , from the difficulties I have met with , that the conducting of this bill had not been placed in more able hands ; on the purity of my intentions must rest my present defence and apology . I shall as shortly as possible , after a few observations on the arguments which have been advanced in opposition to the principle of my bill , endeavour to explain more fully my own views on the subject.—I am undoubtedly placed in a very novel and singular situation : I have to defend the measure against opponents who are at complete variance , and whose arguments refute and answer each other ; agreeing in nothing