the bill , there was only one which he could anticipate , viz . that this was not a convenient time to bring forward such a measure . He was of a different opinion ; he thought this was just the most convenient time that could be hit upon for the purpose , and that the least procrastination would be injurious to the interests of the public . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had just acknowledged there was no great pressure of business ; but if there was , it was their duty to make time convenient when they had important duties to discharge , and he trusted they were now reassembled for the purpose of following up the most anxious wishes of the house and of the country . Delays were always injurious , and in the stormy times in which we lived every tomorrow brought its griefs and difficulties along with it ; and if they suffered them to go on accumulating , they might grow too cumbrous to get rid of . He trusted the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , from the experience he had in the business of reversionary grants , would afford ( he house some information ; at least , the result of his frequent practice . He did not require from that noble lord to dive into the chronicles of Ireland . They were no old legends from which he wished his lordship to draw his stores . All that was wanted was of his own memory , contemporaneous with his own time , nay with his own official existence . It was for him to give the catalogue of the reversionary grants which beyond numbers he had given ; grants of offices , not in reversion , but what ought to be better termed , in resurrection , which the noble lord had conferred upon successive generations to come , with the hope of atoning for the period during which the same offices lay dormant for generations that were past . The fate of his proposed Bill the noble lord ( Porchester ) said , was connected with the incipient progress of that temperate Reform , which the country 193 and the stormy period of this age demanded . It was for ministers to consider the course which they now intended to pursue ; and he trusted they would not , at least on the present occasion , indulge themselves as heretofore , in the capacity of mutes . The house ought to feel its paramount duty ; it should recollect that this was the first practical measure of Reform which Committees appointed by itself had most strenuously recommended . It should guard against that ministry , which since its accession to office had endeavoured to freeze up that general current of temperate Reform which their predecessors had set in motion . Whenever they should send this bill to the lords ( and he hoped the house would decidedly determine to do so , as soon as it could with convenience be passed ) he supposed they would be told that there was no necessity for it , as they had at this moment a suspension Bill , that prevented the disposal of places in reversion , till six weeks after the meeting of parliament in the next session . But this was a strong argument in favour of the bill being now brought in and passed , for if it was not earned in the course of the present session , six weeks would be too short a period , and the lords might take advantage of the circumstance , till the house had driven their lordships into a corner , as they had done before in the case of the Non-residence bill , when they might urge that as a reason for rejecting the bill ; in which case , the Suspension Bill would expire , and many offices might be granted in reversion , which could not be abolished till after the death of the grantee , who was frequently an infant at the time of the grant . Six weeks was therefore too short a