moved by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and shall vote for the previous question . condemned the conduct of ministers in attempting to stifle inquiry and censure on this , as on other occasions ; and considered the proceedings of the Commissioners as a compound of fraud and peculation , for which the Attorney-General ought to be directed to prosecute was sorry to see the government coupled with the conduct of the Commissioners , which he considered such as the house was bound to mark their indignation against . for Scotland contended , that his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had no wish to veil the conduct of the Commissioners . He only wished to avoid passing an unmerited censure on government . If on examining the accounts of the Commissioners to the bottom it should turn out that fraud had been committed , parliament might then direct criminal steps to be taken . contended for the Resolutions of Mr. Ord . He could not perceive any impropriety in what was called the general censure upon government , as the Resolutions only stated facts . He commented in strong terms on the misconduct and prevarications of the Commissioners . It was not enough to appoint Committees . Their opinions and decisions ought to be followed up by the house so as to give the public the advantages they ought to derive from their investigations and reports . If the house shrunk from its duty , the public would entertain and express its opinion on their conduct . observed that the public mind had been disgusted with what had happened in that house in several recent cases . He alluded , as we understood , to the fate of the Reversion Bill , the cases of the Duke of York , lord Castlereagh , & c. & c. and now he feared the minister wished to complete this terrible climax , by refusing his assent to a mark of reprobation on a transaction , respecting the nature of which no man could doubt . He beseeched ministers and the house not to degrade parliament in the eyes of the country . It was impossible that the present system could go on much longer . If government set its face against public justice , the worst consequences might follow.—He begged of the right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer to open his eyes to what he was about . This was the moment in which it was possible to restore confidence to the people . He begged of him to pause before he carried through a vote of so painful a nature as that now proposed by him . maintained , that the executive was acting with the most scrupulous minuteness in giving effect to the Reports of the Finance and other Com- 324 mittees . The import of the present Resolutions , however , was to confound the conduct of government with that of the detected Commissioners . If the hon . gent . who opened the business had not proposed the two first Resolutions , his right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) would not have moved the previous question . He saw no objection when the house should come to the third Resolution to agree to the substance of it . But , unless circumstances arose to call the attention of a Board so occupied as the Treasury was to the existence of such abuses as those now complained of , he did not admit that government could be to blame in not detecting them . The noble lord ( H , Petty ) was of a contrary opinion , and the expression of such sentiments by him was the more unobjectionable , because the being a species of self-sacrifice , gave it a particular air of candour . He asked the noble lord if he saw no danger in a declaration of such sentiments , and if it did nor go to infer a malversation in the government which did not exist ? The right hon . Secretary then animadverted , with considerable wit and severity , on the observations