the freedom of decision ? That such would be the conduct of the newly formed court was well known to those , who , for the purpose , placed the new judges in their situations . There were several cases of a similar nature in the same retail . But , my lords , the case to which I shall next call your attention , did not occur in such times as those to which I have just adverted ; it took place in , perhaps , the best times this country ever knew , I mean , my lords , the reign of king George 1 . The case to which I refer is reported in the 6th volume of the State Trials , namely that of Christopher Layer , which occurred in the year 1723 . He was tried at the bar of the court of King 's Bench , and executed in Middlesex.—This was on the express motion of the Attorney-General , who said there were several precedents for the execution of offenders in counties different from the scene of their offences : the cases of lord Audley , and Fitzpatrick , were mentioned as instances ; but , my lords , from what transpired on this well-known Trial , it appeared , that so late as the year 1723 , the Attorney-General entertained doubts , Whether the court had , legally , the power of ordering executions any where but where the offences were committed ? —These are the only cases of this kind upon which I shall trouble your lordships ; but , I am borne out in the principle I have laid down , by authorities in matters of a different kind . In Hale 's Pleas of the Crown , 462 , a case is referred to of a man who was tried for murder , in the county of Kent ; —he was found guilty , and in a note , it is said , the 592 award was for the marshal to do execution , the prisoner having been removed to the custody of the marshal , as the immediate officer of the court . A respectable legal authority tells us , that where judgment of death is given in the court of King 's Bench , the execution is to be by the marshal of the court ; and by another it is stated , that execution is not to be awarded in a different county , except it be where the court should then sit . My lords , having gone through , or referred to , those different cases , it seems to me , that the conclusion to be drawn is , that in every case where imprisonment has taken place out of the county where the offences have been committed , and in every case where executions have taken place oat of the county—in every one of those cases some excuse is offered , some doubts expressed , and some reasons given , why such punishments should not take place in the counties where the offences had been committed . On a memorable occasion , of no very distant occurrence , when an impeachment was preferred at the bar of your lordships ' house , it was well said , that 'innovations in law had crept in like heresies in religion , slowly and silently , leaving , in the end , nothing but the false and corrupt semblance of each ! '—In the variety of cases to which I have solicited the attention of your lordships , the legality of the mode of punishment complained of by the Plaintiffs , is either doubted , denied , or controverted ; and it is shewn that for ordering that species of imprisonment , the court of Star-Chamber was actually abolished . My lords , I have referred to or laid before you various cases and statutes for your serious consideration as to their tendency and effect . I do not feel it necessary at present to enter into a general line of argument upon them . It is sufficient for me at present to state the general