the lead , and directed the operations of the gentlemen on the other side ( Mr. Fox ) . It contained an observation ( as indeed it was more famous for observation than for throwing any new light on history ) , that there were periods when persons might 467 take a stand , survey the surrounding scene , and calculate abstractedly on events and the probable effects most useful in history , and that one of the greatest proofs of practical political wisdom , was to trace future results from present causes , to look with a philosophic eye to the operation of measures , to reflect upon their probable effect , and above all to judge of their propriety , not by contingent results , but by the justice and the policy which recommended their adoption . This was true , and if the noble lord had been arguing philosophically , or as a statesman , he might have been justified in drawing conclusions from effects , and particular facts which he chose to examine . But when crimination , and not speculation , was his object , he could not have practised a more unfair and unjust mode , nor could the house for a moment give countenance to the uncandid use he had made of it . It might even be allowable on ordinary occasions , but could not be resorted to on an occasion like the present , which was without precedent , and such as it was impossible to lay their hand on any period of history to parallel , either from its importance with regard to individuals , to this happy country , and to Europe , or the difficulty that arose from there being so little knowledge to guide their steps , in the actual scene of their operations . Why should government be ashamed to say they wanted that knowledge of the interior of Spain which they found no one possessed ? With every other part of the continent we bad had more intercourse ; of the situation of Spain we had every thing to learn . What , then , was the general feeling which burst forth at that time in this country ? He called on gentlemen to recollect their own sentiments of admiration and of surprise . It was now unjustly said that government were too rash , but were they not then accused of being too tardy ? Did they come early to parliament and ask for support ? No , they had been reproached for not doing so . Why had they abstained but because they hoped the result from Spain would enable them to call for a decided opinion from the people ? If the house would recollect the sentiments delivered from the throne at the conclusion of last session , they must acknowledge that they had not out-gone , but kept within the wishes of the people . Was it to be supposed that government was therefore callous or insensible ? He trusted there was nothing in their conduct 468 or their nature which warranted such a supposition . They wished to see how the affairs of Spain proceeded before they called on the people for their decided opinion ; and though the noble lord seemed to think the question which was agitated near the close of last session right , at the time it had been discountenanced by the hon . gentleman near him ( Mr. Whitbread ) on the same grounds he now maintained , that matters were not mature enough for a decision . The noble lord had stated three promises , which he supposed to have been made on that occasion . The first , that a combined effort was to be made with Spain he denied , as not true in fact . There had been no such promise ; no such intimation , nor were there at that time any thoughts of sending an army into Spain . It was impossible that the assistance alluded to could have been of a military kind , as it was declared , none such would be sent without a specific call