them to be destitute both of fidelity and courage . In this general description I can by no means concur ; 1110 such charges appear to me as contrary to recorded facts as they are cruel and illiberal towards that meritorious class of men , who , from feelings of loyalty and fidelity above all praise , have been the victims , for these last sixteen years , of that dreadful revolution which began by their ruin , and has now nearly effected the ruin of the civilized world . That some trifling instances of misconduct may have occurred in the emigrant corps , as they do in all other corps ; that some of them were recruited by methods which I never did approve of , are facts which I am not prepared to deny ; but those instances have been artfully and grossly exaggerated , whilst their deeds of gallantry and heroism are kept out of sight . I will not detain the house by recalling them at present ; but if the hon . gent , is at a loss for one instance , let him look at the siege of Ypres by the French in the last war , when an emigrant regiment sallied forth with a spirit never excelled , to cut its way through the besieging army , an attempt which excited the admiration and surprize of the British and Austrian commanders , when the few , who had survived the desperate enterprize , joined the allied forces . But , Sir , what is the description of foreign corps which we now possess , and which the hon . gent , is so anxious to dismiss ig-nominously from our service ? They consist of men , born subjects of and owing allegiance to the same sovereign with ourselves—of men who , when driven from Hanover by the unprovoked aggression of the enemy , sought an asylum in this country . What course on that occasion would the hon . gent , have taken ? Would he have repelled them from our shores ? —Would he have advised his and their sovereign to have shut his ports , and refused his protection to men who had such strong claims to that protection ? Would he have driven them , in despair , into the ranks of the enemy , or would he now send them back to Hanover , in order that a conscription may force them into those ranks ? Had such been our policy , the chance of war might perhaps have brought them into this country as prisoners ; and instead of paving them to fight our battles , we might now have had to maintain them , at nearly the same expence , mixed in our prisons with the inveterate enemies of this country . Is this the only footing upon which the honourable gentleman would have been willing to have given them an asylum ? —To the loose general charge the 1111 hon . gent . has thrown out against them of misconduct in the field , I can only oppose the authority of the British generals , under whom they served in Zealand and on the Peninsula , and , I trust , their favourable testimony will have as much weight with the house as the unsupported assertion of the hon . gentleman . After all , the house must recollect , that if we disband and send home these 20,000 foreigners , this diminution in our army must be made up by an equal number of Englishmen , to be raised at a much greater , and maintained at an equal expence ; so that this discovery of the hon . gent , would effect no saving , unless he could also persuade the house and the country , that our regular force , which it has been the uniform endeavours of the house to augment , could undergo a reduction of 20,000 men without any inconvenience . On the subject of the Local Militia I shall not detain the house by any detail . The hon . gent , has called it the most profligate of