this house to do that which we should have been doing against those individuals , had they been convicted ; I call upon this house to inflict that same punishment upon the individual already convicted ( Hear ! hear ! ) . If any such persons as those the noble lord wished to detect , had been convicted , punishment must have followed , although months and years might have elapsed before their guilt was discovered . But , so far from their conduct being corrupt or criminal , I contend , that , if , after the detection of this delinquency it should be suffered to escape with impunity , we should be intitled to conclude , that these unknown and obscure individuals had suffered an unmerited punishment . I have troubled the house at considerably greater length than I intended , but I think it will now appear that the importance of this question yields to none that can be brought before this house . The power , privileges , and immunities , attached to those in office , must not screen them from censure . We must show the public , that , we are inclined to pursue with impartial justice , any crime wherever it makes its appearance . I say it is a mockery of justice , to affect to cen- 216 sure persons comparatively inconsiderable , if we are to suffer a noble lord , filling the office of Secretary of State , ( lord Castlereagh ) , another noble lord , a member of the Board of Controul , ( lord Clancarty ) , and a third ( marquis of Sligo ) , a peer of the realm , to do those acts with impunity , for which we would visit meaner delinquents with a severe measure of punishment . We have lately been informed , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has thought proper , in consequence of some advertisement in the papers , offering a situation for sale , to direct a sum of money to be lodged , as required by the advertisement , and has taken every step in his power , in order to entrap the poor unfortunate individual ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Now , I would wish the house to reflect , if this trap of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , so admirably contrived , had been also laid to ensnare those concerned in the transaction I have been describing , whether he would have been not a little surprised to have caught his noble friend who now sits near him , together with his two noble accomplices . That right hon . gent , ought to have laid his trap upon this occasion , as well as upon the other ; for the first appearance of this writership was by advertisement in the public papers , and if he had only applied his trap a little sooner , he would have undoubtedly detected two of his colleagues and a peer of the realm in the illicit traffic . Supposing that right hon . gent . goes on with the prosecution of those whom , he says , he has already entrapped , and will be able to bring them to conviction ; what will be the feelings of this house and of the public , if they shall find in it a case trivial comparatively to this one , if although flagrant it should escape without notice and without censure . There is one circumstance which I have omitted to notice , and which may appear to place one in an invidious situation . It is , that this evidence has lain a considerable while upon your table , which I mean to move should be read , and on which I am to ground a motion of censure against that noble lord , and yet no one of the committee who made that Report , has thought proper to make any observations upon the flagrant charge it contains , and there has appeared no actual intention of noticing the transaction itself . I own it did surprise me , that such