habits and modes of proceeding , that it would have become the Commissioners to have , applied either by petition to this house , or by memorial to the Treasury , for a rule by which to guide themselves ; but these gentlemen did neither the one nor the other . Some one of their body was deputed to go to Chelsea , where , at that time , lived a very respectable gentleman , who must have been at an advanced period of life , of the name of Aufrere . He had been a Commissioner for Prizes as long ago as the year 1756 . The report brought by the delegate to his brethren , which afterwards turned out to be totally false , was that Mr. Aufrere and his fellow Commissioners had received 5 per cent , upon the proceeds which went through their hands , but whether gross , or net , the Commissioner who received the information does not pretend to determine : and yet the Board have , upon this authority , supposing that it is , as far as it goes , truly stated , ventured to assert to the committee that they were sanctioned by precedent ! The truth of the conversation between Mr. Aufrere and the Commissioner , it is not now my intention to question , because any enquiry into the subject must be fruitless ; Mr. Aufrere himself is dead . It may be observed , in passing , that the Treasury was a good deal nearer to the residence of these gentlemen than was the house of Mr. Aufrere , and that their messenger must actually have passed by the one to get at the other . The delegate must carefully have shut his eyes , I think , when he passed Charing Cross , and rigidly abstained from casting one glance that way , lest he should be tempted to go to that 306 place for information to which only it was his duty to resort . The Commissioners , however , being , even after this conversation at Chelsea , in a fresh difficulty as to whether they should charge upon gross or net , solved that difficulty in their own favour , und immediately set to work and charged 5 per cent . on the gross proceeds.—Why was not the Treasury consulted instead of Mr. Aufrere ? The information would have been more authentic . It might have been less satisfactory then , although much more satisfactory to them ( if they had known it and acted upon it ) , as their case stands now , for they would not have been reduced to that situation of shame in which they now stand before this tribunal.—Sir , I can not help remarking upon the attempt at deceit and gross prevarication which appears in the first short paper returned to the committee from the office of the Commissioners.—In that paper they say that they have no fee , emolument , or compensation whatever , and that they have only the usual commission upon the proceeds passing through their hands.—Sir , these Commissioners , although men of the world , either appear to have entertained that foolish notion with which we have seen witnesses at this bar impressed , namely , that they should be allowed to make their own statement and be called upon to speak no farther , and not to be subjected to any observation or cross-examination whatever ; such must have been their notion at the time they signed that prevaricating paper : or they must have thought that the committee itself was composed of weaker men than I trust are to be found in this house.—Sir , give me leave to ask them where the usage is to be found on which they ground their assertion ? Of Mr. Aufrere 's authority even they are not certain , and the Treasury Warrant to the Commissioners in 1756 , directly and flatly contradicts them.—But , Sir , be it remarked , that they assert , upon the authority of Mr. A. also , that the expences of their establishment were not to