extraordinary . It was much the same as in a case that he remembered of a gentleman who made proposals in a family where there were several daughters , and when the father inquired which of his daughters it was that was honoured with his choice , replied , `` just which you please . '' Upon which the father was said to have replied , very properly , `` since you are so indifferent , I think it may as well be neither . '' The case however was stronger here , daughters may differ widely ; but they can not properly be said to be contrary or opposite . `` Substantia substantiæ non contrariatur . '' Whereas these bills were in that state of opposition as to be mutually destructive of each other . But the hon . mover was determined to have a bill , and provided he succeeded in that object , it seemed to be no part of his consideration what the bill was . felt extreme surprise that the gentlemen who in former stages of this bill professed themselves its supporters , should now evince a disapprobation of it as not tending to effect what they had first in view . In this particular , the character imputed to it in its present state was an extremely unjust one ; and the hon . gent . who first introduced it , I however he might feel disappointed in not carrying all his object into effect , yet acted with perfect consistency in assenting to it even in its present shape . What some gentlemen had said as to its not being adequate to the suppression of what was intended by the hon . gent. , he did not really comprehend . The hon . gent , who originated the measure , had been himself convinced of the propriety of leaving out the oath , and therefore he thought that the amendments which he had proposed to the bill , were by no means of the nature that had been ascribed to them . The only material amendment in which the hon . member did not concur , was in the insertion of the word `` express '' as to the agreements respecting offices . He could say most sincerely that he had no other object in this amendment , than preventing persons from innocently incurring severe penalties . He so little thought that his amendments deserved the character which had been given of them , that those who 1011 originally supported the bill , and now opposed it , exposed themselves in his opinion , to the imputation of never having been sincere friends to the bill , and seizing hold of the first pretence to vote against it . The right hon . gent . who spoke last had said a great deal , to shew that the bill was not calculated to answer its avowed end . He would ask , if a preamble such as that of the bill in question , pledging parliament against corruption , and all species of the corrupt traffic , was nothing ? Was it of no importance , that the bill should in its declaratory part make , those matters clear respecting the bribery laws , on which , among considerable authorities hitherto , there had been considerable variance ? As to the introduction of the oath , he thought that the difficulties , the practical difficulties , resulting from it , seemed to be admitted even by the right hon . gent . who spoke last . He thought , however , he had no good reason to be satisfied with the rather uncandid manner in which he had been treated . Gentlemen seemed to have agreed in the principle of this bill , for no other purpose than to have a pretence for giving him a vexatious opposition in the committee , to whatever amendment he might , as a member , have felt it his duty to propose . With regard to the hon . mover of the bill , he regretted sincerely if he had failed in satisfying that gentleman of