complained of a Breach of Privilege in the arrest of a member coming to the house . All we could collect on the subject was—from what fell from the Speaker as we entered the gallery , who then observed , that the hon . member was right in bringing it forward , that the Sheriffs were responsible for the acts of their officers , and that when the matter was regularly brought before the house , the offender would , no doubt , be made a proper example of . rose , in pusuance of the notice he gave yesterday , to move for copies of certain Proceedings instituted in the court of King 's Bench by the Attorney-General against John Ogle , esq . in 1800 or 1801 . He stated , that from the information he had received , he had understood that col. Ogle , in the year 1800 or 1801 , had received a letter for raising a levy of men in Ireland ; that he proceeded to carry the same into effect , in the course of which it appeared , that in many accounts presented at the War Office , col. Ogle had been found guilty of mal-practices , which rendered him liable to the charge of forgery and perjury . That in one of those years the Attorney-General had filed an information in the court of King 's Bench against col. Ogle , to which he had entered a plea of not guilty , which plea was however withdrawn afterwards , and judgment by default went against him , so that he stood convicted of those crimes since 1801 , and had never been brought up for judgment , nor had any further proceedings been heard on the subject . He therefore moved , for a Copy of the Information filed by the Attorney-General in the court of King 's Bench against John Ogle , esq . in 1800 or 1801 , and all legal proceedings had thereon . said that the affair of col. Ogle 's levy took place while he was at the head of the War Office , and as far as he had a recollection of the circumstance at present , the accounts were forwarded to gen. Gwynn , who was the inspecting general . Why the law proceeding was stopt he did not know ; but in the War Office he recollected that col. Ogle had been called on to enter into a bond of 10,000l . to pay such sums as should appear against him in the final passing of his accounts . He had no objection to the papers being produced . did not object to the motion , although he thought it unnecessary , as it would be found that Mr. Ogle had entered into some engagements to indemnify the public for the losses that had been sustained . It was not unusual in such cases to call for the payment of lines , and through motives of leniency to suspend the proceedings against individuals in that situation . The motion was then agreed to , as was also a motion , `` That there be laid before this house Copies of all Memorials presented or applications made , by John Ogle , esq . to the War Office , praying for 18 a settlement of his Accounts since the beginning of the year 1801 ; together with Copies of such Answers as have been returned thereto , and all proceedings of the War Office , with reference to col. Ogle 's Accounts . '' rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the production of certain Papers relative to the Conduct of the Paving and Lighting Board of the City of Dublin . He thought that those papers contained information that would materially affect the judgement of the house in deciding en the merits of the Bill now pending ; and as the citizens were not only averse to enlarging the powers of that board to so extravagant a degree , but very anxious to repeal several of the powers already granted to that board by the 47th of the king , as