he had heard with respect to the disposal of the public property to an individual was founded in fact . The circumstance he alluded to was 22 this : he had understood that a portion of the ground belonging to Chelsea Hospital , lying along the bank of the River Thames , and particularly calculated for the air and exercise of the pensioners , had been lately consigned over to the use and possession of col. Gordon . He should forbear from commenting on the nature of such a consignment until he learned from the noble lord whether it was true , or how far it was so ; and , according to the answer he should receive , he would be guided as to the nature of the parliamentary proceeding he might then think it advisable subsequently to adopt . , observing that he was particularly applied to by the hon . baronet , begged leave to assure him , that that was the first time he had heard any thing of the circumstance alluded to , and that therefore it was not in his power to give the hon . baronet any information whatever on the subject . admitted that what the hon . baronet alluded to was not altogether unfounded in fact . The state of the grounds belonging to Chelsea hospital had been submitted to the Commissioners , and it did appear that the Infirmary was inconveniently situated . It was considered that it would prove most advantageous to the interests of that institution , to have the ground that could not be better disposed of let out for building . Under these circumstances it was , he believed , that colonel Gordon had become a holder of that part of the ground . said , that he was glad he had brought the matter before the house , as it was evident that the statement which had been made to him did appear to be founded in fact . It was clear that it ought to be followed up by every possible investigation . He thought it would be requisite that a committee of the house should be appointed to inspect the ground in question , or at least some means should be resorted to for the purpose of ascertaining the value of the ground disposed of , and the manner in which it had been disposed of ; for certain it was , that if it had been disposed of in the manner in which he had been informed it was , there could be no doubt whatever that a great and serious abuse had been committed . professed his entire ignorance of the transaction alluded to . confirmed the statement of Mr. Huskisson ; when sir F. Burdett again rising , here suggested that there was then no question before the house , and asked the hon . baronet , whether it was his pleasure forthwith to submit a motion to the house , or to give notice of such a motion ? said , that he would to-morrow submit to the he a motion on the subject . complained that a Sheriff 's Officer had yesterday seized his person , in his own house , and treated him with great rudeness , which he deemed to be a breach of the privileges of the house . He moved therefore , `` That Daniel Butler , the officer alluded to , do attend at the bar of the house to-morrow , to answer for the said breach of privilege. '' —Ordered . observed , that when the duty should be reduced so low as to meet the wishes of the gentlemen on the other side of the house , the Irish distiller would have an advantage over the English distiller , as the latter was obliged to produce 21 gallons of spirits from 200 weight of sugar , whereas the Irish distiller need only produce 18 . It therefore followed that the Irish spirits would be made stronger for the same duty . He thought it but fair to take notice of this circumstance , although he was ready to conform the duty