plan of economy in this session must fall entirely upon himself . The mischief likewise , if mischief ensue , from his indiscreet assertions , must be laid entirely at his door . The delusion and the disappointment are equally of his own creating . That the hon . gent . 's plan will end in the disappointment of those who gave credit to his assertions , must , I think , be obvious to every member of this house , who has listened to the details brought forward by the hon . gent . I shall not attempt to follow him through all these details . If , indeed , they had been supported by any thing like reasoning or proof , I might have found it necessary to trespass upon the indulgence of the house , with such statements as the arguments of the hon . gent , might have appeared to me to require ? but when the hon . gent , brings forward nothing but a string of bare assertions , it . would be a waste of time to meet them in detail by other assertions of an opposite nature . Indeed , sir , from the manner in which the hon . gent . treats this subject , I am at a loss to understand why he should confine his savings to eleven millions . With the same facility , and by the same process , he might produce a saving of twenty ; and certainly there are other reformers , out of doors , with a degree of self-confidence , equal to that of the hon . gent. , who do not scruple to tell the public that twenty millions might be saved without any detriment to the public service . Their assertions , I make no doubt , are made with the same sincerity , proclaimed with the same patriotic views , and calculated to produce the same beneficial purposes as those of the hon . gent . He , however , is only bound by the minor pledge ; but having been the first to start , his anxiety to redeem that pledge , may , perhaps , have been quickened , this evening , by the bolder strides of those who have since followed him in this mighty career . The first idea of this saving appears to have suggested itself to the hon . gent . 's mind in consequence of a discovery he made in the annual accounts , that the total expenditure of Great Britain , in the year ending the 5th of January , 1808 , was seventy-one millions , and that in the year 1108 ending the 5th of January . 1809 , it was seventy-nine millions . The hon . gent . finds an increase of charge to the amount of eight millions , and the necessary and natural inference is , that a saving of eleven may be made . Having come to this irresistible conclusion , the hon . gent , hastens to publish his discovery at the Crown and Anchor , and has since laboured to make up an account , shewing the means by which this saving may be effected . Before I proceed to say a few words on those means , I will endeavour to state very shortly to the house the principal causes of the increased expence in the year 1809 , compared with the preceding year . This part of the case might have embarrassed the hon . gent . 's calculation , and he therefore very discreetly appears to have excluded it altogether from his account . In the first place there is the augmentation to the charge of the public debt , occasioned by the loan of the year , amounting to about 800,000l . In the navy an increased expense of 1,500,000l . owing principally to the increased price of naval stores . In the army , an increase to the same amount owing to the augmentation of our regular force , and to our having had a great proportion of that force employed in active operations in Spain and Portugal . There