exertions on their part , he tells them what is not true , and attaches blame to them where they do not deserve it . The true cause of the illicit trade is , the great bounties on large stills equal to 1–2d . per gallon , which go to crush in the outset all small stills , and render it impossible for any one to work a small still , in competition with the large stills established under these bounties in the sea-port towns ; for so long as the person having a large still pays less duty , by 12d . per gallon , than a person having a small one , as the expence of carrying a gallon of spirits from one part of the kingdom to another is but 2d . the advantage of 10d . per gallon will enable the former to undersell the latter at his own door ; besides , the person working a large still must , under any circumstances , have great and manifest advantages over the person working the small one , because the expence of working is diminished in proportion to the increased use of the still . Under this system of bounties , it was impossible , therefore , that small stills could be set up ; and when the right hon . gent . says , his bill contains a clause to admit of 50 gallon stills being worked , he knows very well that no still of that size , or of any size under 1000 gallon still can be worked , and his clause is only for the purpose of deluding those who are ignorant of the distillery business . In regard to what he has said about encouraging small stills , by giving them a share in the fines , this is also another delusion , which he is endeavouring to practise on the public ; for what man could be so great a fool as to set up a small still , knowing that he has to contend against the bounties on the large ones , upon the speculation of being reim- 684 bursed in this manner ? On the whole , therefore , the right hon . baronet said , it was utterly impossible to calculate upon any other result of the bill of the right hon . gent . than an increased extent of illicit distillation : if the amendment which he proposed was not adopted , what few stills were now in the country under 1000 gallons content would soon be put down by the bounties , the country would neither be able to buy spirits or to sell their grain ; and when it was placed under such unnatural circumstances , by the system of the right hon . gent. , illicit trade must flourish notwithstanding all the penalties and fines imposed by that system . In fact , even the fines imposed on the county of Cavan , have not put down illicit trade there ; he had received a letter from a person of that county of the greatest respectability , who told him this trade never was in a more flourishing state , even in those parishes most heavily fined . He begged that Irish gentlemen would now see , that this system of bounties and of large stills , was the real cause of this illicit trade , and not suffer themselves to be deluded by the language they had heard about the interests of agriculture , and of the revenue . The truth is , that the agriculture of the country is most materially injured by depriving the interior of the country of the advantages of licensed distilleries which would afford to it , what it has not now , except in a small degree , by the unlicensed distilleries , a ready and constant market for their grain ; and as to revenue , the commissioners of inquiry proved , that under the existing system , the revenue lost a million and a half a year by the gross frauds of the revenue officers , and the illicit distilleries . was sorry that