meet the English ; that the English might themselves , at length , feel the effects of the war ; that they would be destroyed or driven into the sea ; or compelled to do as they had done at Toulon , the Helder , and in Sweden . '' Such language as this , proceeding from a minister of a foreign nation , could not but be most galling to every English feeling ; and what rendered that language still more afflicting was , that the representation it contained , had unfortunately been realised by the event , and might have been pre- 140 vented by ordinary prudence and foresight . Then , an addition of 200,000 men was called out in augmentation of the existing army , as appeared by the Paris papers of the 21st of October , received in this country on the 3d of November . By these channels of information we knew that between the middle of October and the 18th of November , reinforcements of infantry and cavalry , to the amount of 57,390 men , had actually joined the French army in Spain . The report of general Castanos states , that between the 1st of October and the 20th of November , not less than 68,000 men had arrived in Spain ; which , with the force of 45,000 already in that country , made an army of 113,000 men , ( of which 18,000 were cavalry , ) applicable to the reduction of that nation . In this state of information , however , his majesty 's ministers thought proper to send a British army to act against so superior a force in the open country , where their vast superiority in cavalry would give the enemy a decisive advantage , and where there was no adequate native force to support the British army . But even if the Spaniards had an army , which , instead of amounting in the whole to 85,000 men , as far exceeded its actual strength , as the exaggerated accounts received in this country stated , what should have been the first operations of the campaign ? What was to have been expected in the first conflict , between new raised levies , and the best disciplined troops in Europe ? What was to be looked to but losses in the first instance , though by unabated spirit and persevering exertions the Spaniards might ultimately triumph ? The course they should have adopted was to retreat to their fastnesses , and at first to have abandoned a great part of the open country to the enemy , in which they might incessantly harrass him by desultory attacks , and learn in the school of adversity that experience and efficiency which would enable them finally to prevail over their enemies.—Under the actual circumstances of the country , therefore , no one could have supposed that the point selected by ministers would be that , in which the British army must have been employed against so superior a force of the enemy without any prospect whatever of success . It was not , then , till the 12th of October , that sir John Moore began his march from Lisbon for Spain . On the 14th of November he arrived with the head column of his army at 141 Salamanca , and on the 5th of December , when the other columns had successively come up , sir John Moore wrote that general Hope was at Avila , sir David Baird at Astorga , and that he expected within a short time to be able to assemble the whole army . It has been said , in another place , that if any responsibility were to attach any where for this line of march , which the army had taken , that responsibility rested with sir John Moore . Nothing , I contend , can be more unfounded than such an assertion . Sir John Moore had no choice , and the course he actually took was perfectly right , and it will , I am convinced , meet the concurrence of every military authority