or corruption . objected to the clause , and thought it more inapplicable with regard to the object of the bill than the former clause to which the hon . gent . had so strongly objected . That clause had a more general application than the one proposed by the hon . gent. , which applied chiefly , if not solely , to burgage tenures . He thought it would be advisable to defer any discussion or proposition with respect to those burgage tenures until the question affecting the principle of those burgage tenures was fairly before the house . said , that the right hon . gent . seemed to be of opinion that he had a right to challenge those who objected to the wordin nature of the clause to sub- 925 stitute in its place , something better . Now , however it might be thought reasonable that those who objected should also amend , still he was of opinion with many honest country gentlemen who looked with laudable jealousy to the proceedings within that house , that it was in such cases the duty of himself and others , to object , while he left it to those who pressed what was thought objectionable , to prove to the committee that it was not so . He said this much to shew , that the objecting to any proposition in that house did not necessarily call upon the person objecting to remedy the evil of which he complained , because many an honest sound judging man might see gross errors in any measure proposed , without being able at the moment to apply the remedy . After some further observations from the Attorney-General , sir John Anstruther , lords Porchester and Milton , the clause originally proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer was agreed to without a division . The Chancellor of the Exchequer brought up his clause for levying certain penalties on the person procuring his return by any express covenant to give offices . stated his objection to the clause as now read . He contended , that in place of remedying corruption it went to concentrate it . It would give the whole management of that species of influence to the Treasury . Now , next to putting a stop to the principle and practice of corruption , the next wise thing was to have it as diffuse and general as possible . Upon the construction of this clause would depend whether he should support or oppose the bill , convinced that at all times it was better not to legislate than to pass provisions which it was intended not to make efficient . He concluded with moving , as an amendment , that the word `` express '' be left out . did not suppose that , after the discussion of last night , any new light could be thrown upon it . It did not however appear , that if it should be left open to imply an agreement , juries would always presume that the grant of the office was in consequence of the vote given . considered the attack of the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the juries of this country the greatest libel he had ever heard uttered , when he said that juries were not to be entrusted with the character of men in public situations . 926 Where was the express agreement in the measure which gave origin to this bill ? There was certainly a transfer of patronage in that case intended , although no express engagement appeared on the face of any instrument . Was it intended to realize every artifice which led to the same effect , and only inflict penalties upon the bungler ? stated , that if the word 'express ' was continued , the very principle of the bill was altered . If it should be continued , he felt it was his duty to vote against the bill itself . stated his wish on the first view to extend the provisions of this bill to the purchase of seats in parliament , as well by office as by