we wished for security , we must not refuse to pay for it . He disapproved very much of the language which had been held out of doors , and which went to persuade people that this was an enslaved country . For his part , he conceived that it was the most free and happy country in the universe , and he was thankful to providence for assigning it as his lot to be born in this country , and in the present times . As to the conduct of ministers with respect to Spain and Portugal , he thought they were rather too forward than too backward in the assistance they gave . This was an error , however , on the right side , and agreeable to the general feeling of the nation . was of the same opinion , and could not agree with those who were against preparation , from the supposition that invasion was not to be dreaded , and that the deliverance of Europe , or any part of it , was absolutely hopeless . spoke in support of those 339 military opinions which he had so often expressed in the house . He could not allow that the Local Militia was worth the money it cost , or that it would be in any way better than the Training bill . There were always men enough in the country , and it appeared to him that if , without going to the expence of cloathing or training them , they were simply to be enrolled and incorporated with the army , they would be of more use than locked up in such corps as these under militia officers . He could not see why government now wanted so large an accession to the army as 24,000 . Was it that we had suffered losses in Spain to anything near that amount ? or was it , that by their alterations in the system he had the honour of introducing , that the ordinary recruiting had now become defective ? He hoped that ministers did not intend to send out expeditions to wage war against the yellow fever in the West Indies . Victories in that part of the world did not increase the confidence of our allies . He really did not wish to trust ministers with large armies , until he had some idea what they meant to do with them . The noble lord 's conduct in the disposal of our military means , reminded him of a remark applied to one of his predecessors , that money must be employed , else it would burn him if kept in his pockets . Thus it was with the noble lord , give him an increase of the army , and he was ready to throw it away upon any trash . The right hon . member then took a review of all the military improvements introduced by the noble lord ; and adverted to our idle attacks upon the West India islands , lately in the possession of France . Was it proper to make such an application of our means for Sugar Islands , at a moment when this country was actually gorged with sugar ? saw no reason in the arguments of the right hon . gentleman to change the wise system which parliament had adopted . With respect to the expedition against Martinique , he should say that , independent of commercial advantages , the exclusion of France from any possession in that quarter of the world , must at least diminish the drafts of British troops to the defence of our colonial possessions . said , that little as he had made military matters his study , he could not help being struck with the case made out this night by the hon . baronet ( sir T. Turton ) and the right hon . gentleman 340 ( Mr. Windham ) near him . He had given his best attention to the whole debate , and they had perfectly convinced him that the present measure , as well as the Local Militia bill , already passed