that these persons who had thus embarked their goods should not be losers . As to the discussion of the subject , ministers would be anxious , when the proper time arrived , that every possible information should be given to parliament . rose to notice an affair of recent occurrence , particularly as he saw a noble lord present ( the earl of Westmoreland ) , who , he supposed , could give him satisfactory information on the subject , which related to the interests of the military profession , to which he himself had the honour to belong . He alluded to the case of the promotion of lord Burghersh , contrary to the Regulations of the Commander in Chief of the army . He could not help thinking that the duke of York would not have permitted such a promotion . He had before stated , that the army was in many respects under obligations to his royal highness , and particularly for this regulation . His lordship was proceeding to make some observations on the impropriety of a person 's being in the situation of Commander in Chief , who was controulable always by ministers , when he was called to order . His lordship making a few more remarks , the earl of Liverpool rose to order , and observed that no motion was before the house . remarked , that lord Suffolk had not yet sat down . proceeded , and stated , that if he could get no answer , he should , on a future day , move for a copy of the orders of the commander in chief , as well as for the particulars of the promotion of lord Burghersh , as he was sure that such proceeding must be highly injurious to the feelings of the officers of the army in general . Nothing further was said , and his lordship did not fix any day for bringing forward a motion . presented , pursuant to leave given , a bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors in England . The hon . baronet expatiated at some length upon the necessity for this bill , in the miseries long sustained , and still suffered , by the unfortunate persons for whose relief it was intended . The prisons in every part of the kingdom were crowded by those unfortunate persons , in the aggregate proportion of five to three , compared to the number of prisoners for debt at the passing of the last insolvent bill . The prisons of the metropolis especially were crowded almost beyond example ; in so much , that in one prison there were no less than thirteen persons crowded into a room , only fifteen feet by sixteen square , and in no room of that prison were there less than three at this hot season of the year ; so that , in fact , the passing of such a bill was not only a measure of humanity and justice , but of sound policy . The bill was , as nearly as was consistent with its objects , a transcript of the last insolvent bill . He was aware it was at best but a temporary and palliative measure towards alleviating that system of misery and oppression which had so loug subsisted under our statute law , namely imprisonment for debt , which was a disgrace to our civil code , and ought to be abolished altogether ; a consummation , he hoped , ere long , to see effected . The principal difference in the present bill from the last was , to extend the limitation of debt , up to which prisoners were to be relieved , from 1500l . to 2000l . and to allow the prisoner surrendering his property to obtain his liberation , to retain 10l . instead of 5l . and furniture and working tools to the amount of 40l . instead of 30l . with some minor regulations in favour of persons committed by courts of conscience ; and he trusted to the humanity and benevolence of the legislature , for the adoption of