reversion , that even since the Report had been presented to the house , one of the offices of the description recommended to be abolished , had been granted in reversion , after the demise of the person at present in possession of it . Parliament , however , 412 had a good opportunity for carrying into effect the recommendations of the Report by the abolition of such offices , when they made a provision for retiring Judges and Chancellors . The provision so made might well have been made the purchase of the patronage of the Judges in the appointment to those offices which were recommended to be abolished . Whoever recollected that the situations of the Judges had been formerly held during pleasure : whoever called to mind that the salaries of the Judges had been , from time to time , increased ( though it was not his intention to disapprove of such increase , or to state , that the increase was even sufficient , yet ) whoever looked to either of these events , must be sensible that the abolition of these offices might on either occasion have been provided for . The sale of offices in the courts of justice was really a disgrace to the institutions of the country ; and , though no abuse had arisen from it , as far as the administration of justice was concerned , yet it was a practice which had better be discontinued . And , therefore , he most earnestly hoped , that the labours of the Finance Committee would prove more effectual than those of any former Committee . He was not vain enough to suppose , that the remedies he had to propose would be effectual to his object ; but he trusted that it would be admitted on all hands that some remedies were necessary . One thing was clear , that wherever an abuse was pointed out , a remedy ought , if possible , to be applied . He should , therefore , hardly have thought that there could be any objection to the Resolutions which he was about to submit to the house ; so obviously proper upon the bare statement of them , and , though not exactly borne out by the very words of the Report , yet in every respect conformable to its object and spirit , had he not heard that it had been said out of doors ( he begged pardon for the irregularity of the allusion ) that these sinecure places and pensions were so intimately connected with the prerogatives and rights of the crown , as to form the palladium of the British constitution . When gentlemen considered the enormous increase of the public taxes since the year 1786 ; when they considered that the army and the navy had been augmented nearly tenfold ; when they looked to the existing state of the continent , and contemplated what was likely to be the state of Europe hereafter , when even in the event of peace , we could not return to a small peace establishment ; 413 when they contemplated all these circumstances , it was impossible for them to be of opinion , that the influence of the crown would be materially diminished by the abolition of sinecures . It appeared by the Report , that the whole of the expenditure of the year in 1791 , including the militia establishment , ( but he admitted upon a peace establishment , ) amounted to fifteen millions nine hundred and sixty nine thousand pounds . The expenditure of the last year was 77,800,000l . The influence of the crown , in consequence of such an increase of expenditure , could not therefore , be much affected by the abolition of sinecures . There would still remain to the crown the legitimate patronage in the appointment to all situations , naval , military , civil , and judicial . It would still have the appointments connected with the collection of the revenue , and many others which were unknown in former times . Surely , then , it could not be seriously