before the consideration of the house , as he was convinced that money grants would then be rejected with the utmost indignation that are now conferred without any notice being taken of them . As to the fondness that now prevailed for pensions and sinecures , he could not avoid relating an anecdote : —A French nobleman had once expressed a fear to him that the Red Book of England would be as ominous as the livre rouge of France . Such was the strange ambition which formerly prevailed in France , that many noblemen would consider themselves more highly honoured in having a pension of a few thousand livres from the gift of the king , than in as many thousand louis d'ors from their own estates . He feared that in England , too , it was now considered honourable to have pensions and sinecures from the public money .. The question was then put , and carried unanimously , that the Report of the Committee should be taken into consideration this day se'nnight . rose for the purpose of moving an humble Address , expressing the thanks of that house to his majesty for the communication of his most gracious Message . There was no necessity for his taking up much of their lordships ' time in shewing the propriety of granting a loan of 600,000l . to his royal highness the prince Regent of Portugal . He would call to their lordships ' recollection , that when the unfortunate change of affairs obliged the prince Regent to quit his hereditary dominions , and seek an asylum on the continent of America , his majesty 's government thought it wise and prudent to give every encouragement to so magnanimous an undertaking . His royal highness had to convey the whole of his family , and a great part of those who formed the court of Lisbon , and for this purpose it was thought expedient to grant from this country the sum of 80,000l . It had been certainly granted without a direct application to parliament , because there was no session at the time , and had been afterwards considered among the 433 Army Extraordinaries . The result of the Portuguese court emigrating to a distant country , naturally induced many others to follow them to their new residence ; and for still further aiding this loyal spirit of the Portuguese , another sum was at that time advanced of about 80,000l . making in the whole 160,000l . It was for the purpose of enabling his royal highness to repay those sums which had been expended in his behalf , and of enabling him to meet those difficulties which attended him in the Brazils , that his majesty had been induced to agree , that the loan should be granted . The Prince Regent on all occasions had most signally manifested himself the faithful ally of Great Britain . He would not detain the time of the house by any further observation , but should move , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , thanking him for his most gracious communication , and assuring his majesty this house will readily comply with the request his majesty had condescended to communicate for the purpose of being better enabled to perform any stipulation which his majesty had thought proper to make with his royal highness the Prince Regent of Portugal . '' said , he did not rise with the intention of proposing any objection in the way of this loan being granted to the Prince Regent of Portugal . A prince who on all occasions had shewn himself a true friend and faithful ally to this country , was deserving of every assistance , when dire necessity enforced him to quit his hereditary dominions , and seek refuge in another quarter of the globe . Had the loan been greater than 600,000l . no opposition would have proceeded from him , after he had heard the explanation given by the noble secretary . But on this occasion he was induced to express his opinion as an individual , of those loans which