, the idea was entertained , as I should say of overturning the government , but as even the authors of the attempt must say , of 753 totally changing the constitution of parliament , not by pointing out any practical grievance under which men laboured , but by convincing them that , the whole of the British constitution , such as it then existed , and such as it had existed for ages , was an infraction upon the rights of man . The notion was new of attempting to make a great change in the practical concerns of mankind , by the mere force of metaphysical reasoning . But wild and extravagant as such an attempt may be , and little , happily , as was its final success at the period alluded to , we must not speak too slightingly of it , when we recollect what share such notions had in bringing about the French revolution , of which they ostensibly made the basis . At the end of 12 or 14 centuries , the French monarchy , at the moment of its greatest mildness , and when all that was harsh and odious in it was daily wearing away , was overthrown , with all the circumstances which we have witnessed , ostensibly by the mere force of metaphysical reasoning , and what is more humiliating , if not more extraordinary , by metaphysical reasoning of the most contemptible sort ! This mode however has now lost much of its efficacy , and has got to be rather out of fashion . In seeking to imbody the natural and unavoidable discontents of mankind for the purpose of overturning governments , which is the general description of what I should understand by Jacobinism , it has become necessary to have recourse to something more solid and substantial than mere grievances of theory , and to take the discontents arising from real causes , whether the discontents themselves be reasonable or not , and then to connect these with something either in the frame or practice of the government . The discontents you are sure of . They can never be wanting , as long as men are men . Since the days of qui fit Mecœnas , down to the present moment , few have ever been found , who were so contented with their lot , whether chosen by themselves , or cast upon them by Providence , ut illâ contend vivant : and if they can not be said , laudare diversa sequentes , they at least think that their own situation is not so good as it ought to be , or as a little change would make it . In a country like this , where a great portion of our immense riches is paid in contribution to the public service , no man will ever think himself as rich as he ought to be : for though the wealth of the country has increased in full proportion , I believe , to its burthens , that is to say , to its expenses ; and though there 754 never was a time when that wealth was more evenly diffused through all ranks and classes of people , yet as luxury has increased in at least an equal proportion , every man may in some sense continue to feel himself poor , inasmuch as the interval will not be increased between , his income , and his expenditure . Because , let his wealth he what it will , if his expences increase in such a way as to continue to press equally upon the bounds of his income , he will never be a bit richer , with respect to any disposable surplus , but will be equally under the necessity of parting with some article of pride or enjoyment which he wishes to keep , whenever he is called upon for any contribution to the service of the state . It is therefore the singular and melancholy characteristic of the state of poverty here described , that it is one which riches can not cure . In common cases if