Parliament , not only on account of our friend his father , but because he is a young man of most extraordinary promise , with his whole mind turned to public business , and likely to become in time one of the greatest ornaments and supports of the country . His father will , I am sure , have no objection to advance the sum which you require , and which is very moderate and you will , I am persuaded , be happy in introducing a young man likely to do so much credit to your recommendation . ' 739 All this I am taught to understand is grossly corrupt , much in the same way as any act of peculation or embezzlement . I can only say in the first instance that I am sorry for it : because some such things have I am afraid been done in the best times , and by those commonly accounted the best men . I am sorry to be obliged to part with so much of the admiration which I have been accustomed to feel for supposed virtue and character , and to confess that those eminent men , early and recent , whom we have hitherto looked up to as patterns of virtue and the pride and ornament of the country , were little better than corrupt knaves . It is painful , I say , to part with these convictions , and to be compelled to confess the world less virtuous than we had supposed it . It may be forgiven to us , therefore , if we make some struggle in defence of our former opinions , and if I venture to ask , as an humble inquirer , and for the sake of information , what is the precise nature and character of this corruption , and in what part of the transaction , that is to say , with which of the parties , it is supposed principally to reside . As to the minister , who is the party first seized upon , and against whom the charge is most pressed , his guilt can be only derivative and dependent on that of others . He is only the go-between , the broker , the procuress , if you please , who brings the parties together : but unless the parties meet for some ill purpose , his office is innocent . Of the two parties then , which is the most criminal , the giver or the receiver ? the buyer or the seller ? or is their guilt equal ? Let us know a little more distinctly , what is the rule and principles which we mean to lay down . Is it meant to be stated generally , that no place of trust and confidence , no place to which important duties are annexed , shall be disposed of for a valuable consideration ? that the sale of a place of trust is , in all circumstances and in every instance , a corrupt and criminal transaction ? If it is , then does both the law and the practice of various countries , and of this country among others , sanction and authorise most corrupt and criminal transactions . I would quote , in the first instance , the whole of the parliaments under the old monarchy of France ; which , though not parliaments in our sense of the word , were of a nature to make the disposal of seats in them for money , a proceeding , if it were wrong at all , infinitely more wrong 740 than the same proceeding would be here ; for the parliaments in France were judicial tribunals , courts of judicature , in which the whole civil and criminal justice of that renowned and enlightened kingdom , was administered ; and where , in spite of those vulgar national prejudices , under which we have some times been supposed to labour , and which lead us to believe that nothing can be right or good , but what is conformable to our peculiar notions and institutions , justice was ,