might be made under it , before the actual change should be approved ; so that at whatever time we should agree to a modification of the system , 21 years must elapse before it could become effectual . Under these circumstances , and from this pressing consideration , he felt himself obliged , as a friend to the principle of 647 tithe reform , to oppose the introduction of the present bill , which must inevitably delay , and would probably prevent for ever that reform which he desired . supported the motion . He thought the tithe system in England was perfect in comparison to that of Ireland , and although the present proposition did not go to remedy the evil , yet it pledged the house , that early in next session they would turn their attention to it . moved the Previous Question , as he saw no prospect of the house being able to discuss the measure during this session , and it was only encouraging a feeling which they could not gratify . On the Previous Question being put from the Chair , rose , and stated his anxiety that some remedy should be adopted for the evils complained of , but he saw no prospect of effecting any thing effectual during the present session . The house were at present much in want of information upon the subject of Irish policy , a circumstance which was much to be regretted , but as it could not proceed to propose a remedy , he should wish this question to be disposed of by the previous question , rather than an actual negative . Mr. Secretary Canning thought it amounted to the same thing , whether the house disposed of this question by a direct negative , or by the previous question being put , as it was evident to him , that the time , propriety , or expediency of the measure , held out no prospect of its being possible to remedy the evils complained of during this session . It was not by sudden fits nor starts that any great evil could be got rid of ; but there must necessarily be many considerations of all its bearings , and much discussion upon every point , and every interest affected by a change previous to its adoption . Although the union of the two countries had identified the interests of them both , yet still there was a necessity for nice discrimination before any alteration of a particular system should take place as to , or so as to assimilate it with that of the other , as much depended upon local circumstances . He should vote for the previous question , although it was not usual to propose it upon the bringing in a bill , as he did not object to the motion upon principle . If , however , he thought , that it had been proposed with a view to infringe upon 648 the established church , he should certainly object to the measure upon its principle . said there was no reason to apprehend that the measure for remedying the evils complained of could infringe upon the Protestant Church , as it was one of the essential ) provisions of the Union that that should be maintained as the established religion of the land . He understood that the generality of the ecclesiastical bodies in Ireland were all in favour of a change in the system of collecting tithes , and it was only a few of the higher order who objected to it . said in reply that he by no means desired an abolition of tithes ; that he did not wish for any alteration , but such a one as would secure the clergy a fair equivalent for what they now possessed ; that the inference he drew from the relative numbers of Catholics and Protestants went merely to this , that if nine-tenths of the people were to pay the clergy of the remaining one-tenth , they ought to be permitted to pay them in the way the most easy and agreeable to