mischief which existed at present , and which it was the bounden duty of that house to correct . A right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) had said on a former night , that , besides the great officers of state , it was necessary that others connected with the public departments should have seats in parliament , as the duties of their situations were intimately connected with the business of that house , and could not be effectually discharged if they were excluded from seats in it . Granted : this he did not pretend to deny . It was never his wish to exclude a reasonable proportion of the gentlemen connected with the public departments from that house ; but he thought that some limits should be set to the number , and was convinced that there were at present more than were necessary among the members of that house . He begged to be understood in this observation as leaving the persons so circumstanced altogether out of his consideration , and looking only to the practice . Many of the hon . members who were in that situation were highly respectable , and would , no doubt , give their votes independently on the same side as at present , even if they had no connection with government or the public departments . Any observa- 939 tions , therefore , which he should have to make , would not apply to the particular persons now in office : others had before them been in the same situation , as others might after them ; the practice alone he condemned , and to that he should be a most decided enemy , whoever might be involved in it . In looking to the list upon the table he was prepared to assert , that it did not appear to him necessary that all the commissioners of the Admiralty should have seals in that house . Whenever the First Lord , as it often happened , was not a member of that house , two Commissioners and the Secretary of the Admiralty would obviously be enough to have seats in that house , and fully adequate to do all the parliamentary business of that department . The same observation he should make respecting the Commissioners of the Treasury , of whom he was of opinion , that only a certain proportion , together with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , should be allowed to sit in parliament . In the Ordnance department , as the Master general was scarcely ever a member of that house , he was of opinion that the Secretary might be allowed to become a member of that house ; bat he could see no reason why the Storekeeper , the Treasurer , and the Clerk of the Delivery , should be eligible to seats in parliament ? With regard to the Paymasters of the Army , it would be desirable that the Principal Paymaster should sit in that house ; but there could be no necessity whatever for admitting either the joint or the deputy paymaster to the same privilege . As to the Board of Controul , as the business of that office had very little connection with the details of parliament , he could see no reason why any more than the President of that Board should have permission to sit in parliament . Having said that he would not object to the efficient officers of the State being members of that house , and even having admitted that some of the subordinate officers connected with the public departments might be allowed to sit in parliament , in order that they might have an opportunity to become acquainted with the business of that house , and fit themselves for higher offices , he should confine his concessions to them , because he did not think it at all necessary , that any other placemen should have seats in that house . He should now leave that part of the question , and go to his majesty 's Household , the individuals connected with which having seats in that