in the country , that his decision in favour of a march by land was sound upon military principles . It would certainly not have been desirable for him to venture on an uncertain passage by sea at that season , nor would it have been prudent in him to land his army in a country which had not the means of affording him the necessary supplies . On the 15th of November , sir David Baird began his march from Corunna , and on the 14th of that month the head of sir John Moore 's army arrived at Salamanca.—Having thus stated what was the situation of the British army in the middle of November , I beg now to call the attention of your lordships to the situation of the French army at that period . On the 4th of November the French reinforcements had arrived in great strength in Spain , so as to enable their army to commence active operations . In point of fact , the French had begun to act on the 26th of October , as appears by their having surrounded and taken a column of 1,200 men . On the 30th of October the French began to act against the army of general Blake , and between that and the 11th of November totally destroyed or dispersed that army . On the 4th of November Buonaparté arrived at Vittoria ; on the 10th the army of Estremadura was destroyed ; and on the 13th Buonaparté actually established his head-quarters at Burgos , the very point where our army was to unite , one day before the head of sir John Moore 's army arrived at Salamanca ; two days before sir David Baird began his march from Corunna.—All these were circumstances that might have been foreseen by any ordinary capacity ; and with the certainty that such circumstances must have taken place , it was the height of madness to send a British army to act 142 in the North of Spain . It was the opinion also of sir John Moore , that the whole of the British army under his command should have been assembled on the Portuguese frontier , and directed its march to Seville , and not to Salamanca . If that plan of operations had been adopted , he might , if pressed , retire behind the Tagus , and thence into the province of Andalusia , where there was an important iron foundery at Seville ; where the spirit of the people was most enthusiastic ; and where there was a secure and impregnable port , Cadiz , to which in any emergency the British army could securely retreat . The port of Cadiz was capable of affording shelter to the fleet , and security to the army if obliged to fall back upon it . But here I do not mean to go into the cause of that jealousy which existed with respect to admitting our troops into that port ; yet , if such a jealousy could have prevailed after we had sent a large army into that province to assist the cause of Spain , at all events our own impregnable fortress , Gibraltar , was a point , to which the army could securely retreat . That plan of operations would have been best for the security of the British army ; most effectual for the Spanish cause , because it would establish the British army as a reserve round which the native troops might rally ; and most harrassing to the French , because it would oblige them to act upon a more extended line.—But scarcely had sir David Baird begun his march , when at Lugo he heard of the destruction of general Blake 's army : on his arrival at Astorga , he heard of the dispersion of the army of Estremadura : so that before he could have arrived at the scene of action , every army , from which he could have hoped for support , had been destroyed . And here I must beseech your lordships ' attention to the Letter of sir D. Baird ,