every man in the country.—It was a singular circumstance in the hostility ? shewn to his majesty 's ministers , with respect to their conduct in the affairs of Spain , that each individual who censured their plan had a plan of his own , but that unfortunately none of these plans had a single principle of agreement with each other . This at least shewed the difficulty under which his majesty 's ministers had laboured in the formation of their own measures , although it afforded a facility in defending them . He was convinced , that he should be able satisfactorily to prove to their lordships two things ; the first , that the plan adopted by his majesty 's ministers with respect to Spain , was the most wise and expedient , that could have , been adopted in the view in which circumstances at first presented themselves ; and that it 152 was pursued with the utmost steadiness and firmness ; the second , that , had any other plan been adopted after more full information had been obtained , it would probably not have been more successful than the plan adopted by them . The noble earl had contended that his majesty 's ministers had been remiss in not having made a great effort in Spain itself in the first instance . Now , before any opinion could be formed on the propriety of such a step , it must be considered , that prior to any extensive operation of the nature alluded to , it must have been necessary to look for some safe port , where the troops might be disembarked without danger ; into which the victuallers could be received with ease , and near which the men of war might have remained for the purpose of co-operation . As a general principle , he might safely contend that it was impracticable , and that if practicable , it was not wise to send a large British army into the interior of any continental country , without the previous attainment of the means by which that army would be rendered secure . These means were wholly wanting on the North West Coast of Spain , recommended by the noble earl . No security could there be found for re-embarkation of troops ; no facility existed there for extensive operations . There was considerable danger even to single ships off that coast , and the provinces there were worse supplied with provisions than any other in Spain . If any confirmation of these assertions were wanting , it would be found in the opinion of the marquis de Romana , who , being to be sent with his limited force to St. Andero , where he had every inducement to wish , for the neighbourhood of a British army , distinctly declared , that we might have an entrepot at Corunna , at Vigo , at Ferrol , at Lisbon ; but at no port on the North West of Spain . Thus far it was proved that such a measure would be militarily impracticable . It remained to shew that had it not been militarily impracticable , it would have been politically inexpedient at that time to have sent a large British army into Spain . Spain rose by separate provinces ; these separate provinces had separate Juntas , separate armies , and separate generals . There was no common center of union , and although he did not state this as an objection to sending a definite force for a definite object ; yet he contended , that considering the unavoidable jealousies which must have existed among so many authorities of equal rank and power , it would 153 have been highly imprudent to have trusted a British army in the heart of Spain , until some one of those authorities obtained a predominating influence . He knew that it had been urged as matter of complaint , that demands had been made for assistance by some of the provinces in Spain , which demands had been uncomplied with . Ten thousand men had been asked for by the province of