manner in which these gentlemen had done , would the Commissioners remain satisfied with it ? Would any better proof of fraud be required , than that a single item had been kept back in his accounts by the bankrupt ? He should support the Resolutions ; but whatever might be the fate of them , he should afterwards move for an Address to his majesty , to direct the Attorney-General to prosecute these Commissioners for malversation in their trust . stated , that previous to the passing the act of the 25th of the king , there had existed no effectual mode of passing and auditing accounts . Under that act these Commissioners , as public accountants , would be compelled to go with their accounts to the Public Auditors . I any blame was imputable to any government , it undoubtedly must be to that government which existed when these Commissioners had been appointed . But the act by which they had been appointed required them to furnish their accounts when called for , and to take their instructions from the privy council.—As to the proportion of their remuneration , his idea was , that when their business should be completed , that point would be settled ; but he never could have had an idea that they would take to themselves a poundage upon their sales . To him personally , if any blame was imputable to any one , it might be said to attach . But as to what had been stated by the hon . gent . who opened this business , relative to any leaning he might be supposed to have towards one of these Commissioners , ( Mr. John Bowles ) he could assure that hon . gent. , that he knew as much of that person , and was as well acquainted with him as he was himself . And what was more , he could 303 assure him , that he had never read any of his pamphlets , though he would allow that they were regularly laid upon his table . He had only to add , that a neglect such as had taken place on this subject might happen in the hurry of business to any government . He had ever been a friend to inquiries such as the one which had detected this transaction , because it was impossible for any man to say , that he never omitted any part of his duty ; and the benefit of such inquiries was , that they brought to light any omissions which might take place . He trusted , however , that the neglect was not of such a character in this instance , as to induce the house to adopt the Resolution of censure upon the government , proposed by the hon . gentleman . rose and said ; Sir ; there are several reasons which prevent my suffering this question to go to a vote without expressing my opinion upon the conduct of the Dutch Commissioners , and of those who ought to have paid some attention to their proceedings . A great smoke has long issued from the office of the Dutch Commissioners . Persons have often said that the Dutch Commission was a great job , that if it were enquired into , it would be found to be so : but no mortal alive ever expected to find such a blazing fire as that which is now known to have been so long burning in Broad-street . The right hon . gent . who has just sat down ( Mr. Rose ) has , after the fashion of a noble colleague of his in office , behaved himself with great decency : he has candidly confessed the omissions of that Board of Treasury with which he was connected ; his own in particular , as arising out of the situation in which he was formerly placed , where it was his more peculiar duty to have attended to what these gentlemen were about.—It must be said of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose