carried on . Before the Revolution the government was conducted out of parliament ; but since the Revolution the practice of the constitution was , that it should be conducted in parliament , and principally in that house . It was essential , therefore , that the servants of government should be there in person . What use , however , could there be of persons who had places holding seats in parliament if they had no business to do there ? Of this description were the officers referred to by his noble friend.—As to sinecures or pensions for life , he thought it not fair to extend the principle of exclusion to all who might hold such appointments . In this country rewards for services were conferred in various ways , and to some persons it might be more gratifying , that the reward should descend to their families than be enjoyed by themselves . Would it not be hard , that in a case of this kind , the person enjoying such reward should be excluded from parliament , though altogether independent of the crown . He himself held a place for life , in lieu of his seat on the Chancery Bench in Ireland . He was not , however , under any obligation , to the crown for it ; he held it under an act of parliament . He could not , therefore , agree , that all persons holding situations for life should be ex- 948 cluded from parliament , so long as they were situations that rendered them independent . The noble lord ( Folkestone ) said , that persons holding pensions had no common interest with the people of this country . Did the noble lord mean that he had no interest in the Habeas Corpus , or in the constitution ? He should be glad to know why he had no interest in all the laws existing for the preservation of the liberty of the country and civil prosperity of the kingdom , because he held an office for life ? It had been recognised that since the Revolution ministers should sit in parliament , but never that they should be suffered to influence or controul the decision of parliament . If it were so , what would it amount to , but that two branches of the government were to be corrupted by the third ? This house , however , never did give to the crown any power so to influence it . The influence of the crown in our naval , military , and other branches , had greatly increased . Without entrenching on the constitutional influence of the crown , he thought something might be done by agreeing to the motion of his hon . friend , which would prove useful to the country , creditable to the house , and satisfactory to the public . If the house rejected the motion , it would appear , as if they intended to do nothing at ail in the business now suggested . explained , that he did not mean that pensioners had no common interest with the people , but that they had an interest separate and distinct from die interest of the people . said , that he could by no means agree with the hon . mover in the premises he had laid down , and of course it could not be expected that he should agree in his conclusion . He could neither agree with him , that the influence of the crown over that house had increased in a great and unparalleled degree , nor could he agree with him in supposing that it would be advantageous to reduce the number of placemen in that house . There was one pare of the original argument which was now abandoned . It was no longer insisted that the number of placemen in that house had increased of late years ; and it had been correctly stated by a noble lord ( H. Petty ) that far less than a century ago , the number of placemen in that house was in a proportion of