was , according to parliamentary usage , a way of shewing that the house had taken the case into ifs consideration , and that having weighed all the circumstances , they did not think it necessary to come to any criminating Resolutions . In order , however , to express this opinion more clearly and unmistakeably , he would rather wish that instead of the orders of the day , a Resolution should be substituted , declaring that the house saw no reason for a criminating resolution.—Mr . Secretary Canning concluded , by stating , that when the present question was disposed of , he should submit to the house the following Resolution : `` That it is the duty of this house to maintain a jealous guard over the purity and independence of parliament ; but that this house duly weighing the Evidence before it , and all the circumstances of the case , and considering that the intention referred to in that Evidence was not carried into effect , this house does not think it necessary to come to a criminatory Resolution upon the same . '' spoke for some time , but there was such a general cry of question ! question ! that we could not collect his sentiments . said it was not his intention to offer himself to the house ; but the Resolution of the right hon . Secretary had put the noble lord 's case on a new footing . After debating the question several hours , the right hon . Secretary had brought forward the same Resolution proposed by an hon . member ( Mr . Bankes . ) The hon . gent . had perhaps over-heard some conversation , and finding the orders of the day would not do , because that motion could not be carried , he had brought forward his Resolution . He wished rather to be lenient than severe towards lord Castlereagh ; but when so much had been said about the great candour of his defence , he must observe that in his defence he had only repeated what he had said before the Committee ; and it must be recollected that the fact had been fully proved against lord Castlereagh in the Committee by the evidence of lord Clancarty and others , before lord Castlereagh had himself been examined . He did not see that it was any mitigation to say that lord Castlereagh had been so particular about the fitness of the person recommended , as those writerships were always given to boys , and the son of a chimney-sweeper might be just as fit as the son of a nobleman , if he had interest to get a recommendation . As the fact was not only clearly proved , but confessed , he could not see how the house could avoid expressing its displeasure . When the house ordered Mr. Davison to be prosecuted for a lesser offence , with respect to corrupt influence at elections , he could not see how , with any shadow of impartial justice , they could come to such a resolution as was proposed by the right hon . secretary . in his reply , denied that he meant to impute to lord Castlereagh any knowledge of pecuniary advantage to be gained by the business . At half past , two o'clock the house divided on the original motion.—Ayes , 167 . Noes , 210.—Majority 49 against it . The gallery was not re-opened to strangers , and the house shortly afterwards divided on Mr. Canning 's Amendment.—Ayes , 214 . Noes , 167.—Majority 47. then proposed , that there should be added to Mr. Canning 's Amendment words to this effect— '' That the house was confirmed in its opinion , that it 256 was unnecessary to proceed further in the case , from the openness which the noble lord had displayed , and the regret which he had expressed for his conduct . '' This , however , was negatived without a division.—Strangers were not again admitted , but we understand that Mr. Madocks stated his anxiety to assure the house , that it