drink , or clothing for themselves and families a sufficient excuse , he would say that it never was allowed as an excuse for dishonest actions . If it were , any person indicted at the Old Bailey for a robbery would say it was only for the purpose of getting meat , drink , and clothing for himself and family . Such an excuse would not be admitted at that place . If the salaries of these places were not sufficient , did any body oblige these men to become excisemen ? He must therefore support the original motion , as he conceived the promotion of such a person highly improper . did not think his hon . friend ( Mr. Croker ) had maintained the general proposition that the hon . and learned gent . imputed to him . It was to be considered that in this particular case , when all the excise-officers in Ireland had been in the habit of taking certain regular presents from the distillers , it would have been impossible to dismiss them all at once , as although that might be good in the way of example , yet it would be a sacrifice of the revenues of Ireland for two years . If it were not contended that all the revenue officers of Ireland should be dismissed , there was no reason why the best of them should not be promoted . This man , although he had taken money as others did , yet in other respects he did his duty . The cause , however , of this great corruption had now been removed by the increase of the officers ' salaries , and the act might in future be strictly enforced . The act was of a prospective and not of a retrospective 791 nature ; and as to the case of Mr. Hill , there had been no legal conviction against him , nor any thing but his own confession before the commissioners , which was not asked for the view of turning him out of his place . It did not appear to him that it was desired to select this man or any other for punishment , and therefore , if he were allowed to stay in the revenue , he saw no reason why he should not be promoted if he was diligent and useful . spoke shortly in favour of the motion . He expressed his surprize at what had fallen from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that a man should be continued in office who had been found guilty of corruption . He for his own part thought that a more flagrant abuse of power was never heard of ; a more unblushing breach of purity , he was certain , never till then appeared before that house , and as such he thought it his duty to give it his decided reprobation . replied , generally , to the several arguments urged against his motion . He thought the defence set up so extremely weak and defective , that it was only necessary to make a few observations . He insisted that the charge of Mr. Beauchamp Hill had been made out as strongly as the case would permit . The malt books of Ross Crea walk had not been returned . It was said some of them had been carried away ; but what remained , proved that Mr. B. Hill was the surveyor then , that 15,000 gallons of pot ale had been found there suppressed ; so that if you could not positively say a charge was found , it was very reasonable to suppose it . He declared he did not previously know Mr. B. Hill , nor any of his connexions , nor any of those persons in whose room he had been promoted ; so that he could not be actuated by the slightest bias or motive of favour or partiality . The first he knew of Mr. Hill was seeing his name in the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry He censured the ground of argument that men known to be corrupt should