increase of taxes , if that increase arose not from any necessity founded on the inadequacy of the taxes already imposed , but to make up for the frauds of revenue officers , who , instead of being dismissed and punished , were retained and indemnified . expressed his wonder that such a clause should receive the sanction of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , contrary as it was to all the principles usually respected in that house . It was unsupported by any precedent in former amnesty bills ; for it went to extend pardon not only to the comparative few who appeared to have acknowledged their guilt , but to the thousands who never make any acknowledgment at all ; so that the house had no mode of measuring the indefinite extent of criminality which they were called on to vote . It was a direct attack on public morality , and held out encouragement to the revenue officers in England , to commit the like offence , for surely it was quite impossible the right hon . gent . would follow up with pains and penalties , the same class of persons in England for frauds on the revenue , in violation of their trust , or even against poor wretches defrauding the revenue , otherwise having no place of trust , but equally pleading the inadequacy of their incomes to the support of their families ; while the revenue officers of Ireland , notoriously , and 965 for a series of years , guilty of such frauds , were to be indemnified , protected , retained in their places , and ameliorated in their circumstances . He trusted that house would never disgrace itself by the adoption of such a clause . was somewhat surprized at the indignation assumed by his hon . and learned friend at this clause , after the explanation which had been given ; and spoke at some length in support of the clause upon the same ground as Mr. Foster . No man , he said , could for a moment seriously suppose that the clause was intended to sanction corruption or criminality , but merely to prevent the recurrence of similar abuses , without that inconvenience to the public service which the immediate dismissal of all the excise officers in Ireland must occasion . spoke of the clause in the strongest terms of reprobation , and asked , would the right hon . gent . venture to propose such a clause to that house in protection of the revenue officers of England , if they had been guilty of such crimes ? He was a good deal astonished at several of the measures which had passed that house in relation to Ireland , since the administration of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer for that country commenced ; but he owned this proposition surprized him more than all the rest , supported as it was by the speech and vote of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) . To continue those fraudulent officers in their places , not only indemnified and protected , but rewarded and encouraged , was beyond every thing he had ever witnessed ; and this , too , upon the pretence that men could not be found in Ireland to fill their places . He could not credit the assertion ; he knew of no extraordinary talents it required to do the duty of an exciseman . But if no men fit to do these duties were to be found in that country , they should be imported from some other . It was ridiculous to suppose that men in the habit of living by their frauds , at four or five hundreds or thousands a year , could be rendered honest by the addition of thirty or forty pounds to their salaries . gave ministers credit for the best intentions in supporting this clause , but thought they would be woefully disappointed in the result . In relation to the continuance of those fraudulent officers , with the hope of reform , he should