my public situation , my public character , and all that is dear to me as a man , for the purpose of serving a private friend , or procuring an addition of an individual to the party to which I belonged . I do not wish to disguise any thing : I do not wish to justify any thing upon principle , which might be inconsistent with the dignity of parliament . Having stripped the case of its aggravation , having stated that I was influenced by no interested or corrupt motive , that I do not think the individual would have been led to surrender up his principles , and , above all , that no elector was likely to be corrupted by the transaction , I have only to express my sincere regret that motives of private friendship , or a wish to have the assistance of competent persons in the government , should have led me into the adoption of any conduct that rendered an inquiry by this house necessary . The evidence is before you upon which you are to form your judgment , and whatever decision you may pronounce , I shall submit to it with deference . His lordship withdrew on concluding his defence , and the Evidence being entered as read , lord A. Hamilton proposed the following Resolutions : —1st . `` That it appears to this house , from the Evidence on the table , that lord viscount Castlereagh in the year 1805 , he having just quitted the office of President of the Board of Controul , and being then a Privy Counsellor and Secretary of State , did place at the disposal of lord Clancarty , a member of the said Board , the nomination of a Writership to India , for the purpose of thereby procuring the said lord Clancarty a Seat in this honourable house . 2nd . That it was owing to a disagreement among other subordinate parties to the transaction , that this corrupt negotiation did not take effect.—3rd . That lord viscount Castlereagh has been by the said conduct guilty of a violation of his duty , of an abuse of his influence and authority as President of the Board of Controul , and also of an attack upon the purity and constitution of this house . '' —Sir ; when a man who has served the public in a high office for many years , is called upon to defend himself from charges such as those contained in the noble lord 's Resolutions , it is a matter of great moment , and requiring much deliberation . In the course of the speech which the noble lord made , he 225 disavowed any intention of defending himself upon principle : I do not intend to defend him upon principle either , and am sorry that it is not in my power to do so . I am not inclined to weaken the impression made by the speech of my noble friend , by going at any length into the case , but I feel it necessary to refer briefly to the proceedings . It appears , that Mr. Reding , in his interview with lord Castlereagh , told him that he had the means of assisting him in coming into parliament . Lord Castlereagh informed Mr. Reding , that he did not want a seat himself , but conceiving that he made the offer as agent for a person willing to assist the government , he referred him to lord Clancarry , whom his lordship well knew , and who was his particular friend ; in some time alter , he was told that the business was blown over , and that nothing was done . The simple fact is , that lord Castlereagh said that he could procure the situation of a writership , which he would apply to the purpose of facilitating that specific negotiation of bringing lord Clancarty into parliament , an intention to this moment unexecuted . Such is the plain case before the house ; the whole guilt of which consists in lord Castlereagh 's proposing to