of the Exchequer was bringing in his Bill against brokers trafficking in places and offices , that his hon . friend had proposed to introduce a clause against trafficking for Seats in Parliament , which it was afterwards thought better to bring forward , in the shape of a separate bill . The necessity of some sort of a bill to prevent this corrupt traffic was made most evident by the specific and unmistakeable transaction of lord Castlereagh . He considered that that decision would remain on the records of the house , a lasting memorial of the intention of the house to screen delinquents . After that transaction , it was impossible that his hon . friend ( Mr. Curwen , ) should not have the corruption by the grant of offices , fully as much in his contemplation , as the corruption by money . If the right hon . Secretary would now lay aside all the fanciful suppositions and extravagant conceits with which he had amused the house , and come to sober reasoning on the subject , he thought it was impossible for him to say , that such a case as he had supposed for his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) or such topics as he had urged , could by any possibility have the least weight before any committee of the house , or any jury , or any man upon oath . He would indeed appeal to the right hon . gent . himself , dropping the extravagance of his conceit , whether he could seriously believe that any committee of gentlemen , upon their oaths , could possibly decide that such a case came within the purview of this clause , or whether any jury could so determine ? Sure he was , that it would not require a tenth part of the ingenuity to guard against any such decision that was this night employed to palliate the proposition of ministers . The apprehension was quite fanciful , and the bill would , in fact , be nugatory , if this word `` express '' were not omitted . If it were retained , his full persuasion was , that its effect would be to protect the corruptions of government , and to deprive the people of any advantage which the bill was otherwise calculated to afford.—A right hon . and learned gent . ( the Solicitor General ) had stated , that if this word `` express '' was 984 not to stand in the clause , the table of the house would be covered with petitions , which would have no other foundation but some of these implied contracts . Now , he would tell that right hon . and learned gent. , that if he happened to argue professionally against the petitioners under such circumstances , he need not exert much , of his zeal , or much of his eloquence , to persuade the committee that such petitions should be rejected as frivolous or vexatious . This being the case , the evil so much feared , of the table being covered with frivolous petitions , would be able to correct itself . As for the supposition of the ministers ever being obliged to go to their political enemies to recommend them persons to fill offices , that supposition could have been only made to produce a laugh : for he would venture to say , that if any of the opponents of the ministers were to recommend a person for a place , ministers would always shew sufficient firmness to resist such a recommendation . The alterations which had been made in the bill were in its most important and efficient parts . In the first place , the house could not bear that its members should be obliged to take the oath with the penalties of perjury annexed to it . Those who elected them were , however , obliged to take such an oath , and therefore it appeared that it was not intended that there should be any equal justice between the electors and the elected . The people must believe