like the great principles on which it was founded . But Mr. Burke himself had outlived its operation . In opposition to the economical part of that bill , too , lord Melville had flatly refused to give an account of the mode in which he had expended a large sum , and yet those who talked so much about the dignity of the house , did not move that lord Melville be sent to the Tower.—But this bill would be mischievous in another point of view , it would act as an indemnity to all past delinquencies . By the admission of this bill the house seemed to think that something was necessary to be done . The only question was whether this was a remedy for the evil ? Their neglecting to detect and punish the conspirators would be an excuse for future , and , perhaps , greater abuses . It was now upwards of 120 years since the Revolution , and yet they saw that there had been carrying on during all that period , 732 a most scandalous intercourse between the Treasury and that house—that foul adulterous intercourse , which had been hitherto most strenuously denied , but still supported and justitied . The detected minister still kept his place unmolested . If any man knew that a conspiracy existed against the king 's life , would it not be treason to conceal it . Such was the law of the land , that the concealment of that would be deemed treason , and merit a forfeiture of life ; and yet , was not the concealment of these corrupt practices deemed a treason against the laws and constitution of the country ? This bill must tend still farther to conceal those practices , instead of producing the remedy wanted . Suppose that a century hence some minister , such as one , who lately acted in the sister kingdom , old in the practice of corruption though young in years , should be detected at last through a carelessness arising from constant habit and long impunity , how much stronger would the argument of defence from the frequency of the practice be in such a case than in that of the noble lord to whom he alluded ? The tie of honour , as it was called , would then be stronger , and it would be urged , from the very circumstance of the little notice taken of the noble lord 's case , that their ancestors never intended that the present bill should be carried into effect . Those who asked , where they would look for the constitution , he would refer to Magna Charta , to the Act of Settlement , and the Bill of Rights . It had been said of him , that he had held out the Bill of Rights as an existing law . He had only referred to that among documents , as proofs of the principles of the constitution—of `` the unalienable and imprescriptible rights of the people , '' to use the language of the Bill itself . That subsequent acts had violated those principles , was one of his grounds of complaint . As to the time of reform , there were some who thought there were two seasons improper for reform—a time of peace and a time of war . In peace it was a pity to disturb the general tranquillity ; in war the nation had a great deal of other business on its hands . There were many also who denied that reform would have any effect in diminishing the burdens of the people . This was as much as to say , that there was no connection between representation and taxation . But unless- the gentlemen expected some practical good of this kind from reform , why did they support it ? For his 733 part , he saw no use in it , except from the effect it would produce with respect to the controul of the expenditure . In the year 1785 , Mr. Pitt was a friend to reform , as was Mr. Dundas .