that are now unaccounted for , is bona fide due to the public , in order that it might be recovered , before a long lapse of time , or accidents , might intervene to deprive the public of all chance of recovering what was justly due to them . It appears as if this work of passing such an immense magnitude of accounts could never be performed under the strict rules which bind the auditors , and therefore it is better to place the business in the hands of those who will be equally well calculated to do justice to the public , and at the same time possess great advantages in transacting the business with expedition . It is strange to act 1129 upon a system , as one of economy , which at the outset , imposed on the public a new expense of 80,000l . per annum . It is , in fact , a system which will counteract any good that might be derived from it ; and one that is likely to end in adding considerably to the burdens of the people , instead of producing the intended effect of diminishing them . The hon . member has misunderstood what has been said in respect to Newfoundland : it was not intended to take credit for a saving of a million on this head . The hon . member , who made the statement , has taken credit for 500,000l . as a sum that might be saved , if the British colonies were so managed , that each should defray nearly all the expense belonging to its own defence . He stated the great value of the fisheries of Cape Breton and Newfoundland , in order to shew , that if due attention was paid to them , the inhabitants of those colonies might be enabled to defray all the expenses of them , and cease to be burthen-some to this country . Now , Sir , as to the opinion which the hon . member behind me entertains respecting the military expenditure of Ireland , in this I most fully concur with him , and am desirous to bear with him equal responsibility for the accuracy of it ; for I defy any one to shew that this greatly increased expenditure , from 400,000l . in the American war to two millions in 1799 , and to near five millions in 1809 , can be accounted for by any other means than by the impolitic resistance which is made to the constitutional claims of the people of Ireland . It is notorious to every one , that the object of that expenditure is in a great degree to keep the people in subjection , and that so large an army would not be wanting , if no such object existed . I have therefore a right to say , that if a wiser policy was adopted in governing Ireland , a great portion of this expenditure might be saved , and an additional security obtained for the defence of the country , against invasion , in the hearts and affections of the whole people of Ireland . The people of this country are greatly mistaken , if they conceive that this part of the public expenditure is of no concern to them . They pay of it , by the articles of the Union , no less than 15 parts out of 17 ; and they should be more on their guard , therefore , how they lend themselves to the designs of those who create alarms by talking of the terrors of popery . They should consider that they impose upon themselves a 1130 charge of no less than two millions a year by refusing to their Catholic fellow subjects their just and constitutional rights . I must here , Sir , remark upon another point on which the hon . member opposite has greatly mistaken the statement of the hon . member behind me . He has argued as if he took credit for a great saving to be effected in the naval department , in order to make out