. took occasion to call the attention of the house to a subject which , in consequence of the motion of an hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) , had on a former evening produced so much discussion . That motion had been submitted upon Friday ; and , as from the statement preceding it there was some reason to apprehend that the building about to be erected by colonel Gordon , would interfere with the comfort and convenience of the hospital , he had thought it his duty to survey the place . This duty he felt due to the house and to the hon . baronet , and accordingly he visited the grounds alluded to . The result of this visit was that colonel Cordon 's house being about to be erected upon a scite very inconvenient for the infirmary , he felt dissatisfied ; and so far he agreed with the hon . baronet . But yet he wished it to be understood , that this discovery involved no contradiction of the statement he had on a former evening submitted to the house with regard to the conduct of the Treasury . In consequence , however , of this discovery , he thought proper to take a lord of the Treasury to view the premisses , and the effect of that visit was that upon a consultation with , and a recommendation from the governors of the Hospital and the medical gentleman attending it , supported by the opinion of the Surveyor General , the scite of col. Gordon 's house was removed . But still he wished it to be understood , that this removal did not take place on account of any change of opinion on the part of the Treasury , with regard to the grounds originally laid before them . To the grounds 108 upon which the Surveyor-General originally reported , that officer still adhered ; while the physician and surgeon fully approved of the place chosen for the building of colonel Gordon 's house , conceiving it in no degree inconsistent with the comfort and accommodation of the Hospital . The hon . gent . concluded with motions for the production of Letters addressed to the Treasury from the Surveyor-General of Crown Lands and the medical gentleman of Chelsea Hospital , with regard to the grounds to which his observations referred . said , that in order fully to satisfy his mind with regard to the premisses in question , he sought to see them on Monday last ; but was informed by a person who had the care of the gate , and also by the workmen who were employed about the place , that it was as much as their employments were worth to admit any one . He was , therefore , refused admission , although he stated that he was a member of that house , and also the object of his visit . The refusal surprised him the more , as he understood from other quarters , what had been confirmed by the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that any or all persons connected with government promptly obtained admission . professed to be unaware of any orders prohibiting the admittance of the hon . gent. , or any other member , from viewing the premisses alluded to . He had seen those premisses , and he thought the projected erection exceptionable ; at the same time , he begged it to be understood , that no person connected with the Hospital either in a civil , military , or medical department , had communicated any objection with regard to this building , up to the very day upon which the hon . baronet had made his motion . The consideration of the lease granted to colonel Gordon , was , that he should not raise any building , or even plant any tree likely to create any inconvenience to the Hospital . When the papers explanatory of the whole proceeding were laid before the house , he had no doubt that the conduct of the Treasury would meet with its