allow the rotten boroughs to be held by their present tenures . He had always been of opinion that a moderate reform was necessary . understood the discussion of the principle of the bill to have been postponed till the question for the Speaker 's leaving the chair . Many members , he was convinced , were now absent on that understanding . restated his objections to Lotteries , and declared his determination to take the sense of the house on the Resolution on this subject . A Committee had been appointed to consider the subject , and after a laborious investigation their report had been unfavourable . There was an argument advanced on the other side , that such was the spirit of gambling existing in the country , that whether parliament 621 sanctioned it or not , it must produce the effect complained of . For his part , he thought that as far as this spirit of gambling was directed to Lotteries , parliament could easily devise a remedy , as they themselves were the cause of the mischief . It was the government themselves who encouraged the spirit of adventure in lotteries , which had produced all the evils stated in the Report of the Committee . Nothing could be more injurious in a country where habits of economy and sober industry were instilled into young people as the sure means of arriving at wealth , than to have in view a scheme where wealth was not to be earned by labour or industry ; but to come merely from fortune . It must be evident to ministers that no real wealth was produced to the country by those adventurers in the Lottery . In a sober and religious view of the subject he thought it most improper that government should countenance the distribution of wealth in any other manner than as the reward of merit . The government not only held out encouragement to the idle to hope for wealth without labour , but also held out encouragement to part with all they had , with all that honestly or dishonestly they could appropriate , in order to be in fortune 's way . The many evils that resulted from lotteries were sufficiently apparent , but the little good that was to be derived from them he should now take into his consideration . When it was proposed that 300,000l . should be raised in the way of lottery , it must be considered , that a million , or at least six hundred thousand pounds were actually taken out of the pockets of the public , and that in the most distressing way that , was possible . In that point of view alone the tax would be inexpedient , if it were not productive of vice and immorality ; but it would be observed that a very great degree of vice and immorality were always produced by the lottery , in the encouragement they gave to insurance , and other speculations contrary to law . This was a defect which Mr. Pitt was never able to remedy , and he could tell the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that to his certain knowledge there were persons in this town who would outstrip him in calculations to evade the penalties of any legislative provisions he could propose . If the Chancellor of the Exchequer would but put off his lottery scheme for a single year , he would venture to say , that it would be easy to provide for any defi- 622 ciency that might be occasioned by it . When it was recollected , that our whole expence was near seventy millions , it could not be supposed that a deficiency of 300,000l . could be seriously felt , or if it was felt , it could be easily supplied from some source that did not affect the morals of the country . There were now many widows and orphans who bewailed the ruin that was brought upon them by the lottery . Without expatiating on the quality of vice that was produced , on the number of