acting the same part , was said to have been urged on by the instigation of the devil . They were doubtless the same acts , however dictated by different motives . Be that , however , as it might , the nomination of his lordship was certainly a bad omen , as the people of Spain must know that the marquis Wellesley would , if the opportunity should offer , take both Spain and Portugal as Buonaparté had done , through his ardent zeal for the service of his country . He had not had the advantage of hearing the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Canning ) nor his hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) prior to his rising , but he had an advantage which he could not have expected ; for after having heard so much about gentlemen making speeches at the Crown and Anchor tavern , amidst shouts , huzzas , & c. which of course were excluded from the London Tavern , he did not expect to find a taverner among the gentlemen opposite in the right hon . secretary . He only knew of the circumstance from the papers ; —perhaps there might be some mistake ; it might be some other Mr. Canning ; but it was somewhat remarkable , that on the day on which that favourite actor , Mr. Lewis , was announced by the play bills as intending to take his leave of the stage , the newspapers should contain so fair an account of the debut of so promising a performer at the London Tavern , when after three toasts had been drank with three times three , Mr. Canning arose , amidst loud cries of hear ! hear ! hear ! to declare , what he believed no other minister had ever before done in such a place , the intentions of the government with respect to Austria , Spain , and Portugal , at the suggestion of the chairman , Mr. John Inglis , who had greater authority there than the Speaker had in that house . [ Here the hon . gentleman produced a newspaper , to prove that Mr. Canning rose at the suggestion of the chair . ] The Father of the Administra- 816 tion ( the Lord Chancellor ) had declined that office—his feelings would not suffer him to enter into the detail—but one of his sons , with stronger nerves , had taken the task upon himself , and gone through it to the admiration of the company . That right hon . gent , had stated , he believed , more than had ever been stated in a tavern before . Persons out of office had been censured for speaking of what passed in parliament on a table at a tavern , but he did not believe a right hon . secretary had ever been censured for developing the intentions of government on a table at a tavern before . He did not know whether the right hon . gent , stood on a table ( on which circumstance so much had on some occasions been said ) ; but whether he stood on a table or a chair , or on the floor , was not of much importance . A right hon . secretary 's expounding the mysteries of the government to the multitude assembled at a tavern dinner , was a sufficient novelty to attract a crowded house , whenever the exhibition might be expected to be repeated . He could not refrain from remarking that of all misrepresentations , that was the basest which unreasonably elevated the public mind , by holding forth the expectation of happy results , which never could be realized . A gallant officer , to whom , whether absent or present , he should pay the sincerest tribute of respect , ( Sir A. Wellesley ) had gone out to Portugal , and in the late accounts received from him had certainly made some exaggerations ; but these were nothing when compared to the exaggerations contained in the letter of a noble lord to the Lord Mayor ,