be expedient to resort to the mode he had pointed out . But in the present state of things , he did not think it proper to hold out such a temptation to false evidence , or obtain true information by such means , and under such circumstances ; possessing , as they did , other means of obtaining information , it was unnecessary . The temptation held out to false information , by adopting such a measure , he thought extremely dangerous , as the artifices of an infamous scoundrel might procure him 500l . in some instances where the provision that the informer should lose his place , could do him no injury , which sum his benefactor , though far less culpable , might be compelled to pay . thought the objection of the Chancellor of the Exchequer not a very strong one . If the benefactor of an in- 575 famous scoundrel were liable thus to be punished , what argument was it against the clause ? He ought to have had nothing to do in such an affair . observed , the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said it was unnecessary to resort to such an expedient to obtain information , as sufficient information could be derived from other sources . This he denied ; without the evidence of some one concerned , to obtain information was difficult , and perhaps in some instances impossible . He never thought the bill would do much good , but from the view he then had of it in its present state , he thought it might do harm . He thought with the right hon . gent. , that it was but fair if the patron of an infamous scoundrel should suffer for endeavouring to advance such a character to a place of emolument or trust . declared his mind was open to conviction . The words of the right hon . gent , had had some effect on him , and if they could satisfy him that such a measure would be likely to benefit the country , he would give it his support . The noble lord had spoken as if information thus gained must be true ; but that he thought extremely doubtful . He was of opinion , punishment would frequently fall where it was least deserved . Men might have exerted their influence with others to obtain a situation for scoundrels , who had got round them , and who might be wholly unknown to the person who gave them their situations . Yet against that person might they give information , though no party in the corruption . He might have given places to various persons on the recommendation of others , on whom he thought he could rely , since he had been in office , and a man thus appointed , might , were such a clause received , accuse him of corruption . Information might be given of the wrong , and , wrong or right , the informer would be rewarded . knew of no information that could be procured from accomplices , which would not be attended with such concomitant evils . He , however , thought the informer more likely to accuse the right than the wrong , for this plain reason ; it was more easy to substantiate the fact in the former case than in the latter . He thought with the noble lord , that the bill in its present state was useless . That which it proposed to make a misdemeanor was before punishable by law , but no pro- 576 ceedings had ever been instituted against any one . Why ? Because no inducements were held out to call forth witnesses to substantiate the fact and furnish evidence . opposed the clause , on the grounds that punishment might fall where it was least deserved . A and B might be trafficing for a place , which B might obtain for A , through the influence of C , who might be wholly ignorant of the traffic between them . B being dead , A might charge C with corruption