France , as in some of the public prints under the control of the Treasury , he had been libellously represented , when he asserted that Austria could not successfully withstand the force of France . [ The allusion to the public prints produced a cry of order , order ! ] He insisted that he was perfectly in order ; and , if any gentleman thought otherwise , he should repeat his words , to afford an opportunity for their being taken down for the purpose of making him justify them . Notwithstanding the libellous misrepresentations of the prints under the control of the Treasury , he would still assert as his unalterable opinion , that , as from the events which had already taken place , and from those which he thought would certainly take place ( God grant that he might be mistaken ) , it was probable that Austria , as well as Spain and Portugal , would shortly be crushed beneath the power of France , and we alone should have to wage war with fearful odds against the enemy , our resources ought to be most carefully husbanded , that we might be enabled to make the firmer stand . What , then , remained for us , but to enter into the struggle with the undivided and augmented power of France , single-handed ? With the prospect , then , of what might be the possible event , were we not called upon to husband our resources against the day of need ? the more especially , as , by looking into the Treaty recently concluded with that power , it appeared that we were not pledged to any specific advance to Austria ; and considering that although no aid of money would or could afford her any effectual assistance , under her immediate difficulties ; yet , that very advance would operate as a most severe pressure upon us . Contemplating , therefore , the enormous sums that had been already 813 lavished upon that power , whether under the name of subsidy , or that more specious one of loan , he thought it his duty , as a member of parliament , to make a stand against granting any further subsidy or loan to assist her . Conscious of his own rectitude , and regardless of what might be said of his conduct , he would say for his own part , that lie would not consent that a single shilling should be expended to support the cause of the Austrian empire . Austria , it was true , might be considered as having been always a faithful ally to England . In 1805 , she was seduced by Russia and England to break her faith with France . The engagements of nations were generally regarded only as far as they were connected with the interests of the powers who contracted them , or the coalition between Russia , Austria , and England would not have been avowed openly as it was : a coalition entered into on the principle of restraining France within her ancient limits , in violation of the faith of existing treaties . England was to have paid for this violation of good faith , and largely was she to have paid , had not the rapid successes of Buonaparté rendered it impossible to fulfil the contract . Austria was completely subjugated through the treachery of some of her generals , as it was said , but certainly by the preponderating power and genius of her adversary . The Prussian empire was next overturned by the armies of France ; that led to the battle of Friedland , which , followed by the Treaty of Tilsit , had united Russia and France against England , and most probably against Austria . Where , then , remained the hopes of success in the present contest , when already her capital , as before , had been conquered ? or could they really entertain any expectation of being able to restore Austria merely by opening our purse-strings ? After the rapidity of movement of the last month ,