balances , than in any mercantile house . With respect to the foreign corps , the hon . gent . took occa- 485 sion decidedly to censure the system adopted by government , under M. Charmilly , of enlisting into the British service French prisoners of war—men who , whatever might have been their principles , would not fail to profess any opinion or feeling that would procure for them not only liberation from imprisonment , but bounty , pay , and clothing in the British service , from which service , however , it was judged prudent to exchange them for British prisoners of war in France , while col. Charmilly was continued in full pay in the British service . said , that it had fallen to his lot as a member of the Finance Committee , to examine many items of those accounts , both printed and written , without being able to arrive at any clear or comprehensive idea upon the subject . It was one of much complication and difficulty , and the committee of which he had the honour to be a member , finding that the Commissioners of Military Inquiry were occupied upon the same subject , deemed it advisable to await their report before they proceeded further on the topic . also bore testimony to the great difficulty of bringing up arrears , and producing regular accounts with minute detail . He denied that the system of those accounts was at all to be compared with the business of a merchant 's counting-house . It was a mere business of audit at the war office , the minuter details being collected from a vast variety of other departments . The production of regular and minute accounts in the way proposed would cost the country infinitely more , in the addition of officers , than any real advantage to be attained was worth . It was therefore necessary either to increase the establishment , or diminish investigation . He should be happy to see the golden remedy promised by the hon . gent . who made the motion ; but until it was explained and proved to him , he must be allowed to question its practicability . respecting the money advanced to M. Charmilly , for the enlistment of foreign soldiers , said , that he rendered a fair and satisfactory account ; but he himself fully coincided in condemning the enlisting such soldiers into our service . said , it was an established maxim in all French books upon military affairs , never to enlist into the army prisoners of war , the subjects of a hostile state . thought it rather hard 486 that his hon . friend who moved for those accounts , should be called on to produce and explain his plan , without first giving him the accounts which he required , as the data whereon to found that plan . When he received them , he had no doubt of his producing such a plan as the house would deem worthy of its consideration . The mode taken to remove the evil in the war office was utterly erroneous , and must continue rather to increase than diminish it . It was not by adding ten or twenty clerks to the office in this year or that , which could produce the desired effect , without due regard to the abilities and competence of those clerks . The men wanted were persons of real talent , and regular bred accountants , who were competent to investigate and detect mistakes , and not men who might be themselves peculators , and interested in passing fraudulent accounts . Of this class of persons he would state a case that came before the committee . One man produced an account on which he claimed a balance of 102,000l due to him by government , and expressed his surprize that the money was not paid him . Another was called , and interrogated as to the accuracy of this account , and stated that the claimant , so far from having a just demand against government for 102,000l . was