House , to which a Petition on your table offers to prove , that one hundred and fifty-seven individuals have the power of returning a majority ; so that the whole property of the free subjects of this kingdom is , in violation of this first and plain principle , at the disposal of 157 Borough-mongers , or in other words , 157 Borough-mongers have usurped , and hold as private property , the sovereignty of England ; and can we be satisfied with this miserable , pitiful substitution for the King and Constitution ? —Can the People remain contented with the legislation of such a power ? —Impossible . Believe me , 1050 Sir , the discontent that exists in this country , arises principally from the certain knowledge the People now have of the corrupt state of this House , and their exclusion from that share in the Constitution to which they are by law intitled , that they are not fairly , nor indeed at all represented , —in fact , that the interests of this House are not identified with , but opposite to theirs—remove this defect , repair this great injury , and the advantages will be immediate and important ; the People will then believe , that all that is practicable for their benefit will be done , and from that conviction they will naturally be reconciled to those evils , which they would see a disposition to alleviate , and a mutual interest to redress . Every part of the Empire will feel the benefit of the Reform ; but no where wilt the great advantages of the measure be likely to prove more salutary than in that most interesting part of the empire—IRELAND . From the deep interest I take in the concerns of that country , from my idea of its mighty importance , have I reserved the mention of it till last ; though the consideration of the manner in which I could devote ray best service to it has never been out of my mind , never till now did it mature any practicable plan , calculated to give universal satisfaction to that generous , that insulted people , with perfect security to the state . If Reform is necessary here , it applies much more forcibly there ; indeed , the peculiar situation of that country makes it a measure of imperious necessity.—On the subject of Ireland I can hardly speak , from the fear of trespassing on the rule I had laid down for my conduct upon this occasion . I dare not venture to trust myself with the grievances of Ireland . It is a subject I can not discuss without a more considerable degree of warmth , than is consistent with that dispassionate line of conduct I am upon this occasion particularly anxious to maintain . My desire is to have Ireland united with this country upon terms , however , very different from those which at present exist . I should wish to see there a perfect equality of advantage , and no exclusions . Of the present Union , so called , I shall speak but little at this time : suffice it to say , that it was a measure contrary to the wishes , repugnant to the interest , revolting to the feelings of that nation ; and effected by means the most flagitious , if the most unblushing corruption on the part of the agents , and the breach 1051 of every solemn assurance to the great body of that people , not only implied but expressed by the government of that country , deserve the appellation . Instead of that parchment Union , I shall propose a real Union of heart and affection , founded on the broad basis of the Constitution , of equal rights , and reciprocal interests.—Away with that crooked policy , that narrow-minded bigotry of legislation , that intolerable intolerance , which keeps alive perpetual heart-burnings , hatred and revenge . I wish not to dwell upon this system ; it is high time to put an end to it.—Is it to be any longer