within fifteen months from the period of their first beginning they had appropriated to their own use no less than 40,000l . Unappalled by the magnitude of the sum , they made no enquiry , returned no statement , entered no items by which this imposition might be detected : they did not comply with the terms or the spirit of the act of parliament : they did not pay , as they ought to have done , their money into the Bank : they did not give any intimation of the wealth they were thus acquiring : and they presume to say , after all the statutes that have been made to remedy such abuses : after all the clamour which such abuses have created : after all the ferment into which the existence of these abuses has at different times thrown the public mind , of which they could not be ignorant : they had the effrontery to say that in using the money to discount private bills for their own advantage , they were following the example of all public accountants . Away with their paltry subterfuge with regard to the payments for which they expected to be called upon ! If they had placed the money in security at the Bank to their own joint and private account , they might have called for it at any moment for the service to which it was destined , and they would have complied with the spirit of the act of parliament . If they had paid it in according to the terms of the act of parliament , and any unexpected payments had arisen , they might have done that , which they did in the first instance , apply to the privy council for an issue of money which issue could not have been refused.—Sir , the detection of such scandalous practices must be of public advantage ; there is only on is shadow of reason why it should not , and that , reason I will give in the words of Mr. Bowles himself : — '' There is indeed just cause to fear lest `` our administration of justice , pure as it `` is in itself , should , on account of the `` foulness of the transactions which are 312 `` brought before it , serve rather to injure `` than improve these sentiments , the corruption of which denotes the last stage `` of depravity . `` —Still the exposure of such transactions , carried on by such a man amongst others , must be of public utility . Sir , this author has calumniated men of character in this country . He and his associates , the Anti-Jacobins , have done me the honour to notice me by their abuse . In two pamphlets addressed personally to myself , he has thought proper to charge me with a want of proper attention to the cause of religion . He I suppose must be , in his own estimation , a great religionist . Does he live according to the strictest sect of his religion , a Pharisee ? of whom it is said , `` that they were whited walls , and painted sepulchres : are cleanliness without , but all hollowness within : blind guides : persons professing and preaching good doctrine , and pursuing bad conduct . '' Some persons he has more parcularly designated as enemies to the state , and he has ventured to consult his historical knowledge for the character of Clodius , which he has applied to a member of this house : thereby designating him , and indeed in express terms , in a Note which he has appended to his work , as a person who wished to overthrow the state , and to be accessary to the murder of a magistrate . I shall take the liberty of comparing him to that Athenian mentioned by Horace , whom the commentators have named Timon : of whom it is said , Populus me sibilat . Populus sibilabit , but Mr. Bowles will not have the satisfaction of contemplating his money in the