known that Holland was exempted from the operation of the Non-Intercourse Act . But it had been suggested that he might have had private assurances , that Holland would be placed on the same footing as France . What ! after it was specifically stated in the formal act , that it was not to extend to Holland ! But doubts were entertained as to its being applied to the kingdom of Italy , the iron crown of which sits oh the head of the ruler of France ! If any doubt existed that Mr. Erskine had gone the full length of the concessions he was authorized to make , without obtaining the whole three , nay , not even one of the points he was instructed to demand , the person who entertained such doubt had only to read the papers already before the house . If these did not remove it , nothing that he could say or produce would . He felt himself under the necessity of opposing the motion for the reasons he set out with stating . This was not the proper time to enter into the discussion of the policy of the arrangement with America ; and as the pending negociation might be prejudiced by further disclosure , he trusted the noble lord would see the impropriety of granting the papers he called for . vindicated the conduct of his relative , Mr. Erkine , and abstained from making that reply to the right hon . gent , which his speech seemed to call for , lest such reply might call forth a discussion tending in the slightest degree to interrupt that system of conciliation now likely to take place between the two countries . thought the motion , as far 1028 as it concerned the affair of the Chesapeake , totally irrelevant to the present juncture . With respect to the dispatch , he thought if it were produced , that so ought the answer of his majesty 's ministers , in order that the house might have sufficient evidence whereon to found its decision . entered into a detail of our correspondence and intercourse with America . He thought Mr. Erskine must have obtained some substantial concession to the demands of England , with which we were at present unacquainted , and on which he grounded his treaty . combated the arguments in favour of the motion . He was of opinion that America , in all her proceedings , had no wish to promote an impartial course with respect to France and this country . It was the business of that house to take care lest France should triumph in these negotiations , and lest England should now sanction decrees which she had before arraigned , and desert measures to which she had at other periods given her support . At all events , in his opinon , discussions in that house could not tend at the present crisis to promote amity between the countries . declared , that as a partial disclosure had already been made on this subject , all he wanted , both for the sake of public utility and private justice , was , that such disclosure might be made as ample as possible . It had appeared , however , from the speech of the right hon . gent. , that a negotiation was now pending , to which such disclosure might prove dangerous . Since this was the case , he was willing foe the present to withdraw his motion , until a disclosure could be made without difficulty on the subject . moved as a Resolution , ( after a short conversation upon the point of Order between the Speaker , lord Folkestone , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , `` That it is the opinion of the house , that the existence of Sinecure Offices , and Offices executed by deputy , is unnecessary , and inexpedient as a means of remunerating public service : —That Pensions , if granted , as on some occasions it may be proper that they should be granted , for more than one life ,