sir John Moore had been induced to adopt the measures which led to the disastrous retreat , by the interference of Mr. Frere , whom he understood as speaking the sentiments of ministers . adverted to the extraordinary sort of defence made by the noble lord , when he said , that the most extraordinary exertions had been made by the French . The noble lord might have calculated upon that , for many of his failures had been owing to the same cause . In remarking upon the conduct of ministers to sir J. Moore , he mentioned an observation of cardinal du Retz , who said that men might be placed in situations in which , turn how they would , they must Commit a fault ; but that fortune never placed them in such situations , which were only the effects of their own errors . In such a situation had sir J. Moore been placed by the ministers . rose , amidst loud cries of Question , and in a short but animated speech contended ; 1st , that Mr. Frere had displayed such a want of temper and capacity , as to render him unfit for any diplomatic situation whatever ; next , that the ministers had not acted fairly by sir J. Moore ; and , in the next place , that M. Charmilly was a person unworthy of any confidence , from every thing that he had heard of him.—He wished principally to know , whether , as Mr. Frere was understood from report to be superseded by a noble marquis , he was to be appointed to any other situation , as report had also sent him to Constantinople . This , notwithstanding the defence made for him , he thought highly improper , as he had , in his mind , evinced himself disqualified for any situation . The conduct of M. Charmilly he equally reprobated , and painted in very disadvantageous colours , as having been first known as a revolutionist in St. Domingo ; from thence coming to France , where he had attempted to raise an insurrection ; after that , retiring to this country , where he was successively known as a coal merchant , a distiller , an usurious money lender , and a bankrupt . These were facts which he said , could be proved . He had afterwards , he understood , applied to ministers to be sent out to Spain , and was refused ; yet he was since found employed by Mr. Frere , though said to be unknown to him , as a confidential agent to sir J. Moore . pursuant to notice , rose to move for the production of certain Accounts from the War-office . His object in moving for them was to put the house in possession of the state of accounts in the war-office . Since 1797 , when the establishment was enlarged , with a view to bringing up the arrears , the number of clerks had been greatly increased , and yet the accounts were in greater confusion than ever . If the papers should be granted him , he would show , that this increase , instead of expe- 483 diting , had retarded the settlement of the accounts . The establishment of the war-office cost 54,000l . annually , and yet the accounts might be made up without suffering any arrear to accumulate for 30,000l . a year . Thus there would have been a saving of expenditure since 1797 , in that department , if even the average expence were taken at 40,000l . annually , of above 140,000l . Many regimental accounts were in arrear more than twelve years , and the confusion was increased by the different changes that had been made in the manner of conducting the business of the office , whereby monthly and quarterly accounts were intermixed with annual accounts . A radical change of system was absolutely necessary ; because any modification of the present system would only be for the worse . Other advisers should be consulted than those on whose opinion the present system