punished justly . But it was not true , that passion would not be mixed even in the judgment itself . Passion might be suspected to mix itself , and did in fact continually mix itself , in all judgments carried on by close and summary jurisdictions , and by persons who were little likely to be made responsible for their conduct . Such jurisdictions must of necessity exist in many cases ; but they were not on that account the less to be deprecated . But there was one general passion applicable to the present case , and which would not fail to operate in every part of the process ; in the judgment often , but still more frequently in the information ; and which would form a complete answer to that childish plea in favour of the bill , viz . 1035 that as no reward was given , no temptation would be held out to informers . The passion here alluded to was one of great account in human nature , though not so often noted as it ought to be , namely , the love of tormenting . There was a book written some years ago , commonly ascribed to a sister of the author of Tom Jones , but really the work of a lady of the name of Collyer , which treated of this passion , under the title of 'The Art of ingeniously Tormenting , ' and after illustrating , with great acuteness and much nice observation of character and manners , its operation in various relations of domestic life , as , how to torment an humble companion , how a wife should torment her husband , and a husband his wife , concluded with a chapter , entitled 'General Rules how to torment 'all your Acquaintance . ' It would be found by any one who perused this book , how much there was of this principle continually in operation , of which he had often witnessed the effects , without at the time having understood or attended to the cause . But frequent as these instances were , as seen and described by the author referred to , they were nothing in extent and amount to those which were carried on , under a new and more enlarged head , which did not come within the scheme of her work , nor fall , possibly , within the scope of her contemplation , viz . the art of tormenting people in the name of the public good , an art which seemed to have been gaining ground considerably in our days , and to have had a larger share in the acts of the legislature , as well as to have produced more annoyance in society , than people were commonly aware . Here , the trade of course was wholesale , and carried on upon a large scale . And it was not to be told how eager the passion was , when animated and sanctioned by the auxiliary motive of supposed zeal for the public service . It was childish for people to ask What pleasure can any one have in tormenting others ? None in the mere pain inflicted , but the greatest possible in the various effects that may accompany it , in the parade of virtue and in the exercise of power . A man can not torment another without a considerable exercise of power—in itself a pretty strong and general passion . But if he can at once exercise his power and make a parade of his virtue , ( which will eminently be the case in the powers to be exercised under this law ) the combination of the two forms a motive , which 1036 we might fairly say , flesh and blood could not withstand . Young 's 'universal passion ' had not a wider range , nor a stronger influence , than the union of these two feelings . In what a state then should we put the lower orders of people in this country ( for it was they only who would be affected ) when for the