Do they not prefer their relations , or persons over whom they can preserve a direct control ? or gentlemen bred to the law , who , by their talents and elocution , may advance the interests of the party they espouse ? Or , do they not sometimes appear in parliament , as in a court of justice , by their attorney ? There is , however , another class of boroughs , in which the hon . gent . may suppose his landed friends will be received with favour . He may indulge the expectation , that many of those , who now court merchants and bankers from London , will select in their stead the landed gentlemen in the neighbourhood : but this is no less a visionary hope ; they must either make themselves acceptable by the same means as are now found efficacious ; or the person , who is now content to perform the subordinate duty of agent and manager , will himself be the member . He is the person immediately known and connected with the electors in small boroughs ; he manages all their affairs ; he assists them amidst all their wants and necessities ; and , if they exercise a pure and unbiassed choice , to him will it be directed . Then indeed would our constitution be destroyed ; then would the representatives of the nation no longer represent its property ; and the experience of a great and powerful kingdom has sufficiently demonstrated , that , if ever power and property are disunited , the possessors of power will very soon wrest the property from the inert and nerveless hands in which it is vested . Deeply impressed with a conviction of the danger of the mea- 667 sure , in its present form , I implore the house to pause before it gives countenance to innovations , whose operation human wisdom can not foresee . We possess a judicial system so perfect , that no improvement of it has been suggested , even by those who indulge in speculations on all other subjects . The first object of every political association , security of person and property , is enjoyed in a degree to which no other nation ever attained , even at a moment when the ambition and violence of our enemy compels us to maintain a standing army of 200,000 men . A revenue of sixty millions is brought into the exchequer at a cheaper rate than any individual can collect his own rents . And if , in so vast an expenditure , some abuses and some frauds have been discovered , let it be remembered , that , even in our own domestic management , some portion of waste is ever united with great wealth : than an anxious desire prevails to correct whatever is faulty ; that our government is conducted on more honourable principles than at any antecedent period ; and that parliament , whatever may be the seeming imperfections attendant on the various modes of election , unites within its walls `` every thing illustrious in rank or descent , in hereditary and acquired opulence , in cultivated talents , in military , civil , naval , and political distinction , that the country affords * . '' If , enjoying such blessings , the people are discontented : if , in such hands , they are no longer willing to repose the management of their affairs , I despair of my country ; and must prepare for scenes such as have been exhibited among other nations . Let us not , however , be accessaries to these calamities , by legislating in order to satisfy the people , as it has been termed ; or , more plainly speaking , by legislating under the impulse of fear . Let us discharge our duty with firmness and courage . If , upon an impartial examination of our own conduct , we are conscious that there exists among ourselves a taint so foul as to require a radical and fundamental change , let us adopt it ; but let us not