comparison of dates will immediately shew , that Mr. Bowles 's appointment took place years before any of the pamphlets to which he alluded were written . I have heard Sir , and that from authority on which I can rely , that Mr. Bowles was first introduced to the notice of Mr. Pitt in consequence of the appearance of an anonymous Answer to Mr. Tom Paine 's Age of Reason . This work attracted Mr. Pitt 's attention , and led him to inquire the name of the author ; he then sent for Mr. Bowles , and told him that he should be happy to serve him , whenever a fit opportunity offered , in consideration of the essential service which he had rendered to the cause of Religion and Government by that publication . I am persuaded , Sir , that every gentleman who hears me will think , that to provide an antidote for the poison contained in the Age of Reason , was a meditorious office ; and I mention this anecdote , to the honour both of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Bowles.—An attack of a different kind has been made upon Mr. Bowles by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Ponsonby ) who has just sat down . He has performed the task of a reviewer , and entertained the house with a very ingenious critique on various passages from one of Mr. Bowles 's pamphlets . From this specimen , Sir , I should not be surprised to see a new Review start up ; and the Parliamentary Review , may perhaps rival even the Edinburgh Review ; but in that case , I fear we should have a schism among the gentlemen opposite to me , and that the house might be split into more parties than it is already divided into.—Dismising Mr. John Bowles , in his literary character , I 322 shall now say something of him as a Dutch Commissioner . It appears by the Report of the Committee that upwards of 400 claims were referred to the decision of those Commissioners . Several of those claims were under my management , as agent for various correspondents of mine in the United States of America ; and my negotiations respecting them were principally carried on with Mr. Bowles , who , as a professional man , had the direction of that department . From the observations which I had then an opportunity of making on the conduct of Mr. Bowles , I can bear witness to the zeal and ability with which he managed that part of the concern ; and I am persuaded , that by his indefatigable attention , and legal discrimination , an infinite number of litigations were rendered unnecessary , and much expence saved , both to the parties concerned , and to the public . His professional exertions continued to be necessary long after all the mercantile exertions of the Commissioners were at an end , in consequence of the law-suit with the Underwriters , which was only decided last year . If , therefore , particular consideration be due to any one of these Commissioners , more than to another , that particular consideration is due to the services of Mr. Bowles.—With respect to the general conduct of the Commissioners , as a body of men , I think it can not be wholly justified ; and my sentiments upon it accord very much with those of the Committee , whose report is now before the house . The Accounts , however , have not yet been fully examined ; nor is the case fully before us . I think , therefore , that the whole matter ought to be referred to the Auditors of Public Accounts , in order that the investigation may be completed , before we undertake to pronounce our judgment . The object of the interference of Parliament ought to be practical good ; which will not be promoted by voting theoretical propositions , containing reflections upon government in general , such as form the basis of the Resolution now proposed . I therefore concur in the amendment