the Resolutions , that his noble friend might have taken money for his patronage . [ Here lord A. Hamilton signified his dissent . ] Well then , he was glad to perceive that the noble lord did not mean such an insinuation ; and he had no doubt that the noble lord , in his reply , would take an opportunity to explain what he had said upon that note . If the noble lord did not mean to insinuate something of that kind , why else refer to the case of Davis , as contained in another part of the evidence ? This referred to the testimony of that man , that a Mrs. Grove had made use of lady Castlereagh 's name as concerned in the sale of writerships . This was communicated by Davis in a letter at the time when the committee was appointed , and his evident object was , that he should be put out of the way ; and yet no sooner was the letter written to his noble friend , than he answers it with indignation , requiring Davis to state all that he knew of the circumstance ; and his noble friend , besides , immediately submitted the whole affair to the East India Committee , which was then sitting . There could be no doubt , then , of his noble friend 's sincerity upon this point , 239 and there was nothing to warrant the inference which the noble mover meant to convey . For his part , he felt most strongly that any charge of this kind was totally unfounded , and was confident that the house would be of a similar opinion . He felt also confident , that , even if the house thought it necessary to pass a censure on the conduct of his noble friend , yet , under all the circumstances , they must feel regret in doing so ; and even when they censured his political conduct , they must yet do the justice of freeing his moral character from ail imputation , and in which case he would still be justified in calling him his friend . With regard to the noble lord 's propositions , he should say , that the firs was true in words , though false in effect , and that the 2nd was both verbally and virtually unfounded . The first Resolution did not state the conduct of his noble friend , as accompanied with those qualifications which attended it . It was quite evident that the Writership was not placed at the disposal of lord Clancarty for the purpose of general barter or sale . He felt quite confident , that if the house agreed to entertain the Resolutions at all , they must be considerably amended ; for it was evident that the negociation did not fail from the conduct of the subordinate agents , since the fact was , that Reding had no seat whatever to dispose of , and that , lord Sligo had also none . These two propositions of the noble lord he could not assent to . Yet still even upon the face of the transaction itself , and such as it was upon the evidence , he was prepared to admit that the act itself was offensive in its nature , and in itself not an unfit subject for parliamentary opinion . Even this was acknowledged by the noble lord himself , that the transaction was not justifiable.—The right hon . gent . then proceeded to expose the conduct and views of Mr. Reding in the use he made of the name of the Marquis of Sligo . He objected to any attempt at aggravation , on the ground of any particular office held by the noble lord . It was a question of abuse of patronage , and was not altered by the circumstance of a particular place held , whether of President of the Bond of Controul , or of Secretary of State . In either case , the patronage was a trust to be exercised . It had been stated correctly , that the