improper persons to hold rank therein . defended both the principle and the detail of the bill , and supported it strenuously . perfectly coincided in the sentiments of his noble and learned friend , and contended that the Sale of Commissions under proper regulations , was rather beneficial to the army than prejudicial . It prevented adventurers from engrossing Commissions , and ensured to the army men of rank , respectability and consideration . The bill was then read a third time , and passed . spoke at considerable length upon a great and oppressive defect existing in the mode of proceeding in the court of session in Scotland , and for which this bill afforded no remedy ; notwithstanding 1017 that the subject had occupied so much of the deliberation of the house of lords , both in a former and the present session . This defect was the necessity under which suitors were placed , when answering the allegations of their opponents , of first taking out copies of all the elaborate pleadings required to be entered by the other side , as records of the court , before they could proceed to any replication by plea or evidence . These pleadings , in some instances that came within his own knowledge , amounted to a volume of 1500 pages , the copy of each of which required the signature of an officer of the court , who must receive a fee upon each : and he had known instances where though the sum in litigation did not exceed 200l . or 300l . the fees of court alone amounted to 500l . or 700l . and one in such case to 1500l . Such an arrangement had long prevailed in the practice of the Scotch courts , for no other reason that he could see , than to create a revenue for the Scotch law officers ; but it was a bar in the pursuit of justice wholly insurmountable to all suitors in ordinary circumstances ; and even where a suitor was successful , and his antagonist chose to appeal to the house of lords , the parties could not proceed thither without taking out complete copies of the proceedings in the courts below , although not of the least use to them , nor competent to furnish any new light to his advocates before the higher tribunal . The hon . and learned member forcibly urged the necessity of easing the people of Scotland from that intolerable tax on the legal justice of their country , on the necessity of assimilating the proceedings there to those in England , and of extending thither the advantage of trial by jury in civil cases ; and he thought this bill ought not to pass the house without such an amelioration of the judicature it purported to amend . said , that a measure such as that recommended by the hon . and learned member could not be adopted , without a most important alteration in the legal practice of Scotland for 300 years , and therefore the house ought not precipitately to adopt any such proceedings , but wait deliberately , to hear the final opinions of the commissioners appointed to discuss the subject , and to examine it in all its bearings ; and he knew that there were many of the highest legal authorities in Scotland , who differed in opinion on the subject . admitted that the house 1018 should do nothing precipitately on the subject ; but he was at a loss where to cast the blame , for the delay which had taken place in not bringing forward the final report of those commissioners to examine this subject ; for whose appointment a bill passed late in the last session , although the commission was not signed by his majesty until last January . He understood that a majority of three commissioners were in favour of the alteration suggested by his hon . and learned friend ; and that the only point on which they had not yet been able to make up their minds , was how the officers were to