without which its energies must have been useless , and to have erected the stage , without which it would have remained unknown . I am under no apprehensions for the fate of influence of this sort . My hon . friend and others , notwithstanding the operation of this bill , will be at full liberty , I have no doubt , to lay out their thousands in acts of beneficence and bounty , in building bridges , or endowing hospitals , in relieving the wants or advancing the fortunes of the indigent and meritorious . They may still enjoy , together with all the heart-felt satisfaction , all the influence which will naturally arise from property so employed ; Him portioned maids , apprentic 'd orphans blest , The young who labour , and the old who rest . But is this the only way in which property exerts its powers ? Is it always taken in this finer form of the extract or essence ? is it never exhibited in the substance ? It is here that the comparison will begin , and that the question will be asked ; which the advocates of this bill , I hope , who do not mean it to extend to the abolition of the influence of property , will do well to be prepared to answer ; How , if the sale of a seat or any commutation of services connected with such an object be gross corruption , can we tolerate the influence which property gives , in biassing the minds of those who are to give their votes ? How a landlord , for instance , should have any more influence over his own tenants , than over those of another man ? How a large manufacturer should be able to bring to the poll more of his own workmen , than of those employed in the service of his neighbour ? How an opulent man of any description spending his fortune in a borough town , should be able to talk of his influence among the smaller tradesmen ; or be at liberty to hint to his baker or his butcher , that , laying out every week such a sum with them , as he does , he expects that they should oblige him by giving a vote to his friend , Mr. Such-a-one , at the next election ? If all this is not corrupt , upon the principles on which we are now arguing , I know not what is . What has money spent with tradesmen , or work given to manufacturers , or farms let to tenants , to do with the independent exercise of their right , and the conscientious discharge of their duty , in the election of a member to serve 744 them in parliament ? A fine idea truly , that their decision in the choice of a representative is to be influenced by the consideration of what is good for their interest ! or that persons , the advocates of purity , and who will hear of nothing but strict principle , should attempt to distinguish between the influence which engages a man 's vote by the offer of a sum of money , and that which forbids the refusal of it , under the penalty of loss of custom , or loss of work , or of the possession of that on which his wife and family must depend for their bread ? I shall be curious to hear in what manner , not the advocates of this bill , but the advocates for the principles on which this bill is enforced , will defend themselves against these questions ; and be able to show , that while it is gross corruption , gross moral depravity , in any one who possesses such influence , to connect his own interest with the use of it , even though he should not use it improperly , it is perfectly innocent to create that influence by the means just described ? Or on the other hand , if such means are not lawful , how the influence