nothing that related to the public government of that department . The abuses at most reached only to the Court of Directors , who were governed by a separate law ; and he was even surprised that a committee on the abuses in the patronage of the Directors had been granted . These abuses were of a description amenable to law , and to this they ought to have been turned over . If any abuse had been discovered to have existed in the public government of the East India Company , that , no doubt , would have been a proper 60 subject of parliamentary inquiry . In the Minutes of Evidence , the existence of abuses at the Horse Guards had been made out ; but this was the only point of which the noble lord proposed to keep clear . His motion went to impute corrupt practices to the admiralty , and every other department of the government , without the shadow of evidence ; and all were to be put upon their trial without any specific charge ! He hoped the noble lord would withdraw his motion , and put it in a different shape . He did not wish to protect delinquency , but he could not consent to put the whole government on its trial without specific charge alledged . The motion , he thought , could scarcely have been brought forward with any hopes of its being carried . The noble lord must have something in his mind to lay before the committee ; of which , as the mover , he would be a leading member . All he asked of the noble lord was , to state what that was . Doubts were certainly entertained of the purity of some parts of the government . Public opinion was strongly excited on the subject of these abuses . But , however anxious he might be to expose corrupt practices , avid to punish the delinquents , no popular cry should make him vote for a motion of this kind . rose to give a brief statement of the grounds upon which he found himself compelled to dissent from the motion of the noble lord . He differed from him merely as to the mode of inquiry . The motion was so worded , its generality was of such a nature , that nothing like it was to be found in the history of parliament . He agreed with those who thought it more satisfactory that the cases which the noble lord had in contemplation should be stated to the house before they appointed the committee , that they might be aware of the nature of the reference to be made to the committee . As no specific charges were stated , he thought the motion very objectionable , and he felt it his duty , however reluctantly , to oppose it . observed , that he had come to the house prepared to vote for the noble lord 's motion , under the impression that he meant to alledge specific charges against particular individuals . He was anxious to do so , both upon the justice of the case , and from the knowledge which every one must have of the suspicions prevailing in the minds of the people , who were calling loudly for inquiry . But finding that the motion of the noble 61 lord was not such as he imagined it would have been ; finding that it was one of a general nature , and that its tendency was to put whole departments upon trial without any specific charges of delinquency stated , he could not concur in the motion.—He felt himself bound to dissent from it in its present shape , and he would wait till either the noble lord , or some one as well able as he was , or better , came prepared to state particular charges against particular individuals . . Sir ; I hope that I shall not be accused of wishing to protect abuses , for there is no man in this house , not even the noble lord himself ,