any doubts as to the conduct of the gallant and lamented officer alluded to , they ought certainly to be produced . He should therefore take the sense of the house on the question . said , that as , contrary to his expectation , his motion was opposed , he would beg the attention of the house while he briefly stated his reasons for making it , and why he thought the objections of no weight against it . As to the first , it would be easy for the Order of that house to be directed to the adjutant-general , and if he had not the papers , then to the adjutant-general of the army in Spain . With respect to the second objection , of the tone of a commanding officer being different to what it would be if addressed to the house , it made , he thought , rather in favour of the motion ; there could not , certainly , be any object which the house ought more to wish the knowledge of , than the state of the discipline of the army . As to the gallant officer who was the object of the motion , he was sure that brave general never wrote or expressed a sentiment relative to the army under his command , which he would not have published and wished to be known to the whole world . It was very well known , that a considerable alarm had gone abroad respecting the disorder and want of discipline in the army under the command of sir John Moore , which had shewn itself particularly in the retreat from Sahagun to Corunna , and that this want of discipline was not owing to general Moore . Now , if those Orders were made public , they would shew plainly and clearly that the fault was not with him . If the noble lord meant these orders should not be known to the public , and if it were true , as the noble lord had admitted , that every thing had been done by sir John Moore in the retreat from Sahagun to Cornnna , that could have been done by the ablest general in any service , then the argument amounted to this , viz . that you must not hurt the feelings of the army , but you may sacrifice the honour and character of the officer who commanded . If any thing had been done by the gallant officer alluded to , which was at all faulty , it was entirely owing to ministers ; and as he had , unfortunately for the country , fallen a sacrifice to the situation in which he had been placed by them , or by their adherents , it was extremely hard to sacrifice his character , as well as his life , to screen themselves . The whole of these Orders had been published in the newspapers , and if refused , that house would be the only place in which they would not be known . He wished , however , to place the character of the gallant and lamented 262 officer , in its proper colours on the records of that house ; and the production of these orders was the only way of effectually clearing it from the doubts that would otherwise be spread over it . thought , as the propriety of sir John Moore 's conduct appeared such that the public were generally satisfied , the production of the papers moved for seemed unnecessary . thought , that whatever obstacle from a feeling of delicacy might arise in some cases to the production of certain documents , none after what had already been produced could be supposed to exist in the present He thought they ought to be produced , to enlighten the public on a question so important . briefly replied , and gave it as his opinion , that such an inquiry at the present moment would be invidious and unnecessary . rose to move for certain Papers relating to Mr. Frere 's mission . After some preliminary observations , he stated