committee , so much the better . The great object was to make the hazard and risk greater than the temptation . He believed it would be a long time before any abuses were again heard of in the patronage of the East India Company ; and if the instance of the dismissal from the Stamp Office was acted up to , the evil would be greatly done away . said , that the noble lord was perfectly correct in stating , that Seats in Parliament had been notoriously bought and sold by the Treasury . He would say , that this was not only his belief , but that it was within his knowledge . The Treasury not only openly bought and sold those seats , but they kept , in a great degree , the monopoly of that market . If this was attempted to be denied by ministers , he should be glad to have the opportunity of proving it , and he could easily prove it from the lips of any one who had ever been Secretary of the Treasury . It was absolute nonsense and delusion on the public , for the house to spend their time in considering abuses in the Commissioners of the Lottery , and every other minor department , when they knew , and when the public knew , that , the greatest of all abuses was constantly practised by every Secretary of the Treasury , in buying and selling Seats in Parliament . To talk of a dissolution of parliament as an `` appeal to the people '' was mere mockery and imposition . It was perfectly well known that a dissolution of parliament was not an appeal to the people , but to the Treasury ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Although he had great respect for the last government , and owed some personal favours to them , yet he must say , that their dissolution of parliament , at the end of four years , like the dissolution by the present ministers , at the end of about four months , was not an appeal to the people but to the Treasury ( loud cries of Hear ! hear ! ) . Until the 117 house was disposed to suppress this odious and unconstitutional traffic , the legislating on those minor abuses was mere mockery and delusion . said he could not help congratulating himself a little on the declaration of the noble lord ( Folkestone ) , that he was satisfied that any obscurity which was to be found in the bill proceeded from a wish on his part to make the act comprehensive . If there was any obscurity , he hoped it would be removed , and this might in some measure be effected by introducing and incorporating into the present Bill the Enactments of the act of Edward the 6th , rather than by referring to that act . The objection that the Bill only went to increase the difficulty in committing the crime sought to be prevented , he suspected , would apply to every bill . He had even attempted to do away the temptation to commit the crime , by annexing forfeiture of office to the detection of it . As to the omission of offices in our courts of law , he suspected the noble lord had not calculated the disadvantages which would arise to counterbalance any good arising from their being comprehended under the present bill . Never was the administration of justice more pure in this or any other country than at the present moment . However much we might be surprised , therefore , that the sale of offices in our courts of law should ever have formed any part of the emoluments of our judges , yet having done so for ages , and it following as a necessary consequence , if the sale of these offices were now to be abolished , that some remuneration must be granted instead of them , the question was , if the inconveniences arising from a fresh call on the country on this account , and other