. The length of the pipes in Dublin exceed 50 miles , so that this circumstance in itself confirms the report of the engineers , when they stated the expence to be intolerable , and that they were equally justified in reporting the project as absurd , was evident from this consideration , that the water passing through pipes so placed must be unavoidably contaminated by the filth of the sewer , and of course be rendered unfit 20 for the use of the inhabitants . And it was to avoid an evil of this sort that the London engineers , in laying pipes , always lay them as far from a sewer as possible ; and when obliged to cross a sewer , the pipes were always made of metal . The remaining papers he had to move for would , he was sorry to say , prove to the house how little inclined the Commissioners have shewn themselves to consult the wishes of the citizens , from whom they were levying such enormous taxes . The circumstances which led to the correspondence , of which those papers would be a copy , were simply these : The commissioners of the Ballast Board , a most respectable body , had just completed a wall on the quay of Dublin , much to the ornament and security of that part of the city , and not without considerable expence to the inhabitants ; scarcely had it been finished , when the commissioners of paving erected a paling under the windows of the Ballast Office , in the handsomest part of the city , and against the new wall , enclosing a sort of depôt for sand for paving , though , at the other side of the street , there was a vacant piece of ground equally near the work carrying on , and the occupation of which could have been productive of no inconvenience whatever . The ballast office commissioners wrote to them , requiring the removal of the depôt upon two grounds , that it was a great nuisance to the street itself , and that it seriously endangered the new wall by the weight that it imposed upon it . The commissioners of wide streets , conceiving it to be their duty to prevent such a nuisance in so public a situation , made two applications to the same effect . The very extraordinary answers ( to give them no worse name ) which communicated to these two most respectable authorities the unqualified refusal of the paving board , will be found in the papers he now intended moving for . The grand jury also wrote , and indignant at a similar refusal , presented it as a nuisance . The paving board entered a traverse against the presentment ; and thus the public money designed for the improvement of the city of Dublin , and placed in the hands of those commissioners for that purpose , may be thrown away in defending their wanton and outrageous insults upon the citizens who supplied that money . The papers he now moved for , he was convinced would satisfy the house , that so far from extending the powers of this board , they should rescind many of 21 those they already possess . The hon . member then concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the house a return of the number of lamps taken down within the city of Dublin since the month of August , 1807 ; also a return of the expences already incurred in making a sewer in Capel-street in the said city ; and , thirdly , a copy of the correspondence between the commissioners of wide streets , the ballast office of Dublin , on the one part , and the commissioners of paving and lighting on the other , so far as said correspondence related to a certain nuisance on Aston quay , Dublin . `` —The motions were then severally agreed to without opposition . , seeing a noble lord in his place , expressed a wish to know from that noble lord , if what