head of abuses , which forms the great instrument whereby the discontents of a country are made subservient to the destruction of its government ; which collects and compounds the separate elements of dissatisfaction , to be found floating in society , so as to prepare them for those grand explosions by which states are overthrown . By abuses is meant , I suppose , either the abuse of patronage , the granting to favour , affection , or interest , what ought to be granted only to merits and services ; or secondly , the purloining , embezzling or corruptly applying the public money . Let us endeavour to ascertain how much of either of these species of abuse exists : how much of them is to be charged to government : and how much , in any event , is likely to be corrected by what is called a Reform of Parliament . As to the last of these heads of abuse , the purloining or embezzling of the public money ; by which must be understood the transferring , by false accounts or otherwise , into the pocket of the individual , what was intended for the public service ; I suppose it is hardly necessary to say , that the idea of such an offence as existing among those who constitute what can with any propriety be called the government , could be generated only in the gross imaginations of persons totally ignorant of the principles and motives by which men in such situations must of necessity be actuated . It is not a question of their virtue or probity ; but of their feelings , habits , manners , and prudence . They may be , as they often are , mercenary , selfish , rapacious , unprincipled . But it is not in acts like those alluded to , that these dispositions will show themselves , even in the persons who feel them most . It might as well be supposed , that they could seek to enrich themselves by conveying away a diamond snuff-box , or pilfering guineas out of a drawer . Nothing can prove more clearly the degree to which this is true , than the commotion excited and the effects produced by any 758 appearance of irregularity even of a minor sort , among persons in higher stations , in transactions connected with the administration of money . With respect to the abuse of patronage , one of those by which the interests of countries will in reality most suffer , I perfectly agree , that it is likewise one , of which the government properly so called , that is to say , persons in the highest offices , are as likely to be guilty , and from their opportunities , more likely to be guilty than any others . Nothing can exceed the greediness , the selfishness , the insatiable voracity , the profligate disregard of all claims from merit or services , that we often sec in persons in high official stations , when providing for themselves , their relations or dependants . I am as little disposed as any one to defend them in this conduct . Let it be reprobated in terms as harsh as any one pleases , and much more than it commonly is . But the evil from them is necessarily limited , not possibly by their desires , but by the extent to which those desires are capable of being carried . They can eat no more than their stomachs can contain . The list is small of those immediately connected with them , nor is the number unlimited of those whom they may wish to serve from motives of vanity or interest . When the leech is full it will drop off of itself . But what shall set bounds to those streams of abuse that take their rise among the people themselves ? Let us trace the genealogy ; the birth , parentage , and education , of nine tenths of the jobs that are done in the army and navy , or in the other departments of the