one , as a man could well aspire to . The legislature , however , must not be carried away with these impulses , of whatever nature they may be , but must consider soberly and coolly , whether it might not be something more than mere indifference or want of thought , that had kept men , for so many thousand years , from attempting to introduce this new principle , as it was now justly called , of legislation ; and whether , in the attempt at present , they might not do far more harm than good . Of the desirableness of the object speaking abstractedly , there could be no doubt . As far as wishes went , every man must wish , that the sufferings of all animated nature were less than they were . Why they were permitted at all , was a question , as had been observed by a great and pious writer , which must for ever continue to perplex mankind , as long as we were allowed to see only in part . But there was not only the wish that suffering universally should , if possible , be less than it was , but there was a duty , he was ready to admit , upon man , ( the only animal , it was to be observed , that took cognizance of others pain , ) to conform himself to that wish , in the little sphere to which his influence extended . Morality itself might perhaps be defined , ' a desire rationally conducted to promote general happiness , ' and consequently to diminish general pain ; and he was far from contending , that the operation of that princi- 1031 ple ( so glorious to man , the only animal that partook of it ) should not be made to embrace in its effects the whole of animal life . Let the duty be as strongly enforced , as far as precept and persuasion could go , and the feeling as largely indulged , as its most eager advocates could wish . He had no objection to any sacrifices , which any one might be disposed to make in his own person , for sparing the pain or promoting the enjoyment of others of his fellow-creatures , whether men or inferior animals . The more lively the sympathy , within certain limits , and the greater the sacrifice , the more would be the amiableness and the merit . Within certain limits he had said , because theoretically , certainly , there were limits , which those feelings could not pass , without defeating instead of promoting the ends of Providence , which must be presumed to have intended them as the means of increasing the quantum of happiness . Sympathy was necessary to the production of virtue , and for the procuring mutual aid in case of distress . But were every one to feel with equal sensibility the pains of others as his own , the world must become one unvaried scene of suffering , in which the woes of all would be accumulated upon each , and every man be charged with a weight of calamity beyond what his individual powers of endurance were calculated to support . There was little danger , however , of this excess . One might safely lay down the rule , that the more any one should feel for the suffering of others , the more virtuous they should be accounted ; and that they were at liberty , in this respect , to give a full loose to their feelings . But the very same considerations would make it dangerous to allow of systems , in which men were to become virtuous at others ' expence , and to enforce upon others what might be wanting in themselves . It was not sufficient to state of any thing that it was matter of obligation , to justify an attempt to enforce it by law . Laws were almost universally restrictive . They restrained acts which were injurious to the community , and were such moreover as