imposed on . He would not suppose they were capable of making such a disposition , as to give it the colour of a job , and yet from the whole of the valuation of the surveyors , it certainly bore something of that appearance . The house of Mrs. Aufrere , which was to be converted into an infirmary , was valued , with the small piece of land adjoining it , at 6,380l . ; and the remaining land , which was four acres , was let for 55l . a year . It was with considerable astonishment he had read the Report , and he never could have supposed it to be one drawn up on the part of the public but on the part of a lessee , who was stating every thing he could for 399 his own interest . Respecting what fell from the Chancellor of the Exchequer , as to prevailing with col. Gordon to give up the grant , if any fraud or delusion had been practised on the Treasury , he thought it would be like the case of a minor 's estate , in which , where fraud or delusion was used , a court of equity would set-aside the agreement made by trustees ; so , in this instance , if fraud or delusion by any one appeared , the house might interfere , and prevent the completion of the grant . explained , and said he never supposed there was any fraud or delusion ; but that if on inquiry it should be found a desirable thing , and that , on the new plan of Mr. Soame , the hospital would be benefited by it , the Treasury would endeavour to get the grant relinquished . said , the board never heard a word of complaint on this subject till the 13th of April , till the morning of the very day on which the hon . baronet first brought the matter before the house ; and they immediately began an investigation of the subject , and had continued their inquiries ever since . It had been said no individual ought to have this ground , but that it should be converted to the general use of the hospital . He thought so as much as any one , and no man would be more ready to put it to that use , if proved to be advantageous to the hospital . He wished the Minutes of Evidence taken before the board since the 13th of April should be laid before the house . They would then see what had been done . As soon as this motion was negatived , be should move that those Minutes of Evidence be laid before the house , and if , after they had seen those and the other papers which his right hon . friend meant to bring forward , the house should not be satisfied , they might then have recourse to a select committee . said , the hon . baronet opposite ( sir F. Burdett ) , who was always loud against abuses , had characterised this as being of all jobs the worst ; that indeed it should be called the Job . In that case he thought we might take credit to ourselves for more than an ordinary share of virtue . The veteran soldier was here said to have been robbed of his convenience , but he maintained that the case had not been made out . in reply , agreed that the case was not made out , because the house 400 had not all the necessary evidence before it : But , he pledged himself to make it out by the viva voce evidence he had offered to produce , and which he should bring before a select committee , if that mode was thought the most preferable way of proceeding . He understood col. Gordon had already been offered 4,000l . profit on his purchase , and was of opinion the Treasury had better give him that sum than complete the transaction . He agreed that since the question was