of the grievances of Tithes , and that they will calculate upon the evils which under the present circumstances of the continent , may flow from such a refusal . If they will listen to the voice of the people of Ireland , and do that which will conciliate their feeling towards them , no danger need be apprehended of conquest by a foreign power ; but if they do not conciliate them , then they will place the empire under circumstances of risk and danger , to which it ought not to be exposed , and they will be responsible even for the existence of the empire . I hope , Sir , that these observations will produce their due effect ; and I shall conclude with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill to enable ecclesiastical persons , having a right to Tithes in Ireland , to demise the same for a term of twenty-one years . '' in rising to give his most decided opposition to the measure now proposed , felt himself also bound to state his reasons for that opposition , and though he owned he had felt himself in some degree waver in his opinions , in the course of the conversation he had with the hon . gent . on the subject , yet , upon the most mature consideration he could give it , he was now already of opinion , that nothing radically beneficial could be effected . He had even so strong a wish on the occasion as to go the length of preparing a bill for the purpose , although the hon . gent. , in all he had said , had not stated how his plan was to be carried into excution . In the course however of his investigation , he had found such difficulties in his way , so various and so multiplied , as obliged him to abandon his intentions , as altogether impracticable . He wished to look at it as a measure likely to calm the disquietudes 636 that existed ; and now he felt bound to object to the measure proposed , as seeming likely to excite an expectation of something more to follow on the back of it , and thus effecting the very mischief intended to be allayed by it . The last argument used by the hon . gent . was that nine-tenths of the people of Ireland were not protestants : this shewed that some great diversion of Tithes from the present system was intended , and therefore he conceived they were called on to pause before they proceeded , without accurately knowing how far they might be called on to proceed . They should be guarded in their expression of the existence of evil ; the hon . gent . had said the people of Ireland were anxious for a commutation of tithes ; is there any plan for that purpose ? had the hon . gent . digested any such ? had he formed any system of substitution ? For his part , he believed that in the event of any such being adopted , and if the consequence was found to be that they paid more than they do at present , the people of Ireland would not be very much in love with the alteration ; and yet such he firmly believed would be the probable case in such an event , inasmuch as he was satisfied , that on the whole the tithes did not , according to their present mode of collection , produce 50 percent . of their real value . Besides , what must they do in proceeding to carry the proposed measure into effect ? They must in the first instance institute a commission for the purpose of ascertaining what was the real value of tithes , in order to know what was the commutation at which it was to be fixed ; and did gentlemen suppose , that any plan , founded on such principles , could afford ease to the people ? He thought the very reverse would turn out to be