lord Burghersh 's majority was yet filled up , yet he assured the house that it was impossible for that noble lord to retain it . , although as strenuous a friend as any in that house to the propriety of conferring military rewards upon all officers who had signally conducted themselves , still declared his opinion , that lord Burghersh 's late promotion was an act of gross and crying injustice . The hon . member next adverted to the illustration which the noble lord had attempted to make , by alluding to the case of general Graham , and concluded with a high eulogium upon the truly distinguished services and numerous advantages conferred upon his country by that officer in Italy and in Egypt , in Portugal and Spain . stated his anxiety to give an explicit reason for his vote on the present motion , particularly as he was in the habit of generally supporting the present servants of the crown . He considered that promotion highly improper from the effect it would have in creating great dissatisfaction amongst many very meritorious officers of high character and great experience in the military service , and therefore he should support the motion . , after the able manner in which the motion was supported by his noble and honourable friends who preseded him , was determined not to enlarge 676 upon the general question , but merely to limit his observations to one sentiment of an extraordinary nature , which had on that night been breached by the noble Secre-of State . It was contended with particular emphasis by that noble lord , that every encouragement should be held out , in order to induce into the military service persons of rank and affluence . Such was the great object which he conceived at this time desirable ; and what were his encouragements in order to effect that object ? The encouragements of the noble lord were these ; that to enlist rank into our armies , all the principles which regulated the gradation of military rank were to be violated ; and that to obtain men of affluence , commissions were to be given to them without purchase . In conferring the honourable distinctions to which signal merit was entitled , the noble secretary , in place of attending to the concurring testimony of the public voice , would , in his management of public remuneration , confine the encouragements to rank and affluence . In his view of the national interest a system was desirable , which , whilst it drove from our armies the men fit to practise the dangerous duties of the military profession , would give us only rank and affluence to combat with the best disciplined army upon earth . Such a principle he would ever reprobate as the most dangerous aggression ever carried into effect against the security of the state . said , that he could never subscribe to the doctrine that night maintained , viz . that the interests of the crown and the country were at variance . Thinking the contrary , he was determined to support the motion for investigating the causes of a promotion which , in his opinion , was highly unjust and improper . There could be no similarity between the services of general Graham and lord Burghersh . The former had conferred lasting and admitted benefits upon the country , and particularly in the important information he procured for sir John Moore ; whilst he never heard any specific circumstance or place which were either the effect or theatre of the noble lord 's exploits . defended the course of argument pursued by his noble friend ( lord Castlereagh ) , and contended , that six years had expired from the appointment of lord Burghersh to his ensigncy until his promotion to the majority . , in the said Committee , stated the annual Ways and Means for Ireland , commonly called the Budget ; which were as follow : WAYS AND MEANS . £ . Unappropriated Balances 1,739,381 Deduct unfunded Debt £ . 29,080 —Arrear to Howth 3,814 —Navigations 191,793 224,687 1,514,694