in such a transaction as that above stated , is to be represented as being a man morally corrupt . In fact , if their proceeding is corrupt , it will be difficult , or , I should say , utterly impossible , to stop there , and not to go on and declare corrupt the very influence itself , by which they are enabled to carry into effect this corrupt bargain . If the buying and selling be corrupt , it can only be so for reasons , which will make it corrupt to have the commodity which is capable of being so bought and sold . This is the true seat of the grievance , as , it must be confessed to be , the true place in which to apply the remedy . So long as there are persons in a situation to say , I can make an offer of a seat in parliament , so long will there be persons to treat with them for that object , and so long will means be found , for commuting in some way or other , the influence so pos- 742 sessed , for considerations valuable to the possessor . The only effectual way will be to get rid of the influence altogether . To make it penal for any one to have such goods in his possession . This the hon . mover may be assured is the use that will be made of his measure ( nay it is the just and legitimate use ) by those , who do not scruple now to oppose it , because they like to argue the question both ways , to be ready for either event ; and may think possibly , that more is to be gained by the rejection of it , and by the ground thereby laid for raising a clamour against parliament , than they can hope for from the argument and the authority which it will furnish , towards subverting the greater part of the influence , which property is now allowed to retain . I know how prompt the answer to this will be , and how triumphantly I shall be told , that no two things can be more remote from each other , than the influence of property , the just , wholesome , legitimate influence of property , and the sale of seats.—But let us recollect , that in the present business , we are arguing throughout upon principle , and that it is of the nature of principle , to unite things the most various and opposite in their individual forms and circumstances . It is not a question , how far things may be distinguished ; but how far those , which are naturally distinguished , may be assimilated and made one . Those who can make no distinction between an offence against the bribery laws , by giving money to a particular voter , and the sale of a seat , can hardly be expected to distinguish between the sale of a seat , and such a use of influence as would give them the seat to sell . I am as well aware as another that there is much influence , which , though ultimately to be traced to property , is so remote from its primary source , has been so changed in the gradations which it has passed through , has been so improved by successive graftings , as to retain little or nothing of its original character , —of the harshness and acerbity of the parent stock . The case is the same as with that passion in our nature , which , though too gross to be named , is often the source of every thing most delicate and sentimental ; which , as the poet describes , ——through some certain strainers well refin 'd , Is gentle love , and charms all woman-kind . All , in these instances , that property may 743 have done , is to have given to virtue the means of acting , and the opportunity of displaying itself ; to have furnished the instrument