yet soon after it was made , the `` inadequate fund '' was found a resource sufficient to provide 873 for several of Mr. Pitt 's friends and relations . Indeed , but a short time afterwards pensions were charged upon it of 1,500l . a year for Mr. Long ; 1,200l . a year for Mr. Huskisson ; of 6 or 700l . a year to each of Mr. Pitt 's nieces , together with an allowance to lady Chatham ; and no less than 1,500l . a year to lady Grenville . With this fact , and several others of a similar nature in his recollection , he could not subscribe to the justice of the right hon . gent . 's panegyric upon Mr. Pitt 's solicitude to curtail the public , expenditure , and to sacrifice to that object either personal connection or ministerial influence . vindicated the conduct of his right hon . friend in the transaction alluded to , and averred that the 4½ per cent , duties were inadequate to furnish the allowance granted to the duke of Gloucester at the time the proposition complained of by the hon . gent . was brought before the house . He proved that in the year 1720 , independent of the relative value of money , the Pension List was greater than at this moment . He also corrected his statements with respect to the 4½ per cent . fund , and shewed the nature of its application , in paying off 172,000l . of debt , after it was released from the payment of the duke of Gloucester 's annuity . As to the provision which his right hon . friend had thought proper to make for his relations , he was sure that the country would justify that , when they considered the merit of a life devoted to their service , and the circumstances under which he died . thought the poverty in which Mr. Pitt died was very much to his credit ; he was a man who practised virtue most , and made the least display of it ; he indeed `` Did good by stealth , and blush 'd to find it fame . '' thought the crown had no title to the revenue arising from the 4½ per cent . The question was , what had the practice been ? 20,000l . had been advanced in aid of the Civil List , which was the first sum ever thus appropriated , in 1791 . He wished to know if any law could be pointed out to his notice that he might have overlooked , authorising the crown to give pensions out of that fund . He condemned the giving political pensions from this fund , which ought to be only appropriated to the salaries of government . would by no means admit this principle ; it would be found that in the reign of George I. pensions had been 874 given from this 4½ per cent . fund , to many persons , and among the rest to lord Hobart , governor of Jersey . In the reign of George II . it was also applied to such purposes , as from 70 to 80,000l . had been drawn from it in aid of the Civil List , and in the year 1762 , a pension of 3,000l . per annum was given to the late lord Chatham . No Attorney or Solicitor General , or Lord Chancellor , since that time , could be named who had not been a party in such grants . It did not come within the spirit of Burke 's Act ; for Mr. Burke himself expressly stated , in one of his pamphlets , that he had a view only to the Civil List in his regulations , and that he knew of the 4½ per cent . fund , but thought it best to leave that as a reward for merit . The hon . gent . had alluded to the annuity granted to the duke of Gloucester in 1786 . What did parliament do on that occasion ? Did