by which it is carried on , than as a mere tax ; with which , as such , we have nothing to do but to impose and levy it at the cheapest rate we can . In the customs , too , a great part of the establishment is framed , and of the expense incurred , not so much for the collection of revenue as for the enforcement of our navigation laws , and of the system of our colonial trade . This is particularly the case in ail our foreign settlements , and in some degree at home . All the outgoings in this department , therefore , are not to be charged to the expense of collecting duties under its management . In the course of his statement the hon . gent , has found himself called upon twice 1119 to compliment the system of economy of the late ministers . A comparison of the expenditure of the army , during the year they were in office with that of the last year , afforded him the first opportunity . In making this comparison , however , the hon . gent . forgot to state , that with the increase of expense , the total number of the army had also proportionably increased , and that the amount of force employed on foreign service was much greater ; so that whatever might be the merit of economy in a preceding administration , the present one is not to be blamed as wanting in this respect , unless it can be shewn that it was unwise to augment our regular army , and impolitic to employ a considerable part of it in active operations against the enemy . The other instances , however , the hon . gent , thinks conclusive . During the reign of these economical ministers , he says the charge of management and collection was only 4l . 8s . per cent , and it is now 4l . 12s . 9d . an increase in the charge of collection to the amount of 200,000l . brought on by the profusion of the present government . If the hon . gent , had been better informed on this subject , he would have been obliged to admit that this increase of charge was owing to very different causes . When the present Board of Treasury came into office , they found among other legacies left to them by their predecessors , a very detailed Report from the Board of Excise of the whole of their establishment . By this document it appeared that the salaries of the excise officers had not been raised for a great number of years , and that they were then totally inadequate to their support . The commissioners of excise represented , in the most forcible terms , the absolute necessity of increasing these salaries , as the only means of securing the revenue , by placing the officers above corruption ; and , that , if the augmentation was any longer delayed , a general system of laxity , and a dependance on the parties whom they were appointed to survey , for loans of money , or assistance of some description , would be the inevitable result . With this representation , in which the commissioners who made it had no personal interest , as their salaries were not raised—with the example of Ireland , of which we have heard so much lately , before our eyes , with a revenue of 20 millions , and a system of collection , hitherto remarkable for its regularity and purity , at stake , and with such a forcible appeal 1120 from the officers themselves to the justice of the treasury , could we hesitate in acceding to the proposed augmentation of their salaries ? It was granted , and though , upon an average , it did not exceed 15l . to each officer , the aggregate increase of charge was considerably more than 100,000l . a year . Another great , but unavoidable augmentation in the charge of collection , arises from the abolition of fees