of the probable motions of Buonaparté , and particularly requested that cavalry might be sent . The noble lord did not send cavalry in sufficient numbers , and to that , according to the statement of sir John Moore , was to be ascribed many of the disasters of the campaign . Sir John Moore had said with justice , that the British army had never reached Spain till the Spanish armies had been defeated and their cause lost . The noble lord had besides so contrived it , that the army was in three divisions , and consequently inefficient as an army till it was too late . All this was owing to the delay of ministers.—Mr . T. then expressed his regret , that he should be obliged to say any thing respecting Mr. Frere , that might hurt the 479 feelings of the right hon . gent . But as much regard was due to the memory or sir John Moore as to the feelings of Mr. Frere . General Moore had been instructed to receive the Communications of Mr. Frere with respect . Mr. Frere gave it as his opinion that sir John Moore ought not to retreat . Then he sent Charmilly , of whom nobody said any thing that was good . Mr. Tierney denied that Charmilly had been sent to general Moore by the Junta , for the dispatches of the Junta had gone by a different road , and , in fact , had arrived before Charmilly.—He then dwelt upon the impropriety of the language of Mr. Frere to sir John Moore , and the manner in which he bad required that Charmilly should be examined before a council of war . He read some extracts from the papers , in order to shew that general Moore had been influenced in the first place to suspend his retreat , and afterwards to advance towards the north , by Mr. Frere . But in order to confirm this , he quoted an extract from a private letter , which sir John Moore had written to sir David Baird , and which had been sent to lord Liverpool ( Mr. Canning said he knew nothing of it ) . Mr. Tierney observed , that he could not have believed that there had been such a want of communication , and cordial co-operation among ministers . But such was the fact , and there could be no doubt that the disasters of the campaign were in a considerable degree , to be ascribed to Mr. Frere 's interference.—Mr . Tierney then adverted to the distressing situation in which sir John Moore had been placed , owing to the negligence of ministers , and dwelt upon the admirable manner in which he had conducted himself on his retreat . He could not , however , help saying that there appeared among ministers , something like a disposition to keep the merits of sir John Moore from the public view . He would ask whether an order had not been sent to the Drury-Lane Company by the Lord Chamberlain , not to continue the recitation of a monody to the memory of sir John Moore , composed by a member of that house ? The gentlemen at Lloyd 's , too , had proposed , at one time , to expend something in honour of the memory of sir J. Moore ; but they had afterwards discovered that they were not sufficiently rich for it . This was very extraordinary . Though they were too poor to honour the memory of sir John Moore , they were rich enough to reward sir Home Popham ( A laugh ) . He 480 concluded by observing , that from the evidence now before the house , it was manifest that the noble lord opposite was not to be trusted with the management even of a corporal 's guard . Unless parliament consented to pass a vote of censure upon the conduct of this campaign , the house would be responsible for whatever mismanagement might in future take place by the noble lord 's means . did not think it