? He thought that it would be much safer not to adopt a measure of this nature , at the very close of the session ; and that if the noble lord who had been so long considering the subject , had not made his bill complete , they might well despair of their powers of mending it with so little time for consideration . could not allow that there was any thing in this bill so vague and indefinite as had been stated by the right hon . gent . The words of the bill were `` wantonly and maliciously abusing . '' These were not words of vague and indefinite signification , hut such as magistrates and juries on other occasions conceived sufficient for their direction . As to the quantity of punishment or severity , the crime was entirely in the degree of it . Thus , where a man had dominion over his fellow creatures , such as a master over his apprentice , or a father over his child , they could never be accountable for that ordinary severity , which may be necessary , or be conceived to be necessary with respect to those whom it was their duty to govern . There was no one , however , would say that there were not degrees of cruelty in the exercise of this power which our laws very properly punished , and which juries and magistrates did not find it difficult to determine . But in this bill the words `` wantonly and maliciously '' being introduced , it would be still harder for the juries to mistake the proper line . He did not see how there could be any doubt ; and he thought it would be a strange thing , indeed , if the legislature were to forbear from making laws , merely on the statement that magistrates and juries would not understand them , and would determine in a manner that the law never intended , This was also supposing magistrates and juries to be absolutely void of common sense , and incapable of finding out what should be conceived wanton cruelty to an animal , although they are allowed to be perfectly capable of judging of what was unreasonable cruelty to a child , or an apprentice . He differed very much with the right hon . gent. , ( the Chancellor of 1031 * the Exchequer ) in his opinion of the case that had been stated . Could any body doubt , but that if a man were to bring a number of horses , or any other sensitive animals , and keep them in a confined place , famishing to such a degree as to prey upon each other , that this was a wanton and malicious abuse of his dominion over those animals ? ( Hear , hear ! from many members . ) An hon . gent . ( Mr. Frankland ) had expressed some doubts of the existence of this cruelty ; he should therefore cite a case from Leach 's Crown Law , which was a pretty recent one , in confirmation of the fact . A man of the name of John Shaw was indicted on the black act , in the year 1798 , at the Old Bailey , for the following offence . His master had refused to lend him a particular horse , and he was seen shortly after beating that horse on the head with the butt-end of a whip which he held in one hand , while with the other he had hold of the horse 's tongue . The horse was the same day found dead near the spot , with the tongue almost torn from its head . The man was acquitted , because hitherto no degree of cruelty to animals could be punished , unless it was proved to proceed from express malice to the master . There was no doubt at all but that the cruel act which he mentioned had been done , but hitherto the laws with respect to cruelty to animals only referred to the injury of the property