1144 pen ( as in fact it did towards the close of the American War ) that the imposition of new taxes would add nothing to the Revenue , but only depress the produce of the old ones . Rut I would ask the Right Honourable Gentleman , and every Gentleman present , from whatever part of the Country , where the symptoms of such impoverishment appear ? Supposing , however , such a decay to exist , I say that the same necessity which contracts our means ought to limit our expences . Shall we be the richer for plunging deeper in debt ? Will it increase our resources to consume those which yet remain ? In another case of a very opposite kind , I might think it advisable to abstain from further taxation—that of a very rapid improvement of the existing Revenue . Did our resources appear to be increasing in a degree nearly commensurate to our wants , I should be unwilling to endanger so prosperous a state of things by any interference : or to abridge the comforts of the public by any change which might be safely avoided or deferred . But though I am convinced that the National Wealth is progressively increasing , I fear we are far from such a state of things . The Revenue has of late appeared rather to decline than to increase . Another case in which I might approve of the course which has been pursued is that of a prospect of immediate peace , or of a great reduction of expence from any other cause . But of all suppositions this seems at present the most extravagant . The war rages more extensively and with greater exasperation than ever , and every day seems to bring forward some fresh obstacle to accommodation , and some new call for our exertions . But leaving to the defenders of this measure to point out such circumstances as may , in their opinion , justify it , I shall proceed to state a few of the numerous objections which induce me to condemn it . In the first place it is a weak and delusive resource , which will be speedily exhausted . To those who contemplate the War Taxes only in a mass , and consider them as producing upwards of twenty millions annually , they may appear to afford resources for funding the charge of many years of war . But distinctly and accurately considered , for this purpose , they will shrink into a very narrow compass . The Property Tax no one has yet proposed to continue in time of peace , even as an annual grant ; although , if the 1145 public could be reconciled to it , it might , at a reduced rate , be preferable to many others . But to mortgage it for forty years by means of Loans is two wild an idea to be entertained . This at once reduces the twenty millions to about nine . Of these there is no doubt that a certain proportion may be made permanent without any very material inconvenience , but in my opinion that proportion is a small one ; and I am very anxious to know what particular taxes the Right Honourable Gentleman would select . About two thirds of this sum is furnished by Excise duties and one third by Customs . The Custom duties he seems to put out of the question . The Excise duties are on Malt , which produces near half the sum of six millions , and on Tea , Spirits , and Tobacco , and among these he is to make his choice . Will the Country approve of his perpetuating a Malt Tax so heavy as that which now subsists ? Or will he , in defiance of experience , pledge those taxes which Mr. Pitt was obliged to reduce or to commute because they could not be collected ? During war , and especially a war of such animosity as the present , these duties may be tolerably secure : because , in addition to the activity of the