; ( though just as good as that to which I have been adverting , ) for what is the affinity between the two offences , so as to justify the considering the one , as differing from the other only by being upon a larger scale ? A man by procuring the inclosure of a common , where such inclosure ought not to take place , may do a much worse moral act , with Jess temptation probably , and 746 with far more injury to others ' interests , than by the theft of many geese : yet who would ever dream of describing these as kindred acts , or propose that the incloser of commons , if convicted of having done so improperly , should be punished by imprisonment and whipping ? Other instances may be cited more directly in point . There are , or have been , I believe , laws to restrain the retail sale of spirits . Should we think that a man argued very wisely or conclusively , with much fairness of representation or much knowledge of the principles of legislation , who should harangue at the door of an alehouse ( the only place however fit for such a discourse ) against the justice of laws , which could punish a publican for selling a dram to a poor wretch , who wanted it perhaps to solace him under the effects of cold and hunger , to whom it must stand in the place of food and raiment ; while the same law did not scruple to permit the sale of these spirits by wholesale on the part of the rich merchant or still more opulent planter : and should take occasion from thence to ask ( exactly in the stile of my hon . friend ) if such was the punishment for selling a dram or gill , what did they deserve who sold these spirits by whole puncheons and shiploads ? The answer is , that these acts do not stand to each other in the relation of more or less , but are perfectly disparate and dissimilar ; are productive of different consequences ; are to be regulated by different provisions ; are so widely separated in character , as that the one may be an object of national encouragement , a source of public wealth and benefit , while the other can produce nothing but mischief , and is a practice requiring to be restrained by penal statute . Nothing therefore can be more false than the inference by which it is concluded that the sale of a seat in cases where it can be effected , must be deemed corrupt , because there are laws which prohibit the gift of money to individual voters . Both may be corrupt , and both may require to be prohibited : but not the one on account of the other . Supposing however the fact to be , that by fair construction of the law of parliament , such bargains as are here in question , must be considered as illegal , and may in consequence be denominated corrupt : it is so far from following that the present bill is therefore necessary , that the presumption would rather he the other way , and the conclusion be that a new bill was not 747 wanted ; inasmuch as it could only prohibit that which was already prohibited . In general , the precedent of any law tells as much for what it does not , as for what it does . If we have the authority of our ancestors for doing so much , we have their authority also for doing no more . If they tell us , that such things ought to be prevented , they tell us likewise , so far as we chuse to be guided by them , that the attempts at prevention ought not to be pushed beyond a certain extent . It is undoubtedly true , that laws , right in their object , may be deficient in their means , or that change of times and circumstances may require new