this motion , in consistency with the opinion which he had given on the former motion . In answer to what the right hon . gent . had said , of his appearing not to be aware of the difficulties which attended the plan which he recently proposed , because he had not replied to the objections which he had urged to it , he said that the reply made to those objections by a right hon . friend of his , rendered it unnecessary for him to do so . He had said , that the plan of enabling incumbents to make leases for twenty-one years was a plan of no detail and of no difficulty . The fact was , that nothing would have been so easy as to have secured the successor to the incumbent making the leases against injury , because it would only have been necessary to have adopted the same regulations as those under which all tenants for life under settlements are controled in making leases of their lands , and then the situation of the successor to the incumbent making leases , would have been exactly the same as the situation of tenant in remainder under the established law . With regard to what the right hon . gent . had said about no inquiry being necessary , and of the competency of the house to discuss and decide upon any specific plan that may be brought before it , without any previous inquiry , he begged the house would not forget the declaration of the right hon . gent . when he should bring for- 800 ward a specific plan next session , in order that his motion may not be opposed as his former one was , on a plea of want of inquiry and of information . The chief Secretary for Ireland had said , the proposed inquiry could do no good , because it was impossible that it could lead to any practical plan . To this doctrine of the impossibility of the house being able to discover any plan for a commutation of tithes he must protest ; for though it might be difficult to say what plan was the best , still there were so many great authorities in favour of a commutation , and who had pointed out plans for effecting it , that it certainly must be in the power of the house , if it would sincerely set about the work , to discover some plan which would meet the evil complained of . The authority of Dr. Paley was quite decisive upon the subject ; he had said that he knew of no measure so practicable , and of no alteration that would be so beneficial , as a commutation of tithes for corn rents . This opinion should therefore give the house reason to suspect , that the assertion of the right hon . gent . that no practical plan can be discovered , was wholly unfounded . He begged the house to consider , that they were now called on by his majesty 's ministers to tell those who had sent petitions to this house , that the house would not inquire into grounds of their complaints ; and he submitted to the justice and good sense of the house , whether , under the circumstances of Ireland and of the continent , this was an answer that ought to be given to them . rose to bring forward his promised motion upon this subject . The supply of the army with proper medicine and medical aid was , he was observed , a matter of so much importance , that he could not conceive it possible to raise a doubt , as to the propriety of making it the subject of parliamentary investigation , where any ground for complaint appeared . That such ground existed was manifest from the Report upon the table . For in this Report it was stated , that out of 20,000 men employed in expeditions to the West Indies , no less than 13,000 were the victims of disease ; one-third owed their death to