at present disposed to advert , and that for the purpose of doing justice to the Gentlemen opposite to me . It is that of the Charges of Management of the Revenue , on the increase of which remarks 1138 have lately been made . I believe a considerable part of this increase to arise from the abolition of Fees and increase of Salaries in the Department of the Customs , which is in my opinion not only a wise but a truly œconomical regulation ; though it occasions an apparent increase of expence , by bringing into the public accounts a part of those emoluments which were before derived from individuals , and not publicly stated . This regulation had been resolved on , and in part carried into execution , before the appointment of the present Ministers . The case is the same with respect to the increase of the Salaries of the inferior Officers of Excise , whose situation was such as made it impossible for them to subsist their families . I know that the necessity of this increase was felt ; and I believe that it was ordered before I quitted the service of the Treasury . It is not my intention to comment on that pact of the Resolutions which regards the Finances of Ireland , on account of the absence of so many Gentlemen belonging to that part of the kingdom ; and because the subject has lately been discussed by those who are best qualified to do it justice . I pass , Sir , over many considerations naturally arising out of the Resolutions I am about to propose , in order to enter upon that subject which has principally induced me to come forward on this occasion.—I mean the charge created on the War Taxes by the Loan of the year . To illustrate this I have prepared two Resolutions stating the total amount of the Expences of Great Britain during the War , taken in its most extensive sense , as comprising the whole period from 1793 , and the means by which they were defrayed . For the Peace of Amiens , though an important æra in many respects , and particularly in a financial point of view , can be considered only as a Truce or Armistice in the long course of hostilities arising out of the French Revolution . My materials will be found in the Accounts of Income , Expenditure , and Distribution of Grants , which have been annually laid before the House since 1798 , when our public Accounts received their present improved form from the labours of the Committee over which you , Sir , presided with so much ability . Previously to that year , I have taken them from the Accounts laid before Parliament in 1800 , preparatory to the Union , from the 1st 1139 and 24th Reports of the Committee to which I have just alluded , and from various Accounts printed in the Journals . I have not attempted , in those Resolutions , to deduce the Account year by year , because I am sensible that in whatever way it might be taken , whether as a Cash Account of Receipts and Payments , or as a Statement of Expenditure incurred and of Ways and Means , it might lead to erroneous conclusions , as to particular years , from the various periods to which the Accounts are made up , and the provision frequently made in one year for expences incurred in another . Mine is principally a Cash Account , except that the Loans and War Taxes are stated as belonging to the years in which they were voted , and not to those in which they were actually paid into the Exchequer . And it is obvious that , when the Accounts of a period of several years are taken together , difficulties of the kind I have mentioned will not occur , and the general result may be sufficiently accurate . From these Resolutions it will appear , that , supposing the War to continue to the same period of next year as