lay of a new and glorious era , from the commencement of which nothing will be known but a determination to live and die by the constitution . What a pity that prospects so bright , and which my hon . friend contemplates with such unspeakable satisfaction , should be so soon obscured ! Never was hope so sanguine , so suddenly blasted ! It is nipped in its first bud . It does not live to the second reading . It is consigned to the tomb almost at the moment of its birth . Oh just beloved and lost , admired and mourned ! This medicine , which was to produce such wonderful effects , which was to operate like a charm , so pleasant to the taste , so comfortable in the stomach , has totally falsified the first prediction respecting it , namely , that it would be taken with great avidity . What it may be in the stomach , we can not well say ; for those for whose special use it was intended , who were to seize it so greedily , will not suffer it to remain within their lips ; they spit it out upon the hands of my hon . friend , while he is in the act of administering it . Much useful instruction and information may be derived from hence as well to my hon . friend as to ourselves . My hon . friend , I hope , will learn a lesson , of great utility to all reformers , to distrust a little the more remote consequences of their measures , when they see how liable they are to error , even in those which they expect to take place immediately . The house , it is hoped , will learn this distrust with respect to the measure now proposed . It is no great recommendation of any medicine that its effects are totally mistaken by the person who advises it . All our confidence in the physician is already lost . The only certain knowledge which we have as yet of the measure , is that it will not do what the hon . mover predicted of it . It will not satisfy those , who at present inveigh against the abuses of the system , and contend that it ought to be reformed . On the contrary , they say that this measure , unless accompanied with others far more extensive , will only make things worse . I have already endeavoured to show that 772 the practice meant to be corrected , has no crime in it abstractedly considered ; is not malum in se . It is culpable only as it may be made so by law , or as it may practically be found to produce effects injurious to the public interest . When opinion out of doors is urged as a reason for adopting it , the answer is , that opinion out of doors is a very bad reason for adopting any measure , inasmuch as there can hardly be a worse criterion of what is really for the public benefit ; and that , after all , the public opinion does not call for this measure separately and unaccompanied with others , which the hon . mover would declare , that he does not wish to see take place . The inducements , therefore , to a compliance with the present motion he in a very small compass indeed . They are simply its own merits ; for , as to the splendid incidental consequences dwelt upon with such rapture by the hon . mover , they are all at an end . There will be no satisfaction produced . What is called `` the public '' will not thank you for the measure , otherwise than as it may be made a subject of triumph , and a stepping-tsone to other objects , The objections to it on the other hand , are the dangers of this triumph , and of those other objects to which it is meant to lead . Upon the result of these opposite