in the examination of these qualities , powers , and instincts , we could discover nothing else but that admirable and wonderful construction for man 's assistance ; if we found no organs in the animals for their own gratification and happiness ; no sensibility to pain or pleasure ; no grateful sense of kindness , nor suffering from neglect or injury ; no senses analogous , though inferior to our own : if we discovered , in short , nothing but mere animated matter , obviously and exclusively subservient to human purposes , it would be difficult to maintain that the dominion over them was a trust ; in any other sense at least than to make the best use for ourselves of the property in them which Providence had given us . But , my lords , it calls for no deep or extended skill in natural history to know that the very reverse of this is the case , and that God is the benevolent and impartial author of all that he has created . For every animal which comes in contact with man , and whose powers , and qualities , and instincts , are obviously constructed for his use , nature has taken the same care to provide , and as carefully and bountifully as for man himself , organs and feelings for its own enjoyment and happiness . Almost every sense bestowed upon man is equally bestowed upon them ; seeing , hearing , feeling , thinking ; the sense of pain and pleasure ; the passions of love and anger ; sensibility to kindness , and pangs from unkindness and neglect , are inseparable characteristics of their natures as much as of our own . Add to this , my lords , that the justest and tenderest consideration of this benevolent system of nature is not only consistent with the fullest dominion of man over the lower world , but establishes and improves it . In this , as in every thing else , the whole moral system is inculcated by the pursuit of our own happiness . In this , as in all other things , our duties and our interests are inseparable . I defy any man to point out any one abuse of a brute which is property , by its owner , which is not directly against his own interest . Is it possible then , my lords , to contemplate this wonderful arrangement , and to doubt for a single moment that our dominion over animals is a trust ? They are created indeed for our use , but not for our abuse . Their freedom and enjoyments , when they cease to be consistent with our just dominion and enjoyments , can be no 556 part of their natures ; but whilst they are consistent , I say their rights , subservient as they are , ought to be as sacred as our own . And although certainly , my lords , there can be no law for man in that respect , but such as he makes for himself , yet I can not conceive any thing more sublime , or interesting , more grateful to heaven , or more beneficial to the world , than to see such a spontaneous restraint imposed by man upon himself . This subject is most justly treated by one of the best poets in our language . Mr. Cowper , in the Task , says : The sum is this . If man 's convenience , health , Or safety , interfere , his rights and claims Are paramount , and must extinguish theirs . Else they are all—the meanest things that are : He then proceeds in a most affecting and sublime appeal to our humanity and justice . I have not a sufficient recollection of it , and I will not destroy the effect of it by misrepeating it . The same subject is touched upon , in most eloquent prose , in the theological works of Mr. Jones , which were put into my hands the other day by my worthy and excellent friend at your