other country on the face of the globe . I am proud to say so , and that I live in such a country . And I rejoice I can say , still more , there never were times when more goodness of the people existed , than in the present . There never was more purity in the mind of man , than in this country , and in these times . I do not mean in a certain month or year ; but there is a progression of good qualities , up to the , times in which we live , and which have emanated from religious institutions , founded upon the enlightened system of Christianity ; the beneficence and mildness of which I have always admired ; and , consistently with the principles of which , I have framed this bill . said a few words , expressing his most cordial support of the bill , and that he had on a former day only wished due caution might be used in framing it , so that it should not be injurious in its operation . The Bill , as amended , passed through the committee , and was ordered to be printed with the amendments . rose to move for an Account of the Number of Licences issued within a certain period , under the act of 1 W. & M. c. 18. commonly called the Toleration Act , and of the 19 G. 3. c. 44 , entitled , `` An Act for the further relief of Protestant Dissenting ' Ministers and Schoolmasters . '' It appeared , he said , to be highly desirable and important , that the information which it was the object of his motion to procure , should be possessed by parliament and the public . He had no reason to doubt , that a large majority of those , who had obtained licences under these Acts , had applied for them from motives the most strictly conscientious : as little could he doubt , that the wise and liberal policy , by which these acts were dictated , had , in numerous instances , been grossly abused . That such was the fact was well known to magistrates , who were in the habit of attending quarter sessions of the peace in the several counties of England and Wales.—Under these acts , it was competent to any person calling himself a protestant dissenter , of whatever age , or condition , however ignorant , however exceptionable in conduct , and character , by taking the oaths , and making the declarations thereby required , to qualify himself as it was termed , to present any doctrines he pleased , and thus to obtain an exemption from all parochial offices , and from serving on juries , or in the militia . Thus was a strong incentive afforded to schism , and in proportion to its success , an increased buthen thrown upon the members of the established church . He desired , however , to be understood as applying his complaint on this point solely to immunities claimant by self-appointed preachers and teachers , not attached to any dissenting congregations ; or by those who , being in the ministry , were also engaged in secular occupations and callings . Persons duly appointed and devoting themselves to the performance of their spiritual duties , ought in his opinion , to enjoy the same immunities as those who had received episcopal ordination , —As to the description of persons , to whom licences ought to be granted ( for they were now claimable as of right , ) it was a point of extreme delicacy , and importance , concerning which he should be averse to any regulations , but such as all sober minded , and rational dissenters must approve . He could not however , but presume that every individual of that description must be desirous that the doctrines , which he believed 855 should not be publicly preached by persons wholly destitute of ordinary attainments ; by persons not arrived at that period of life , previous