) that at the place of execution they have conducted themselves with decency and contrition ; and in allowing the justice of the sentence passed upon them , or rather which ought to be passed upon them , I can not help feeling some compassion for their unhappy lot . But the Dutch Commissioners , Sir , enter no such claims . When convicted of guilt upon the most undeniable evidence , after having in vain attempted every subterfuge ; after having been allowed every possible mode of evasion and explanation , they , by a paper 304 published subsequent to the breaking up of the Committee , arraign the conduct of the Committee itself , which it therefore becomes our duty to support and to protect.—I can not help remarking that this Commission has arisen out of one of those abominable practices , which , if they belong to , entirely disgrace , the law of nations : and that the Dutch Prizes , for the settlement of which this Commission was instituted , were tempted into our ports by a proclamation which offered to them the protection of this nation . That they having repaired hither , according to the language of a subsequent Order in Council , in full confidence , were , after another Order in Council directing reprisals to be made upon the Dutch , seized upon as prize of war : and according to the custom of civilized nations , we made a prey of those whom we had pretended to protect . The Chancellor of the Exchequer has described this to have been an anomalous commission of an extraordinary nature . Unquestionably during the first short period of its institution it was so : but that soon ceased ; and after war had been declared against Holland , the king by his Order in Council , appointed this commission for the ordinary purposes to which such commissions are applied , and it came under the controul of the privy council exactly in the same manner as others . However , sir , as an extenuation of the conduct of these gentlemen , it matters not in what way they were constituted . They were appointed servants to the public ; which public , according to the confession even of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , they have grossly defrauded.—After the confession made by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , and the guilt allowed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I am at a loss to conceive how any man can presume to recommend that no notice should be taken of these proceedings by the house of commons ; and that no question should be taken either upon the negligence of the government , or the criminality of the Commissioners : and yet such is the course that we are called upon to pursue , to open our eyes to negligence and criminality , and to pass them over unobserved upon , and unstigmatized.—Perhaps , it is difficult to find in all the accounts of public servants who have misconducted themselves towards the nation which employed them , a case more flagrant than that which is now before us . These gentlemen having been appointed 305 for the purposes mentioned in the act of parliament , were left , as is the custom , without any specific salary named : but , in all other instances that I am aware of , of the same nature , the Commissioners have waited with patience till parliament or the privy council , as the nature of the case might be , should have determined what that salary should be . In this instance , however , the Dutch Commissioners became very soon impatient ; and , although parliament and the Treasury had forgotten them , they did not forget themselves . It appears , that they very early turned their attention to the subject of their own profit , and that not knowing what to do , or what mode of remuneration to adopt , they applied for information upon the subject.—Sir , it must appear to men of ordinary