all were of one 827 opinion as to the propriety and policy of the assistance to be rendered to them . He could not , however , but observe , that the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) would place ministers in a situation of considerable difficulty . The last session a warning came from the other side of the house on this subject , to the effect that ministers should abstain from any thing which would look like the exclusive consideration of British interests . They now were bequeathing a legacy of caution rather to provide for a reverse than for success , and thus encouraged in this instance what they on a former occasion disavowed . The advice of the right hon . gent , might in fact , if followed , furnish him with a certain ground of attack against ministers . Between these two contradictory courses , ministers were placed in such a situation , that he had no doubt that which ever should be pursued , the party to which the right hon . gent , belonged would contrive to find materials for censure . Thus the right hon . gent . would in either point of the dilemma have the best of the argument over ministers . With respect to the observations that had fallen from an hon . gent. , in relation to the maritime rights exercised by Great Britain in the detention of neutral vessels : he besought those philosophers and theorists , who were so fond of recommending their abstract notions of justice to the adoption of ministers , particularly respecting our maritime ascendancy , which might , and no doubt was sometimes abused , to consider the character of the enemy whom we had to encounter , and to reflect whether we ought to disarm ourselves of any retaliation upon him , by whom no principle of justice whatever was held sacred . When it was considered that in all the countries of Europe British property had been confiscated ; when it was considered that contrary to the mitigated practice of the law of nations in modern times , if not contrary to the recorded law , the persons of unoffending travellers had been seized nut only in France but in every country under the direction of France , it must be manifest that if there was any thing in the maritime practice of this country which ought to be modified , it should be so modified , not by an act of the parliament , but by a mutual arrangement with the other powers of Europe . It would be most unwise to seize a moment of unexampled violence as the fittest for disarming ourselves of a practice so 828 long adhered to , and which had woven itself into the principles of our maritime warfare . As to the connections between this country and the island of Sicily , he had formerly made some observations to the house relative to the right which it was asserted Great Britain had acquired by defending Sicily to interfere in the melioration of her internal affairs . He differed widely from the hon . gent , opposite in thinking , that a period when a British garrison was in a country was the period when recommendations of the nature alluded to ought to be made . The blessings enjoyed under the British constitution were the effect of gradual , not of sudden improvement . It was not because we carried in our bosoms the image of that constitution , that we should expect to see it reflected in every other country . It was to be hoped that any nation whose intercourse and union with Great Britain were intimate , would gradually imbibe the feelings of Great Britain ; but it could not be expected that 16,000 bayonetted philosophers would suddenly produce the effect which in Great Britain had been the result of the Revolutions , and the accumulated wisdom of ages.—After adverting to the allusions made to the speech imputed to him at a late Meeting , at the London Tavern , to the formation