Mr. Palmer was entitled to . He had however no objection to the affair being investigated in a court of law , if it could be brought about ; but he did not perceive how it was to be received , and decided upon in that way . was of opinion , that nothing could be more fair than the modes of proceedure proposed by the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion . The question as to Mr. Palmer 's claim had been frequently discussed in that house , and decided upon by large majorities , and as he could not avail himself of these decisions he was willing to remove his cause into another court . In respect to the impossibility of bringing it before a Jury in a tangible shape , that would be proved when it was brought into court ; at any rate , after all that had past , it would be only consistent in the house to remove all impediments as far as in them lay . conceived , that as there appeared to be a difference of opinion as to the wording the address between those who supported it , this circumstance should induce them to lay the proposition on the table for further consideration , in 703 order to prevent risking the adoption of a precedent , which might be dangerous in its consequences , and excited others who were discontented with bargains entered into with government , to try what perseverance for years , and solicitation of friends could effect in that house , [ here the learned gent . was called to order . ] It was proposed that the Receiver General should be directed to defend the action , without availing himself of the strength his situation furnished him with . Was the learned gent . ( Mr. Adam ) prepared to say , that this expedient would answer the ends proposed ? He thought that although it might be adopted , still a court of justice could not but perceive how the fact really was , and the consequence would be that a non-suit would necessarily follow . He for one would never consent to the prosecuting any claim against the crown except in a legitimate way , be the individual merits what they might . If there was any remedy in law , resort to it ; if , on the other hand , the redress lay in equity , use it ; but if relief were not to be found in either , the case ought to be left as it was , for no infringement should take place in established usages . thought the house bound to enforce by agreeing to the motion , that justice they had already admitted by their former votes upon the subject . The crown was not called on to abandon its prerogative , but merely to forbear in this instance ; a forbearance neither unusual or unfrequent , and this was all that was asked , namely , that if that house would not enforce its own decisions , to let the cause go before another tribunal . He could see no danger to the prerogative by agreeing to the motion , but much to the dignity of that house by refusing it . said , that all Mr. Palmer wished for was , that the Receiver General should be desired to defend the action , which he intended to bring against government , for the breach of contract entered into ; and all the house was asked to do , was to admit the case to be brought forward fairly in a court of law , or equity . How , he would ask , was the dignity , the character , or the honour of that house to be compromised by its directing such a cause to be tried , even although the claimant did not succeed ? It had been said by a right hon . gent . opposite , that the courts were open to every one , and that there was a legal remedy for every thing of this nature ;