friend to the army must be anxious to preserve it unimpaired . Certainly , nothing that could tend in the remotest degree to reduce its comforts , ought to be even risked for such a sum as 52l . a year . But he hoped the evil complained of would be removed . Neither the receipt of rent , however considerable , nor the merit of any officer however distinguished , should reconcile him to any grant likely to interfere with the comforts of the meritorious body who occupied Chelsea Hospital . The hon . officer concluded with stating , that he should be happy to find that the papers did justify the confident ianguage of the right hon . gent , who spoke last ; but if not , he declared his intention to support the hon . baronet in his motion for bringing the Surveyors and the Medical Gentlemen of the Hospital to the bar , to be examined upon this subject . observed , that one would suppose from the arguments of the hon . general , that something had been taken from Chelsea Hospital to be given to a favoured officer ; whereas the fact was , that when this ground was bought by government , it was left to the physician of the Hospital , the trustees , and the surveyors , to cut and carve out of it what they thought necessary for the use of the Hospital . Before the 34th of the king , the disposal of crown lands was a source of influence to ministers ; but since the passing of that act , the crown lands had been let with as much attention to the interests of the public , and as accurate regard to their actual value , as the lands of any bishop , or corporate body in the kingdom . said , he had not stated that any thing was granted from Chelsea Hospital to a favoured officer . He had only said , that he would not consent to a grant to any officer living or dead , which would be injurious to that Hospital . was glad that the atten- 41 tion of the house had been called to this subject , because it must be productive of one good effect ; that it would induce gentlemen to look into the provisions of the act of the 34th of the king , under which the disposition alluded to took place . In his opinion , a much more beneficial arrangement than that act prescribed might be provided to regulate the disposal of crown lands . That act was originally introduced upon the alledged ground of guarding against the influence of the crown ; but it appeared to him , that there was still left quite scope enough for that influence to operate . The land was never advertised , and the bargains were close . Now , instead of such a mode of proceeding , he would have the land advertised , take the surveyor 's report , and then sell the land by public auction . This struck his mind as a much more beneficial plan for managing the crown lands than that which was now pursued . expressed a hope that he should experience the indulgence of the house whilst he look some notice of the allusions which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had thought proper to make to his general conduct . Those allusions were so foreign to the question before the house , and so irregular in other points of view , that he really should have hoped that the eye of the chairman would have caught that of the right hon . gent . and checked him in his high career , when imputing improper motives to the conduct of any member . This observation he made , he could assure the right hon . gent . without any feeling of that indignant warmth which appeared to actuate him . Arrogance might be imputed to him for pronouncing any opinion upon the subject of the building referred to , without inquiring about the reports of the