expressed to the Conquerors of Martinique ; and that service had certainly never been effected in a manner more honourable in every point , of view , to those who had been employed in it , than on the present occasion . Whether the house regarded the whole course of proceeding , or the shortness of the time in which the conquest had been accomplished , the service must be considered as having been performed in a way that called for the best acknowledgments of parliament . It was a most important feature in this transaction , that it had not interfered with other services ; that it had been accomplished without an armament from Europe , which had on former occasions been required , but that the ability of the officers abroad had been adequate to the purpose without any effort from home . It was a proud circumstance in the military situation of the country , that this conquest had been effected in the West Indies , while 50,000 men were employed abroad in Europe . The time was so short , and the operations were all conducted with such activity , that it was impossible to look at the whole without admiration . Throughout the whole of the business , the troops had displayed signal instances of valour , as they always did when opportunity offered . But there was another feature in the conduct of this expedition , which was highly creditable to those who had the management of it , viz . That the conquest had been accomplished without that injury to the health of the troops which had usually attended West India service . But so careful had the officers been , that on this occasion the 47 health of the troops had been as perfect as if they had never moved from their cantonments ; indeed , as perfect as if the service had been effected in a move temperate climate . But this service had not only been accomplished in a manner the most meritorious in a military point of view . It had been equally well conducted in every other light in which it could be regarded . No stipulation had been admitted which could preclude any regulations which his majesty might see fit to adopt with respect to the island ; and the inhabitants , who had shewn a good-will to the British cause , had been treated with every possible kindness . Every thing , therefore , proved the claim of the officers and troops to the thanks of the house . In every branch of the service the utmost zeal and activity had been displayed ; and the two services had acted together with that unanimity and cordiality which was the surest pledge of success . He concluded by moving the following Resolutions : —1 . `` That the thanks of the house be given to lieut . gen. George Beckwith , for his able and gallant conduct in effecting the conquest of Martinique . 2 . That the thanks of this house be given to rear-admiral sir Alexander Cochrane , k. b. for his able and meritorious direction of the naval force in effecting the conquest of Martinique . 3 . That the thanks of the house be given to lieut . gen. sir G. Prevost , to gen. Maitland , & c. & c. for their gallant and meritorious services in effecting the conquest of Martinique . 4 . That the thanks of the house be given to commodore Colburne , the captains and officers of the fleet , for their meritorious conduct in the same service . 5 . That the house acknowledges the zeal and good conduct of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers in effecting the conquest . 6 . That the house acknowledges the good conduct of the sailors and marines in the same services . '' All these Resolutions were agreed to nem . con . made some objections to the clause respecting the appointment of Assignees , to which he proposed making some amendments . said , that no remedy was at present proposed , and considering the advanced state of