for Spain and Portugal must in fact be fought . observed , that if was the duty of ministers neither to be elevated by temporary success , nor depressed by the casual disasters to which war was sub- 920 ject , but to administer the resources committed to their charge in the best manner for the country and the world . The hon . general had taken an unfair view of the transactions in Portugal , which he affirmed , under all the circumstances , to have been very brilliant , though he had never described them as general battles . Since the army was under the command of sir A. Wellesley , he thought the advice of the hon . general might-have been spared , as every thing that zeal and knowledge could effect would be done . As to the success mentioned in the news of the day , he was always unwilling to raise too sanguine expectations in the country , as well as to prevent its being depressed in adversity . ( of Kerry ) approved of the declaration of government , that they would not abandon Spain as long as it would be true to itself . The bill was then passed . called the attention of the committee to the subject of the Smaller Livings in England , the increase of which was the object of queen Anne 's Bounty . He had himself given the matter much consideration ; and from the pains taken , he was in hopes he should have been enabled to have brought the matter fully under their consideration in the course of this present session ; but though the returns were as yet but imperfect , those from four dioceses not having been made , yet he thought no time should be lost , as they approached to the end of a session , of doing something , by way of pledge that the business would be ultimately reduced to a system . By the returns already made , imperfect as they were , it appeared , that by the regular application of queen Anne 's Bounty , it would take forty years to come , to make the smaller livings up to 50l . a-year ; that it would take three times that period , of 120 years , to make them up 100l . a-year , end so on in a greater proportion . He considered it wise , therefore , to take a step towards accomplishing the first degree , by proposing to the house , to vote the sum of 100,000l . to be paid to the governors of queen Anne 's Bounty , to be laid out in the same manner as that fund . Supposing the house to pursue that system yearly , without any increase , they would attain the first object , namely , the increase 921 of small livings of 50l . a-year , in the short space of four years . He declared his intention of not confining the measure to England , but intended , on a future day , to move an address to his majesty for a statement of the Poor Livings in Scotland and Ireland , for the purpose of extending similar relief . He concluded with moving `` That a sum not exceeding 100,000l . be granted to his majesty , to enable his majesty to pay the same to the Governors of the Bounty of queen Anne , for the augmentation of the maintenance of the Poor Clergy , to be by them applied in the increase of the maintenance of the Poor Clergy , according to the rules and regulations by which the Funds of that Corporation are governed ; and that the said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever . '' did not object to this resolution , but observed , that a part of queen Anne 's Bounty had been applied to other than purposes strictly clerical . He also remarked that a great many of the small livings were in the possession of rich pluralists , who could have no need of