them how they liked saddles and bridles , it was pretty likely that , if they had the power of speech , they would give their opinion against any such innovation . objected to the extent of the proposed introduction of jury trial into Scotland . In some respects he thought jury trial objectionable , as in the case of an action in a bond , in which and in other cases , he thought the law of Scotland wiser than our own . His lordship defended the conduct of the commissioners , and stated his opinion , that the original bill was introduced without sufficient knowledge or information respecting the Scots laws . rose , and intimated his wish to make a particular communication , when strangers were ordered to withdraw . Upon our return to the bar , was addressing the house on the importance and necessity of the bill which he was about to propose , for the relief of suitors in the Court of Session in Scotland . He should conduct his perseverance in the measure , agreeably to the sense of the house , manifested on the present occasion . He concluded by moving , that the bill be read a first time . declared his consent to the first reading of the bill . Alluding to an observation of the noble baron , he never could admit that lawyers should have , in judicial affairs , a greater share in legislation than other peers . But he could not help observing , there never was a lawyer who did not fancy himself a statesman , and there never was a statesman who did not fancy himself a lawyer . He held an opinion that the introduction of trial by jury , in civil cases , would not answer the expectations of those who most contended for the measure . It reminded him of a discourse on the subject , by two very learned persons in the North . The one entertained an opinion hostile to the measure , and asked , with what machinery he would introduce it ? `` Why , '' answered his friend , `` there is nothing more easy ; make an act of parliament for its introduction . '' The first replied in his Northern dialect : `` My friend , if an act of parliament were passed to make us speak English , I believe we should speak Scotch notwithstanding . '' had no objection to the first reading of the bill , but urged the difficulty of framing a measure to give effectual remedy . moved the order of the day for the third reading of this bill , when counsel were ordered to be called in to be heard at the bar against its passing into a law ; after the bill was read a third time , the counsel having then withdrawn , rose and said , for any thing he knew , if this bill were allowed to pass , the suspension might be continued from year to year . It had been said originally , that the Irish distillers were in favour of the measure ; it could not be said so now , when their counsel appeared against it . He was convinced that Ireland had not been fairly dealt with ; but as to impress such a conviction might be productive of the worst consequences , he would not go into it , although he was certain that she had lost more than she had gained by the Act of Union . Those who desired the present bill to pass , wished for a monopoly , and would the house accede to it ? As far as one individual voice would go , he would protest against it , as a direct violation of the Act of Union . said , that what he would contend for was this , that the enactments of the Act of Union were clear , but that the schedule was confused and contradictory . The only way to prevent a misconstruction against Ireland , was to adopt this bill , as it was utterly impossible