are injured by measures adopted for the general good , that class of men has a strong , nay , an unanswerable claim upon the legislature for relief . Whether the capture of Martinique , by bringing a new influx of sugars into the European market , will again plunge the British West India Planters into that distress from which they are just emerging , depends upon political events which it is impossible to foresee . But should it produce that effect , I put in my claim to the justice and liberality of the legislature , and I will not weaken that claim by accepting as a boon what is in fact no boon : I will not sacrifice substantial for imaginary advantages , nor lose the substance by grasping at the shadow . As in the part which I am about to take on this occasion , I have the misfortune to differ in opinion with many of the gentlemen with whom I generally act , I think it right to guard against any misconstructions that may be put on my conduct . No man who is acquainted with my situation in life , can for a moment suspect me of harbouring any feelings inimical to the interests of the British West India Planters . On the contrary my interests are bound up in theirs ; for the greatest part of my property is invested in securities in the British West India colonies . It is true that I have also connections both at Martinique and at Guadaloupe ; but in point of extent they bear no proportion to my other concerns . As far , therefore , as interest may be supposed to operate on the human mind , the British Planters have an unquestionable pledge of my sincerity in their cause . It happens fortunately for my consistency too , that so long ago as the year 1792 , I published the very same doctrines that I am now about to maintain ; in proof of which I beg leave to read the following passage from a pamphlet respecting the sugar trade , written at that period . 'It is granted that when charters were first given to encourage the settlement of the British islands , and during the infancy of their establishment , it was an expedient and necessary encouragement , to secure to them the exclusive supply of the British market , by imposing such duties on foreign sugars as should amount to a prohibition . But now that their produce is more than adequate to the consumption of the mother country , so that one third part of it must be re-exported , and the price it will fetch in foreign markets must necessarily regulate the price of what is sold here , it is evident that this restriction can no longer be of use to them ; that not Great Britain alone , but Europe is the market for sugars the British Planter has to look up to ; and that the demand from abroad must increase , in proportion to the increased quantity , that diverted from their markets , finds its way to ours , so as to keep the universal price at one common level . ' The charge of inconsistency , therefore , can not justly be brought against me ; but how some of my West India friends will rescue themselves from this imputation , I am at a loss to imagine ; for the great mass of evidence given by these very gentlemen , before the various Committees of this house , which have been appointed to report upon West India subjects within these few years past , goes to establish the proposition for which I contend , and which they now mean to oppose ; namely that it is the quantity of sugar brought to Europe , that governs the price of the commodity in Great Britain . In the evidence given before the Commercial Committee in 1807 , this truth is laid down as an axiom : and the distress of the British Planters is justly attributed to the quantity of sugar brought to