this pledge , not less by their boasted professions of economy , than by the cheers of approbation they gave to the original assertion . Well , Sir , what was done ? Were the estimates of the navy diminished ? Was the sum required for wages , for wear and tear , for victualling , less than under the hon . admiral 's predecessors ? In fact , was the expense lessened at all , or in any material degree ? It certainly was not , and the hon . admiral must have found his mistake . It would be preposterous to pretend , that in an expenditure of nineteen millions , there exist no abuses at all ; but I maintain , that when they are discovered , they are corrected ; that there is no wilful waste countenanced by the heads of departments ; that there is as much vigilance and as much anxiety to keep down expense in the present admiralty as there could be during the management of the hon . admiral ; and that many beneficial regulations have lately been made for this purpose ; but that no such saving , as was rashly stated by him to be practicable , can be effected ; and that the total expence can not be materially , if at all , diminished , as long as the war compels us to keep up our navy to its present establishment . 1125 So far , therefore , from the hon . gent . 's statement haying derived any real support from the assertion of the gallant admiral , I say that he , as I trust the house and the public will , ought to take a warning from it , to mistrust his own assertions ; and that the mischievous use which has been made of the gallant admiral 's statement and authority out of doors , to create discontent , ought to have been a lesson to the hon . gent . to hesitate before he came forward here , or elsewhere , with similar assertions , calculated not to alleviate any real pressure , but to add to the irritation of the public , not to improve our resources , but to increase the difficulties and hazards inseparable from a protracted war , of which no man can foresee the issue , or determine the duration . said , the assertion of the hon . gent . with respect to the canvas being bad , and supplied by the inspector , was not correct . The contractor received but 1,400l . per annum ; out of that it could not be supposed the person could amass a fortune . If , however , the hon . gent . would come to-morrow and prove the statement he had made true , the Inspector should be turned out . Before , Sir , I make any reply to the arguments of the hon . member ( Mr. Huskisson ) , I feel myself called upon to assert , that a charge more unfounded could not be made by one member against another , than that which he has brought forward against the hon . member behind me , for making his statement an the last day of the session . I appeal to every member in the house , whether or not the hon . member was not compelled to do so ; and whether it was possible for him after the threat that was held over him from the moment at which he first expressed his opinion of the saving that might be made in the public expenditure , to permit the session to close , without coming down to the house and stating the grounds of that opinion . The hon . member has said , that the hon . mover has made a statement of mere assertion , and that he could just as easily have proved a saving of a million as a saving of 500,000l . whenever he had said that he could save the latter sum . This , Sir , I positively deny ; the statement of the hon