. There were many abuses existing there , which did not exist here . From the sentiments generally expressed in the house upon a former night , he was sure that an inquiry would be the best preliminary to 795 any measure that parliament could adopt to remedy those evils . He should touch upon a few of the grievances relative to the raising of Tithes in Ireland , in order that gentlemen might contrast them with the mode adopted in England . In many cases the tithes were collected by the agents of absentee clergymen in the most severe manner . It was also a general habit for clergymen to set them up to auction , and sell them to a respectable tenant , who employed another to extort the utmost from poor and unfortunate individuals . If such practices existed in England no minister would dare to resist a parliamentary inquiry . In Ireland , almost all the lower orders of the people subsisted by cultivating the soil , and it was upon them in particular this tax operated as a grievous burden . Even the potatoe garden of the peasant did not escape the most rigorous exactions . This was contrary to the principles of taxation adopted in any country whatever . Add to the severities of collection , the plan of apportionment was far from being equitable . In some counties , such as Ulster and Con-naught , the potatoe-gardens were not tithed at all . In Kerry , the tithe of potatoes was at the rate of 36s . per acre , and in two districts close to it , it was treble that amount . This he thought was a severe injustice . The disturbances of the White-boys were solely owing to the grievances of the tithe system in those counties , where arbitrary modes of exaction existed ; while in others , where they did not exist , no disturbance had taken place . He did not wish to connect this inquiry with the question of religion , as he was convinced the catholics paid the tithes more freely and more willingly than the protestants . The former abstain from resistance , from motives of delicacy , and no political disaffection mingled itself with their conduct ; the utmost they demanded , in any instance , was , that they might be allowed to deal immediately with the clergyman for the tithes . If the matter of tithes was to become the subject of future discussion , it was surely proper that the house should be prepared for it . In the views he had in regard to a commutation of tithes , he thought nothing but a complete commutation would ever tranquillize Ireland . It would put the established church on a happier footing , and would afford greater encouragement to agriculture . It was quite paradoxical that pasture land should be exempted from any pre- 796 mium to the church . Indeed all the great landed proprietors , although more interested in the church establishment , were exempted from the payment of tithes , a circumstance which was most discouraging to agriculture , and an evil which could only be remedied by a commutation of tithes , by which every individual should pay his portion to the clergyman . Under these circumstances he should vote for the motion for inquiry . , in explanation , said , he never meant to convey any other opinion , than that this was a subject highly worthy of the consideration of parliament . He thought , however , that the inquiry proposed at the present time was altogether unnecessary . said , it would be highly satisfactory to know at what period government would think fit to make any inquiry , or adopt any measure upon this subject . Last session the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , he had even gone the length of preparing a bill to remedy these evils ; but this session he said it was so full of difficulties , that he had neither bill to propose , nor any measure to adopt . When his hon .