labours ; but he never did conceive them entitled to deduct any percentage for their own remuneration from the money passing through their hands , nor that they were entitled to poundage as prize agents . When the immense increase of business in the department of the Treasury since 1793 , was considered , and the inadequacy of the number of persons allotted to transact that business , it was morally impossible that some things should not escape attention . He could appeal to the noble lord opposite him ( lord H. Petty ) for the truth of this observation ; and the cause he could fairly assert existed in the backwardness of those at the head of affairs to increase the number of officers , and thereby add to the public expence , by which they would also expose themselves to the imputation of extending patronage . Notwithstanding the addition of an Assistant Secretary , and the indefatigable labours of himself and his colleagues , it was impossible to prevent the business from going into arrears . Under such circumstances , then , it was not surprizing if some omissions occasionally occurred . explained , that although the Commissioners were not absolutely required by the act under which they were appointed , to put the money in their hands out at interest for the public advantage , yet they had put it out for their own emolument , and had put thereby a sum of 44,000l . into their own pockets . thought it impossible that 319 the negligence of government for fourteen years could be passed over in the way proposed . But , if so , what should be said of the conduct of the Commissioners , who had been guilty of concealment and of making false statements , for the purpose of fraudulent advantage to themselves ? Was it to be endured that at the worst they should only be called on to refund ? It was not intended to charge ministers with any crime ; but when inquiry was proposed into abuses , it would be very injurious in every sense to pass it by . Besides , the blame imputed was not to the government , but to the Dutch Commissioners . Did the right hon . gent . then invite them to pass over this , and by so doing , encourage other defaulters to persevere in their pursuits , with the hope of impunity ; and this in a case where it was acknowledged that the Commissioners had helped themselves to a sum of no less than 25,000l . without any authority whatsoever ? Was this the way in which the public was to be served ? Would their constituents think they did their duty , if they shut their eyes against conduct such as was here developed ? The Resolutions to his mind were mild , and only called on the house to do what imperious duty desired . It was said that one of the gentlemen ( Mr. John Bowles ) had published 32 pamphlets . He had seen one of them , and as the title was tempting he had looked into it . It was termed `` A Moral `` View of Society at the end of the 18th `` Century ; '' and he should have been happy if at any time he could have presumed to possess that pure morality it professed to inculcate . Some of the passages be found peculiarly applicable to the present case . In one paragraph the writer observes , `` Conscience has now not only `` lost its power to restrain men from `` crimes themselves , but even to excite `` indignation in others ; and crimes not `` formerly tolerated , now find advocates `` in persons laying claim to religious and `` virtuous characters . '' Odious as hypocrisy was , the right hon . gent . could not but regard this as a tribute to his conscience . There was another passage , almost written one would suppose for the Commissioners : `` A more convincing `` proof can hardly be conceived of the `` disregard