that no judgment should be come to upon the subject , but that the house should pass to the other orders of the day . He was sincerely disposed to take the mildest course that the nature of the case would admit of . The right hon . gent . had said that the Resolutions of the noble lord would go to inflict as heavy a punishment as could be imposed , if the offence had been committed with the most criminal intention . But might not the noble lord have proposed to follow up his Resolutions with a motion for the expulsion of the noble lord , or for an address to his majesty for his removal from his presence and councils for ever ? The question was then , whether with the fact so fully admitted , that house could , consistently with its duty , pass the matter wholly by ? In his opinion that was impossible . In proposing to dispose of the Writership in the manner stated in the evidence , the noble lord had not been simply guilty of an abuse of his patronage as a servant of the crown ; he had been guilty of a violation of the East India act to a peculiar degree , by doing that , which it was the object of that act to prevent , in applying India patronage for purposes of parliamentary influence . His conduct was not only an offence , but a perversion of the duties of an office created to prevent such perversion . It had been said , that the first Resolution was false in sense , and the second false in sense and in fact ; but if the whole of that were to be admitted , what argument would it afford for passing to the orders 242 of the day ? It would be rather an argument for the amendment of the wording of the Resolutions.—He had been engaged in a long course of political hostility to the noble lord , and more particularly relating to the measure of the Union ; but he trusted that on this occasion he had repressed every hostile feeling , and was only actuated by a sense of what he thought due to the character and purity of the house of commons . He meant not to allude to any clamour which might be excited among the people ; popular clamour ought never to be mentioned when the character and honour of an individual were at stake ; but nevertheless the house were bound to give their verdict upon their honour ; and he felt himself justified in saying that the noble lord had been guilty of a parliamentary offence , which in its effects and example could not fail to prove highly pernicious , in as much as the character of parliament , both now and at all times , must depend upon the purity and independence of its members . as Chairman of the Committee , felt it necessary for him to say a few words upon the question , in consequence of some allusions which had been made to the conduct of the Committee . The noble lord who brought forward this subject , had , towards the close of his speech , made an observation expressive of surprise that the Committee had not mentioned this case in their Report , nor accompanied the Evidence upon it and other Cases with any remarks ; and appeared to think that the question ought to have been taken up by the Chairman , or some other member of the Committee , rather than be left to the house at large to take up . But in his wish to promote his own object , the noble lord forgot what the Committee had been appointed to do , and the instructions under which that Committee acted . This case was not within the purview of the Committee , which was confined to the Abuses of East India patronage as connected with the conduct of the Directors : and to effect that object , he as chairman of the Committee was obliged to come