of our national prosperity . although he agreed with many of the remarks of the noble lord , and particularly with that which stated that the particular circumstances were to be considered in the granting of subsidies to continental powers , had yet a few observations to make on what fell from him in the early part of his speech . As to the policy of subsidising foreign powers it was impossible to lay down any general rule on this subject . In any assistance that we might deem it adviseable to afford foreign powers , the propriety as well as the extent of that assistance must depend on the value of the effort to be made , and the particular circumstances of the country at the time it was solicited . With respect to the Treaty with Sweden , which the noble lord had seized on as the ground for his arguments , he had to state , that it was owing to no instigation of this country , that she had undertaken a war far above her strength , and which had been so disastrous in its consequences . If this country had never , for many years , inculcated such a line of conduct , so it was particularly true in the late struggle , when it was perfectly understood by Sweden , not only that we had no wish for her continuing the war , but that her making a separate peace , advantageous to herself , if it did not oblige her to become hostile to Great Britain , would be acceptable to this country . But while they did not instigate war , the government of this country were not prepared to push their opinion to the extent of denying the means of supporting the other alternative , if Sweden made that election . The noble lord had not been in the house when he laid the Treaty before them , or that part of his speech respecting the Subsidy would have been spared . With respect to the other powers , the noble lord had misunderstood his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The same abstinence he had noticed in our transactions with Sweden , had been pre-eminently attended to in our communications with Austria . Government had stated that Austria ( as every nation was ) was the best judge of her own interests ; that there was no disposition on the part of Great Britain , for the sake of any combination against the common enemy , or for any temporary diversion in the cause of Spain , to have 541 Austria committed in a premature struggle . However much they might wish to see the enemy opposed , they could never desire to see Austria engaged in war on any but Austrian grounds . This was the uniform tenor of all their communications with that power . But they went no further ; they stated , at the same time , that if she was committed in war with France for her own defence , it was their disposition to afford her all the limited assistance which the state of the times put in their power . The war , therefore , in which she had voluntarily engaged , was strictly upon Austrian grounds . It was not connected or combined with any British object or interest . The communications with the Austrian government were few and precarious , and in none of these communications was any specific promise of assistance held out to her . It was , indeed , stated to her , that if she was likely to be engaged in an inevitable contest , there would be a disposition to assist her ; but that that disposition would be greatly limited by the circumstances of the times . Indeed , the assurance in this respect was so restricted , that he had his doubts whether it would not operate rather as a check than an encouragement . There were also physical obstacles in the way of making remittances , which should convince that power that she was not to place much