year . There was another subject , which he considered as in some degree connected with this , and standing in need of regulation ; he meant the present mode of assessing the Land Tax in Ireland ; but as he knew that this had very much occupied the attention of a right hon . friend of his ( sir J. Newport , ) who , he believed , had it in contemplation to propose a new survey , for the purpose of remedying the evil , he did not know but it would be better left in his hands rather than incorporate it in the present bill . He concluded with moving for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Grand Jury laws in Ireland . observed , that as it was not intended to press any measure during the present session , he should , without pledging himself to agree to any thing specific , not oppose the bringing in the bill . declared , that he had it in contemplation to propose some new regulations , relating to the mode of assessing the Land Tax in Ireland . By the present system , the tax was assessed by plough lands , some of which might be only of three or four hundred acres , while others contained as many as thirteen acres , so that it followed that some paid as much as two shillings an acre , where others did not pay more than as many pence . It was therefore certainly desirable to ascertain the number of acres that should be 670 taxed , in order to an equality of burden ; and he intended to propose some measure for this purpose in the course of the next session . expressed himself adverse from any measure of this kind , which he considered as an innovation upon those who had purchased lands , subjected only to the present rate , and as such entitled to call for compensation . coincided in opinion with the right hon . gent . opposite him , as to the necessity of some regulation in the mode of levying the tax , which was at present grounded upon what was called the Down Survey ; since which there were ten acres for one in cultivation , and which , by the present system , were exempted from the tax.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . rose to bring forward the motion of which he had given notice , previous to the holidays . He was , he said , perfectly sensible that it could never be the wish or intention of that house to attempt any wilful or unnecessary interference , in the interior management or regulation of the army of this country ; that had by the constitution been placed in other hands ; and he well knew the house would not interfere in it , but in extraordinary cases , where certain rules laid down for its most essential and vital interests were rashly or premeditately broken through . When the duke of York was made the Commander in Chief , certain Regulations were issued by his majesty , by which it was settled that no officer should be made a field-officer till he had served six years , nor a lieutenant-colonel till two years after he was made a major . The present Commander in Chief had made that regulation stricter than it was before , by extending the term to nine years . In defiance of those regulations , lord Burghersh had , on the 4th of May instant , been appointed to a majority , and in a few days afterwards made a lieutenant colonel , by which he had been put over the heads of many officers who were senior to him , and particularly the oldest captain in the regiment to which his lordship belonged , and who was five years and a half an older officer than lord Burghersh ; and by his recent advancement his lordship passed over the heads of 600 officers , many of whom were in the army before lord Burghersh was born .