. The second , the impossibility of the lower orders to protect themselves against the illegal exactions of the proctors or farmers , in consequence of their poverty disabling them from procuring legal redress in a court of law against such illegal exactions.—And it is also in consequence of this state of things , that the people of Ireland , in respect to tithes , are in a condition 631 quite different from that of the people of England in respect of their tithes . No man in England is liable to be called upon to pay them who is not to a certain degree a person of property ; if he is not , the improved condition of society in this country would deter a proctor from treating him cruelly , and even if he was so treated , he would easily find means of obtaining redress—in fact he would obtain it by compelling the clergyman to draw his tithe . But in Ireland this privilege of obliging the clergyman to draw his tithe is virtually taken away from the parishioner ; for though he may have the right to do so by law , he is made liable by a modern law to an action for conspiring against the clergyman , if there should be the least appearance among the parishioners of any attempt to annoy the clergyman by calling upon him to take his tithe in kind ; and so completely has this law taken away this remedy from the parishioner , that the practice of taking tithe in kind is now seldom heard of . The usual mode of proceeding is this ; the proctor , with an assistant , views the crops in July , and again before or after they are saved . He notes the crop and value in his field-book . He generally estimates by the acre , but sometimes by the barrel ; he usually at the second view makes a bargain for the tithe with the occupier on the spot ; reducing the charge to a certain degree , and the farmer passes his note for it . If no bargain is made the proctor makes a return to the clergyman agreeable to the field-book . The payments are generally tardy , the tithe is not paid frequently for near a year and a half . Debtors for 40s . are summoned before two magistrates , who hear the proctor 's proofs , and give a decree accordingly . Debtors above that sum and under 10l . are processed before the Quarter sessions . For sums above 10l . citations are served to appear before the Bishop 's Court . If the proctor chooses to oppress a poor man , he may cite for a few shillings . There are no acts of the proctor deemed illegal in the ecclesiastical courts . He is the favoured person who replenishes their coffers . The only remedy which landholders have against any new and extraordinary demands of the clergy or tithe-farmers is faction and intimidation , and slight : and as the land-holder has no legal remedy against exactions of the proctors and by the farmers , the mass of the people are positive slaves to them , 632 they have it in their power always to ruin a poor man , first by giving him long credit and then by suing him for interest , costs and tithes in the Bishop 's Court . The consequence is , that the proctor , and the proctor 's family and friends rule with despotic sway in the parish . In corroboration of this statement , I will read , Sir , a short extract from the speech of Mr. Lid-well , at the Meeting of the County of Tipperary . `` The power of the proctor over their little properties is nearly despotic . Do you find any fault ( he says to the parishioner ) with my valuation of your crops ; you shall smart for it , if you do—I will have you instantly served with a citation or process ; I will harms you by litigation ; I will ruin