a foolish saying addressed to the people , who are styled by the learned gentleman the mob . But he had seen quoted the expression of an individual suffering a punishment as a precedent on a legal opinion . He had only quoted it as an illustration of what was the general feeling at that time , for it was scarcely in human nature that Bastwick should have used the expressions he did , had they been founded in falsehood , since his hearers must have very well known whether the practice was a new one or an old custom . Bastwick , in the spirit of those times , while he complained of the practice of sending persons to distant jails , attributed the origin of the practice to the Jesuits . As to the opinion of lord Clarendon , it should be recollected , that the fourth article of impeachment against that nobleman , stated this as one of his offences ; and his lordship , long afterwards , in noticing this circumstance , states , that he thought it a hard case for him to be charged and tried for an offence which he had only been guilty of , in common with others of the privy council . This was that noble lord 's excuse . Reverting to the case of the abolition of the Star Chamber , which was said by the learned gentlemen to have been occasioned by an objection to their proceedings , and not to their sentences , he shewed by a quotation from the parliamentary resolution , that the sentences , as well as the proceedings , formed the grounds of the abolition of that oppressive court . The authority he had quoted from lord Camden had been sneered at , the memory of that learned and venerable lord depreciated , and the hallowed precincts of the tomb violated by viperous slander . It was asked , What ! would lord Camden have spoken of the decisions 604 of the court of King 's Bench , as he did of the usage of the Secretary of State 's office ? No ! but the house of lords were then in the same situation relative to that court , as lord Camden , when a judge , was to the Secretary of State 's office ! With respect to the Hindon election , he stated a question that arose , respecting the payment of the expences , which the sheriff refused , and the court of King 's Bench could not compel him to make them good . He wished the learned gentlemen to look into the general principles of our laws more accurately , they would see reasons for his view of the nature of county jails , and the authority of courts . These jails were the county jails ; they were built , repaired , and maintained at their own expence . They were obliged to keep the prisoners , they were liable to fines for offences committed within their county limits , which it was presumed they ought to have prevented . All the jails were the king jails , it was perfectly true , and so were all the courts of justice , but yet this was so , for the purposes of public benefit and public protection , and was limited by a variety of restrictions , conditions , and limitations . All the high roads , in the same way , were the king 's roads , ( though much of these might be private property ; ) but they were the king 's , for the convenience and protection of his subjects in passing from place to place . The cases of imprisonment or execution in the city of London , pursuant to sentences passed in Westminster , presented no difficulty , since in fact the sheriffs of London were sheriffs of Middlesex , and the prison of Newgate was the prison of both . The learned gentleman went through a wide field of argument and illustration in support of the principles which he had asserted . He shewed the hardships of the practice