's present government . A noble lord ( Folkestone ) had talked of pensioners being bound by gratitude . The gratitude , however , of those gentlemen for the remuneration they received for their services , did not certainly appear to be any gratitude to the crown . The right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had spoken of his pension being conferred by an act of parliament , and not by the crown . The right hon . gent . might , therefore , well conceive that it was to the parliament , and not to the crown that his gratitude was due . If there lurked in the mind of any gentleman the idea of parliamentary pensions being granted as the reward of public services , he , for his part , would much rather forego all claim to remuneration . He did not know any course that would lead to a more lavish and preposterous expenditure . He felt satisfied that the influence of the crown over that house was gradually , but constantly diminishing . He wondered that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) who himself held a conspicuous situation in the Local Militia , should consider appointments of that sort likely to influence the votes of members . He was surprized to hear that gentleman , in the language and tone of manly independence , complain that such appointments as he himself held , made men dependent on the crown . There was an old philosopher , who said he would not argue with a man who had 50 legions , and 951 for the same reason it did not become him to argue about the influence of an appointment in the Militia with a Militia Colonel ( A laugh ) . But if this establishment of Local Militia were so very bad , and if it introduced 300 sycophants and dependants on the crown , he would ask , was that great evil to be redressed by driving two Lords of the Admiralty out of that house ? ( A laugh ) . The number which the hon . gent . proposed to turn from the house was so very small , that it could not sensibly affect the votes of the house ; but the absence of those members might deprive them of a great deal of useful information . He therefore could not by any means concur in a proposition which would appear like an acknowledgment on the part of the house , that there were too many placemen among them . If the hon . gent . chose to argue that point next session , he might do so without being at all prejudiced by the decision of the present night . expressed the particular disadvantage under which he rose to reply to the commander of so many legions , as he presumed the right hon . gent . who last addressed them was . For his own pan , he admitted , that his knowledge of the constitution was principally derived from the Statute Book . He was of opinion that the commons house of parliament ought to be a full and fair representation of the people ; and so thinking , he could not but consider that argument as most extraordinary , which defended the defects in the representation of the people , upon the ground that there were at present in that house many persons who , under a reformed system , would not be returned . What was this , but to assert that there were representatives of the people as the house was now constituted , who had not only a separate , but a contrary interest to that of the people ? Amongst the many evils which the defective state of the national representation engendered , there were none more grievous than the obligation under which the house frequently was placed to resort to palliatives for the purpose of staying the evil ; an evil which admitted of no palliative . It had been stated by a right hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ,