to sell at their own prices ; the other was , to raise the limits of the discount : the latter method was in his opinion preferable , for though the consequence he had no doubt would be the raising the price of newspapers one half-penny each , still this would not place the proprietors in as prosperous a situation , owing to their additional expences , as they were in , in the year 1797 , when the agreement was first made . In the year 1801 , an additional duty had been laid on paper , and of course an additional discount was allowed ; but the duty having been repealed , the additional discount was also taken off . He then moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill in order to amend the 37th of George 3 , relating to the restrictions on Newspapers . '' was surprised at the motion which had been made . He had rather expected that the discount would be taken off entirely , and that the price should remain as it at present was . Various circumstances concurred to shew , that newspaper proprietors considered they had a good trade of it . For instance , a paper had been lately set up , which thought proper to extend itself from four ( the usual number of columns , ) to five columns . It was , in his opinion , impossible that the size of the articles should be increased , unless the value of it rose in proportion . He did not see , then , if this was the case , why this additional encouragement should be given . said , that he for his part would be glad to take off the discount altogether , and leave the restriction in price to the fair efforts of competition . He was sure , however , that the immediate effect of that would be , the increase of the price to sevenpence . With respect to the objection of one paper having increased the number of its columns to five , the reason of that he supposed was , that its proprietors thought they should profit by the additional number of advertisements , in which the chief value of a newspaper consisted . This was the exact case , he believed , with this individual paper , which had been established by a body of auctioneers , who looked chiefly to advertisements . The great evidence of the burthen of the restriction was , that the aggregate number of daily papers was not increased since 1797 . This was a fact which he had ascertained from the commissioners 268 of stamps . It was very true , that a number of additional denominations of papers had been lately established , but still the risk attending such establishment was not less than that of a lottery , and had been often followed by ruin to the adventurers . , said , it was very true that an additional number of papers were continually appearing ; but these papers were not diurnal prints , which incurred necessarily a very heavy expense in their establishments , but weekly and two days a week papers , which could glean their intelligence from the daily papers , without having to pay the sources from whence it was derived ; of course , the circumstance of their appearance ought not to militate against the daily paper , which gave to them much of its advantages , while it could not extend any of its expences . The paper which had extended its columns to five was a daily paper , it was true ; but then , in order to support itself , it was compelled to publish at an early hour , which early publication necessarily prevented it from participation in the sources of information from which other papers derive much of their interest ; for instance , it was not able fully to give intelligence of what was passing in that house . He supported the present measure from an absolute conviction of its justice and its policy