increased and is increasing . The next question was , whe- 937 ther that being the case , it ought not to be diminished ? It was his decided and conscientious opinion that it ought , and that it must be reduced , if parliament were disposed to do its duty . As an instance of the alarming increase of the influence of the crown , he might refer to an act which passed within the last two years , the act for the establishment of the Local Militia . He begged gentlemen to consider what a mass of influence was creased by the establishment of that large force , extending too throughout every part of the kingdom ; he wished them only to contemplate the means which this single establish merit afforded for attaching persons of every description to the government , as would be obvious from the number of commissions signed and published in every gazette.— [ Signed by the lieutenants , whispered across the table . ] —Yes , signed by the lords lieutenants ; but the persons were to be approved of by the government , and , consequently , indebted to the government for their commissions . Besides , the number of applications to the Secretary of State 's office , and the sums of money indispensably issued for the support of this force , necessarily and unquestionably increased the influence of the crown over members of that house , through their constituents.—There were numerous other instances which he could state , but as there was another important subject to come on , he should not think it justifiable in him to occupy too much of the attention of the house , in as much as the principal question would not be discussed till next session . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had , on a former night , taunted him with being a theorist , a disciple of speculation , whilst he claimed for himself to have the practice all on his side . So far however , from being supported only by theory , he would contend , that he had the uniform practice of parliament and the sound principles of the constitution on his side . During the whole of the last century , measures had been adopted from time to time , for the gradual improvement of the constitution of that house , by the removal from its body of persons dependent upon the crown . Of this description were the various Acts for the exclusion of disqualified persons from seats in that house , and for the disfranchisement of voters who might have rendered themselves unworthy of the elective franchise by the corrupt abuse of that valuable privilege . Every such measure was more calculated to pu- 938 rify parliament than to curtail the influence of the crown . He did not rest therefore upon theory ; his Resolution was founded upon the original practice of that house , and was but an extension of the principle which had been uniformly acted upon since the Revolution . Having proved his Resolution to be conformable to the uniform practice of parliament , he should then contend that the present was a proper time for acting upon it , by diminishing the number of Placemen and Pensioners , and others influenced by the government , having seats in that house . He was bound , however , to add , that that part or the Act of Settlement which was to exclude all public officers and placemen from seats in that house after a certain time , was a mere theory that never had been acted upon , for it ceased to be a theory , even before it could have became a law . The principles laid down in that part of the Act of Settlement would , if acted upon , prove most mischievous in practice , and highly detrimental to the public service . But there was an opposite mischief , which it was equally the duty of that house to guard against ; they might have too many such persons in parliament ; a