this motion , or any other of a similar nature , which promised to give food and fuel to that popular ferment , which it should be the object of the house to allay . complained that the right hon . gentleman 's speech was a tissue of misrepresentations of what he had said . He had never said the house of commons decided from corrupt motives , but persons out of doors said so , and not that he agreed in opinion with them . said , his principal reason for supporting Parliamentary Reform upon old constitutional principles was , as he had stated at a late popular meeting , in order to set ministers free from those discussions , which occupied too much of their time , and rendered them unable to attend to the important business of their several departments , the neglect of which 518 he had too often witnessed on foreign stations . If the people were fairly represented in that house , his opinion was , that there would be less of captious opposition or tedious controversy ; corruption would be set aside ; opposition would have no abuses to point out ; and ministers , being disengaged from this task of defending such things , would be able to devote their minds more profitably for the state , to the objects he had before alluded to . said he could remember no debate in which so many speeches had been thrown away . Ministers being accused of having procured the election of an individual by improper influence , and of dismissing or causing that individual to vacate his seat , because he refused to vote contrary to the dictates of his conscience ; the question was whether or not an inquiry should be made into the circumstances , and in answer to it they had been about five hours debating on the proceeding that had taken place out of that house at public meetings , and discussing the propriety of attempting a Parliamentary Reform . Such a change as they proposed endeavouring to effect , he thought no trifling question . It would be a change most awful , most tremendous in the present state of the world , he should therefore be silent on that subject till some measure was proposed to that effect which he felt called upon by his duty to support . It was impossible for him to vote that the whole should be passed over without farther notice . He did not know that the facts stated were correct , but he did know that the individual whose name had been mentioned was a member of that house , and that he did vacate his seat about the time stated : whether or not it was in consequence of an intimation to that effect from the Treasury , he could not take upon himself to state . Therefore , when an hon . member brought such a subject forward , and stated it to be in his power to prove the truth of such allegations , he certainly could not oppose the inquiry.—With respect to the mode of procuring Seats in that house , it certainly was highly improper ; but knowing how long such practices had been carried on , knowing how many had sat there in every parliament since the Revolution through similar influence , he could not think it would be acting like a man of honour were he to take advantage of a political adversary under such circumstances . There existed no man on the face of the earth who had so 519 strong a claim on his resentment as one of the accused . His conduct towards Ireland he could not remember but with indignation . It was owing to him in a great measure that the parliament of Ireland was put down—put down by practices which he would not name—and he could not but feel a more than ordinary decree of hostility towards that individual when he reflected on that circumstance . He felt therefore the necessity of being on his guard , lest he should carry his resentment to an unjustifiable