at its pleasure . For his part , he was convinced this fund was public property , and ought not to have been used as it had been . It was excepted by name out of the royal revenue by the first act of queen Anne , and again by the acts on the accession of George the first and second ; and on the accession of his present majesty it was not specified amongst the small hereditary revenues then given up , for a very good reason , because it had long been alienated from the crown . Through the whole of the last century to the few remaining years of it , this fund had been considered as public property . Lord Grenville , as chairman of a committee of that house , returned it amongst the public revenue of the country in 1786 . Lord Harrowby ( then Mr. Ryder ) , did the same in 1791 . It was in 1797 that the Finance Committee , for the first time , raised a doubt , about it ; and from that time Mr. Pitt 's government , which till then had treated this fund as public property , immediately cut and carved it up in pensions to an enormous amount , amongst Mr. Pitt 's private and political connections , 431 men , women and children . Never fund was so abused , and in no case more strikingly than in that of Mr. Long ; the Civil List act of Mr. Burke had enacted , that no person other than a prince of the blood , or upon a recommendation of either house of parliament , should have a pension exceeding 1,200l . per annum , and yet Mr. Long , a subordinate officer of the government , had been helped to a pension of 1,500l . per annum , at the same time that he held an office of 2,000l . per annum , and had a house likewise furnished him by the state ; all these things respecting the four and a half per cent . duties , and the particular pensions upon them , Mr. Creevey said he should bring forward before the session closed . On the subject of patent places , he could not see why those two which had belonged to lords Bute and Sondes should have been abolished , and those which were held by the marquis of Buckingham , lords Grenville and Arden , were suffered to continue . was sorry that any thing should have occurred to induce gentlemen on the other side of the house to suppose that there was no necessity for carrying these Resolutions into effect during the present session . If one million could be saved on the whole expenditure of the country he should esteem it nothing ; but if 100,000l . could be saved in any one department of the expenditure , that he should think a great deal . If services were to be rewarded , he thought sinecures the very worst mode of rewarding them . He wished , therefore that sinecures should be done away , and that public services should be rewarded in a manner not liable to be misunderstood . He hoped the house would not degenerate into listlessness and inattention on such a subject , but would carry their ideas into effect during the present session of parliament . said he had never till lately understood that sums voted by parliament were for any other than public services . All others he conceived misapplications of the public money . The 95,000l . under Mr. Burke 's act he esteemed sacred , but all beyond that sum he conceived to be illegal ; and , in the committee , he should move that all such excess should be expunged and disallowed , as an imposition on the public . A noble lord had said it would be no relief to the people . This he denied ; it would be Mexico and Peru to them . He thought that it would be much better that every 432 separate care of public service should come distinctly