toad under a harrow— '' Hand ignara malis , `` miseris succurere disco . '' That Act , which has been so highly extolled , was itself called a reform ; —as all the acts aggravating the mischief , which have been substituted for the Constitution , are called in this House . Under the operation of that Act , I have suffered a greater pecuniary penalty , than any which the law would have inflicted for any crime I could have committed ; this remedy is a luxury , a man must be very rich , indeed , to indulge himself in . I could not afford it a second time , and preferred abandoning my seat after having been returned , to undergoing another operation of the Grenville Act . One great object I have in view is to relieve other Gentlemen from the like benefits , by preventing the necessity of having recourse to such remedies in future—by getting rid of all disputes , and contested elections : this good consequence will result from the adoption of this Plan , besides preventing endless litigation , ruinous expense , perjury , ill blood , and periodical uproar and confusion , this house will be saved one-third of its time in Election Committees ; and the Statute Book will be relieved from the shameful burden of one hundred and thirteen confused and intricate laws , all pitiful substitutes for the Constitution . There may be some Gentlemen who think we should not get a better assembly within this house by this or any other Plan of Reform.—Even supposing , but by no means admitting , such should unaccount- 1055 ably be the case , the positive evils we should get rid of are sufficient recommendations to its adoption . It must also give rise to other important results—those who complain of popular clamour—of persons allying themselves with the people against the sentiments and decisions of this House , would cease to have any room for complaint . In the event of such a Reform no such clamour could exist , no such alliance could be formed ; for then the sense of the people would be truly and fairly collected within these walls . The benefits that would immediately follow the adoption of this Reform are incalculable . Though I am not one of those who would apply a sponge to the Debt of the Nation , yet am I firmly persuaded , that a Reformed House of Commons would introduce such a system of economy , both in the collection and expenditure of the Public Revenue , as would give instant ease to the subject , and finally , and that at no very distant period , by a due application of national resources to national objects , and to them alone , free the people from that enormous load of debt and consequent taxation , under which the nation is weighed down . Three descriptions of persons , I will admit , would have great cause to complain of this Reform : The Borough-mongers—the Lawyers—and the King 's Printer . The whole of the question then is , Which is to be preferred , The interest of the whole Empire , or the interest of the Borough-mongers—the Lawyers—and the King 's Printer ? At all events , I hope this consequence will follow , that after this night it will not be asserted nor insinuated , that I have any concealed purpose , that I shrink from speaking my sentiments frankly , that I decline to act an open part , or that I have any designs beyond those I avow : notwithstanding what I have urged , I beg leave to repeat , that I am open to conviction ; that I am still ready to listen to all fair reasoning on the subject ; that I have nothing to bias my mind ; nor any other view than the public good . It will , at the same time , be naturally understood , that having devoted so much of my time and reflection to this subject of vital importance , my opinions can not