must go among the ranks of his political enemies , to consider who had been so decidedly hostile to him either in private life or in public , that he might venture to give him a place without suspicion of looking for a vote . We should soon see it in the papers that on such a day a gentleman went over to the other side of the house , and made a furious attack upon ministers , for the purpose of qualifying himself to hold a high situation . Suppose , for the sake of argument , his hon . friend , the member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , should be asked to recommend any voter to a vacant place , say that of receiver general , why his catechism must be this : — '' Did you vote or 982 procure any vote for me at the election , or did any person in affinity with you , or any person connected with you , vote for me '' ? and if the voter answered in the affirmative , why his hon . friend must in prudence say— '' Then I can not recommend you , Sir , for there is a case in which the suspicion of an implied contract might arise , which , under the provision of Mr. Curwen 's Bill , may expose me to the loss of my scat . '' [ Hear ! hear ! ] This would be the aukward situation to which members would be reduced . It was impossible that any minister could be personally acquainted with all the men that it was necessary for him to place in offices . He could only take the recommendation of his friends , and of those gentlemen , who , from their local situation , were acquainted with the persons , or their fitness for the offices to which they recommended them . If local influence was to be altogether abolished , it would be necessary in every office as well as in the Excise , to transplant men from Lancaster to Cornwall , or the most distant parts of the kingdom , in order that they might have no local attachments , nor the power of obliging any one by a vote . He hoped that notwithstanding the paternal feeling which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen ) might be naturally expected to entertain for his bill , he would not altogether abandon it on account of this alteration . said , that if the object of the right hon . gent. , was merely to entertain the house , and display his great command of the English language , he certainly had accomplished that , object , as he had amused the house , and shewn his power of words ; but if he expected to convince any single member of that house that the word `` express '' ought to be suffered to remain in the clause , he had completely failed . He had concluded by saying , he hoped the hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen , ) would have too strong a parental feeling for his bill , to abandon it in consequence of this alteration . Although the original bill might be called the child of the mover , yet if that child had been changed , and another put in its place of very different features and complexion , he did not see that any parental feeling called upon him to adopt what was not so much his own child , as the child of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He thought light and darkness were not more opposite than the principle of the original bill , and the clause which 983 was now proposed to be amended . As to the history of the bill , he must beg leave to set the right hon . the Secretary right . It did not originate from a discovery that seats had sometimes been obtained for a sum of money , but it was at the time that the right hon . the Chancellor