the Act for regulating Elections ; I concur with him in the applause that he has bestowed upon those wise statutes ; but I wish the house to regulate its conduct by the conduct pursued by our ancestors on those important occasions . It was not on any speculative principles that those acts were adopted ; it was not until the evils they were meant to remedy were felt and observed , in their practical effects . Our ancestors were long aware of the consequences of excessive treating at elections ; but it was not until the year 1696 , when great and extensive evils were endured , by the competition among the great families to obtain returns to parliament , that any legislative remedy was judged necessary . In like manner , bribery may have been coeval with the importance attached to seats in this house ; but it was not until the evil was brought before the view of our ancestors , in an aggravated form , at the election for Beverley , that the present act to prevent it was adopted . So , also , the partial decisions on controverted elections had been complained of for a length of time ; but it was not until the disease assumed a more malignant character ; it was not until parliament , reviewing the repeated decisions it had pronounced , under ministerial influence , on the case of Mr. Wilkes , became ashamed of its own conduct , and applied the remedy contained in Mr. Grenville 's Act.—Since all legislative provisions are in themselves evils , by restraining natural liberty , it is not a sufficient ground to have recourse to them , that certain habits prevail which seem unbecoming and improper . We must trace them in their practical consequences ; and before the house adopts a legal remedy some practical evil should be apparent , of a plain , distinct , and unequivocal nature.—Now , Sir , whatever may be the various means by which gentlemen attain the honour of sitting in this house , where shall we find the practical 651 evils of the present constitution ? Is it in the admission of persons unworthy of so high a trust from education , from character , or from manners ; or is it in the neglect and misconduct of parliament itself ? I am aware , that parliament , out of doors , is charged with every degree of misconduct . I know , that we are said to be utterly unworthy of public trust ; but because we are calumniated abroad , let us not calumniate ourselves . Let our proceedings be carefully examined ; let our conduct be compared with the conduct of other public bodies , in other nations , intrusted with similar power , or compared with the conduct of our ancestors in the best periods of our history ; and let the country decide whether we have discharged our duty . Let us be judged with reference to what has existed in any age , or in any country . From such an ordeal we shrink not ; but let us not be tried on the theoretic principles of virtue , which have never had a practical existence , and are , in fact , inconsistent with the frailties of human nature.—To listen to what has been expressed out of doors , and what indeed has been hinted within these walls , it might be supposed that the Parliament of England resembled the Senate of Venice , legislating only for its own benefit and advantage ; but what foundation exists for this and other charges ? Have the members of this house been found to exempt themselves from the public burdens in any instance ? or , on the contrary , is it not notorious that , amidst the difficulties induced by extended taxation , whenever we are at a loss for a new tax , we have immediate recourse to that class of tax , which bears more immediately upon ourselves—to the assessed taxes ? Have we , in any instance , sought peculiar privileges for ourselves ? Is