annual profits , after a certain period , were calculated at two-hundred and ninety-nine millions . He considered it as one of the greatest bubbles that had ever been imposed on public credulity . He could compare it to nothing so well as the Ayr Bank , the loss by which was immense to the public , and had involved in difficulties , for years , most of the great landed proprietors of Scotland . The house having divided , the amendment was carried by a majority of 52 to 38 . The bill was consequently lost . objected to the nature of the punishment inflicted by the bill upon such persons as were concerned in unlicensed stills . For the first offence , corporal punishment was inflicted ; for the second , transportation . He did not approve of such severity , especially as the system now acted on was so defective as to give encouragement to the offence . He would therefore move , That the clause inflicting such punishment should be omitted . disapproved of the entire system of laws that regulated the distilleries in Ireland . He was strengthened in his opinion , not only by the Irish commissioners of inquiry , but by a trial of the 862 present system for many years . He contended , that at no period were the illitit distilleries carried on to a greater extent than the last two years , which must alone be attributed to the present regulations . Though the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) would not at present agree to a change in the system , he was happy to hear him say even so much as that next session he would meet an inquiry on the subject . He ( Mr. Bernard ) pledged himself to bring it forward at an early period , and hoped to convince the house that a change of the system would be of considerable advantage to both countries , by encouraging agriculture , and increasing the revenue . said , that he had never yet heard of corporal punishment being inflicted for a fiscal offence ; such a punishment , in such a case , was unknown to the constitution . Besides , the nature of the corporal punishment was not ascertained ; whether it was to be flogging or hanging they did not know . Great care , he admitted , should be taken of the revenue ; but not by subverting the principles of the British constitution . rose and observed , that it was his anxious wish to impress upon the committee the propriety of attending to the principles of economy in every department of the public expenditure . The necessity , indeed , of such attention must he thought be obvious to every man who took the trouble of looking into the subject , and felt any solicitude for the interests of the country . The amount of our annual expenditure , and of our national debt , was enormous , while the declining produce of our revenue was notorious . According to the papers on the table , the produce of our permanent taxes was only 30,190,178l . which , compared with the interests of our debt 31,3.50,000l . left a deficit of above one million . How then , in the event of peace was this deficit to be supplied and our establishment to be defined , without permanently pledging the war taxes ? If peace were to be concluded to-morrow , it would be impossible to make such a reduction in our establishment as to place us in any thing like the situation in which we stood before , either with regard to expence or revenue . The consequence would be , that they 863 would be compelled to have recourse to the Income and other war taxes , and reduced to the absolute necessity of making them a perpetual burthen upon the country . The continuance of the War-taxes in the event of peace , was a thing scarcely to be endured , even in idea ; and yet he really was at a loss to