, advises him to advance , and to join his troops to the Spaniards , informing him that by doing so he would prevent an irruption of the French into Spain , and save the capital . This he writes on the very day when one of the entrances to the town was seized on by the French ; Buonaparté himself was then only 17 miles from Madrid , and the next day was at the gates . He was not surprised that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) wished to conceal such letters as these , so derogatory to the character of the person by whom they were written , though on his own account he might wish to shew that there was another person who had the same lack of information , and the same ignorance as himself—There was , however , another reason which might induce the right hon . gent . to wish to conceal the letters . He might be averse from having it known that there was another person who possessed the qualification of writing in the same tone with himself ; and he might be afraid to shew how nearly the pupil had approached to the perfection of the master . Sir John Moore , however , disregarded the rhapsody of Mr. Frere , and wisely commenced his retreat , in consequence of the information he had received 451 from the marquis Romana . Two officers had also arrived from the Junta , requesting of him to advance and take possession of Somosierra , not knowing till he informed them that it was already in possession of the enemy . Morla , too , wrote , requesting of him to advance towards Madrid , the Spaniards being resolved to fight to the last extremity in defending the city ; and yet that very day he was capitulating with Buonaparté at the gates of Madrid . So it was plain that this person , who had sold his country to Buonaparté , wanted to entrap sir John Moore and the British army into his hands . But this was only an attempt by a traiterous member of the government of Spain . It remained for Mr. Frere to assist in a similar design . He sends a third time by a messenger , M. Charmilly , declaring it to be the resolution of the Spaniards to perish under the ruins of the capital ; and also sends an angry letter to sir John Moore , dated Dec. 3 , pressing him to advance . He had heard suspicions expressed on the subject , not having investigated the matter accurately , however , himself , he should not assert it of his own authority , but it seemed extremely likely , from every part of the transaction in which he was concerned , that Charmilly was , if not a spy , a dupe , and that he had involved Mr. Frere in his dupery . If he was so , he had pretty high authority in the same line . If he was a dupe , he was the dupe of Morla , and Mr. Frere the dupe of Charmilly . Was it to be believed , that Mr. Frere would , if Charmilly had not been recommended to him by ministers , have entrusted to him , a stranger and a Frenchman , so important a mission ? If he was recommended by ministers , the blame must fall on them , if not , on Mr. Frere . Mr. Frere had even presumed to appeal to the army , and to Charmilly against the decision of sir John Moore . He presumed to interfere in that which was not entrusted to him , and to press on sir John Moore his advice . His language was most unbecoming and indecent . His lordship did not suppose he meant to betray his country , but it was to be lamented , that the enemy should find that even British honesty was now no longer proof against the arts of the enemy , and that the incapacity of such a