which breathed so much despondency as to the cause of Spain and Portugal ; he trusted he could perceive grounds for entertaining better hopes . The noble Secretary had mentioned the former grant of 80,000l . and he should wish to enquire if that sum had been granted by lord Strangford ? He also wished to be informed as to the nature of the convention mentioned in his majesty 's Message . said , that at the time of the Portuguese emigration an advance of money had been made by lord Strangford , and the convention alluded to was one which had been agreed upon in this country , between his majesty 's Secretary and the ambassador of his royal highness . observed , there would not be great occasion for his entering into a detail of the principle and provisions of the bill upon the table . The principle was the same with that of other acts of parliament which had passed for augmenting the militia . On account of the late volunteering of the militia into a more regular and disposable force , the regiments had been considerably diminished in their numbers , and it became necessary that those vacancies should be speedily supplied . In the regular course , this deficiency would have been supplied by ballot in the different counties ; but as that mode in the present times might be considered rather hard upon that class , on whom the ballot would immediately fall , it had been thought advisable , by the present bill , to 436 enable each regiment of militia to supply their deficiencies by enlistment for a limited time ; and after that period , if it should turn out that this mode had not been successful , it would then be necessary to recur to the old and regular method of ballot . This provision would be attended with considerable advantage to those who would have been liable under the former militia acts , and would cast the burthen and expence more equally upon the public . The noble earl , after shortly explaining the nature of the bill , expressed himself as having no apprehension of its meeting with any objection from their lordships . said , he so far approved of the bill , as containing a provision , that in completing the deficiencies of the militia establishment , the burthen and expence were to be removed from the counties , and laid upon the public . But he expressed considerable regret , that the principle of the militia had in modern times been so much departed from , and that the militia regiments should have been made a recruiting , or perhaps , if he might use the expression , a crimping fund for the supply of the regular army . He did not particularly direct his observations to the bill before them , but it was with regret he saw the militia more and more altered from those principles upon which that force was first established . defended the measures which had been resorted to in regard to the militia establishment of the country . He was induced to express his sentiments upon the present occasion , because he conceived himself in justice bound to do so in opposition to the arguments urged from such a respectable authority as that of the noble earl who spoke . He considered the expression used by that noble earl as too severe and degrading ; for whatever might be justly felt by those who took a pride in the discipline of their own regiments , they could have but one ultimate desire , that of forming them to be the most useful for their country . If , therefore , they rendered them fit for immediate service , and for entering a more regular and disposable force , their exertions ought to be more satisfactory to themselves , when these men volunteered into the regular army . For his own part , he had several years been a captain in the militia ; and although not so high , or perhaps so interested in the service , as the