ignorance in excuse ; for not only had a positive act of parliament passed upon the subject , authorizing the court of directors to recal any of their servants in India whom they might see cause to recal ; but so lately as the year 1806 , they announced in the London Gazette , and in all the London and British provincial newspapers , the determination to annul every appointment in their service , which should 1073 appear to be obtained by clandestine or surreptitious means . But if , at the first moment that the Court of Directors , after a long and diligent inquiry , were enabled to discover the appointments thus improperly obtained , parliament was to interfere and prevent them from carrying into effect their resolution ; and the offence was to pass with impunity in the only quarter where it could be punished with exemplary effect , it would be in vain for the Directors to pass any resolution , or lay down any law for the prevention of such abuses . For these reasons , not seeing the house of commons in any degree bound to adopt the proposition , he would , out of respect to the hon . baronet , rather than oppose him by a direct negative , move the previous question . spoke in favour of the Report of the Committee , and thought that the house should pause before they would interfere with the Court of Directors . He called upon the house to recollect , that the act invested in the Court those powers which the present Resolution went to interfere with . He said that it was quite futile to make the provisions which had been made , if they were to be frittered away by excepting the sons of the persons who had purchased those situations . As , therefore , the motion appeared to him to have a tendency to interfere with the Court of Directors and the Act of Parliament , he should vote against the motion . said that he could not help adverting to that subject upon which , on a former night , he had occasion to make some observations . He meant that sort of outrageous virtue , that , while it laid claim to immaculate purity for itself , went beyond all bounds in venting its vengeance against the alledged criminality of others . This was too much the principle in the present case . In this way of overdoing justice , gentlemen seemed to argue in the same way the great king of Prussia did ; who , when a soldier in a fresh breeze had his hat blown oft^ had the soldier severely punished for this accident : and it certainly was observed afterwards , that whether the man was innocent or not , fewer hats fell off ' afterwards . He , however , was not for arguing in this manner in Order to justify the punishing the innocent , which lie took to be impossible . And indeed , before any such absurd principle was resorted to , cuncta prius tentanda . Every means should be tried to get at the end desired , before they should adopt so 1074 harsh and unjust a mode as was suggested by the Report of the Committee . He should vote for the original motion . objected to the Resolution , because he could see no good to arise from it . The substantial object of the motion was to be relieved from the Resolution of the Directors , which the house could not effect by such a measure ; and it would be most unconstitutional to attempt , by a Resolution of that house , to overawe the Directors in the due discharge of the duty vested solely in them by act of Parliament . It would , in fact , be to do away , by one branch of the legislature , what had been enacted by all the three branches , who had left the whole power of sending out and recalling their servants , entirely to the discretion of the Directors of the East