the insertion of the term `` express , '' although it was his determination to support the bill were that term even admitted to stand part of the clause . There were defects in the bill , which did not arise from the hon . mover , but were introduced from a quarter not equally interested in its success ; still , however , he would support it , because it appeared to him to be a declaration of the common law of the land , and a reassertion of the constitution . By the common law of the land , any minister who procured by money seats in parliament was guilty of a breach of the constitution , and punishable by impeachment . He would suppose a consequence of that bill , which he was not inclined to admit in fact , that the entire monopoly of the purchase of seats would be exclusively confined to the ministers . If any minister did act upon such a principle by taking advantage of his exclusive possession of the market , he ( Mr. Grattan ) was certain that the notoriety would be enough to remove him . He would rather that the whole clause should be expunged than the word `` express '' should be retained but at all events , he should vote for the bill , as he considered it the restoration of a constitutional principle ; the common law was now practically repealed , and it required to be revived by statute . The bill ( owing to its modifications ) might not immediately produce the benefits intended ; but it might operate slowly , and in the end produce such happy consequences . He was in favour of the oath ; there were many other clauses which he considered advantageous , but so great was his attachment to the principle , that he would take it even destitute of those provisions . agreed with what had fallen from the right hon . gent . who spoke last . He thought that it was 981 of the utmost importance to the house and to the country , that this bill should pass . Compared with the advantages of passing such a bill , he thought the objections to any particular clause or amendment were unimportant . The principle of the bill was of more value than the details , and yet it appeared to him that the attention of the house had been this night distracted from the principle , in the consideration of the wording of this Amendment . If they were to look at the history of the bill , they would find that it originated in considering the broad fact of persons obtaining seats in that house by the payment of a sum of money . Another case afterwards arose in the course of the debate , of offices being transferred for seats . If , then , the house were now to provide remedies for the two cases which had been so stated , it appeared to him that they would have fully discharged their duty . The whole object of the clause introduced by his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ) was , that the house should take care , while they punished the guilty , not to spread a net which might catch those who had disposed of offices with the most innocent intentions . He could not agree with those who thought that this clause , having the word `` express '' in it , so vitiated the whole bill , as to make it useless . He was sure that his right hon . friend who introduced it could not have intended it as a screen or protection to himself , for no one man could be freer from suspicion of such practices ; but the danger of punishment was not so much for those who gave offices as for those who asked for them and obtained them . If this opinion of implied contracts were to prevail , a minister must no longer consult his friends upon appointments to office , but