that officer , contrary to the Resolution of the Committee of 1797 ; and also of certain Sinecures in Ireland . He concluded with proposing a Resolution in substance as follows : `` That it is expedient to extend the principles of regulation and abolition , already acted upon by that house to certain Sinecure 958 Offices , and Offices executed by Deputy . '' proposed a Resolution with some verbal alterations from that of Mr. Martin , to which the latter acceded , and withdrew his own . thought every unnecessary office ought to be abolished , and that the salary of every office executed by deputy , should be reduced to that actually paid to such deputy . The hon . gent . proposed an Amendment to that effect . opposed this amendment , because it would involve the abolition of all Sinecures , which , as the means of rewarding public service , was a fundamental principle of this constitution : nor could he concur in the latter part of his honourable friend 's proposition . was undoubtedly of opinion , that no money ought to be paid by the public , but for the public duty actually performed , and it was known that there were no less than 120 or 130 offices highly objectionable on this ground . supported the argument of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . If the means of remuneration for efficient public service , which Sinecures afforded , were done away , some other resource for that purpose ought obviously to be provided . Then , how was public economy to be promoted by adopting the recommendation for putting an end to the existence of Sinecures ? In fact , there were only eight or nine Sinecures , which formed the fund from which his majesty was enabled to reward the great officers of state . Much , then , as these Sinecures were abused , he put it to the Committee how a cheaper fund was to be devised . He put it to his hon . friend whether he would object to the provision of any due reward for those who , without wealth , might have rendered important public services to the state . , in supporting the Amendment of his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , adverted particularly to the Sinecures in Scotland and the West Indies , which could not be comprehended in the description of those alluded to by the right hon . gent . who spoke last . His impression was , that the amount and application of all Sinecures ought to be known to the house , with a view to reform and abolish such as were objectionable . Indeed , he was free to say , that Sinecures were not a convenient way of rewarding public services . was of opinion , that if Sinecures were removed some other means of remuneration for public services ought to be provided . But upon the utmost reflection , he would lather prefer the existence of Sinecures , believing as he did that , notwithstanding the mistaken odium attaching to them , if they were abolished , larger pensions would be granted , and consequently greater burthens imposed and entailed upon the public . He was , however , free to confess , that there were some Sinecures , particularly in the West Indies , which ought to be done away . But as to the Sinecures to which he would apply his rule , unless the principle of reward for public services , to which no man who had a just conception of the public interest could object , were actually set aside , it was absurd to deprecate the existence of those Sinecures which furnished the means of that reward . maintained , that according to the Bill of Mr. Burke , which had been referred to by the hon . mover of the Amendment , Sinecures , as furnishing the means of reward for public service , should not be done away without providing a substitute . concurred in the argument of his noble friend ( H. Petty ) ,