of that gentleman . He trusted also that gentlemen on the other side would not forget the various ways in which they had endeavoured to conceal the evidence on this branch of the case : how it had been wrung from them like drops of blood ; and the twists and turns and shifts after which it had at length been extorted from them . First they did not know of such a correspondence ; then it was private . Would any of those gentlemen , with unblushing front , now assert that any of these letters were private ? Had they the mark `` private '' upon them ; and even if they had such a mark , could any man suppose that they were any thing else than a public record of the business of his mission ? They were not only public , but were meant to be so . Then they were said to be of no consequence ; they had nothing to do with sir J. Moore 's retreat , and very little with his advance ; and if produced , they would not answer the purpose for which they were called for ; as they contained no information that would be of the smallest advantage to the discussion . Were they really unimportant ? On the contrary , were they not the sole and only cause of that gallant and lamented officer 's advance ? It was solely on account of them that he found it his duty to make that advance . On the 13th of November sir John Moore found himself at Salamanca . Of the Spanish army he knew nothing , of the French army he knew as little ; and , after advancing as directed , he found himself in front of the French army , his own forces being divided . He trusted he should hear no more blame imputed to that brave officer , as if it proceeded from some fault of his own that his army had been divided into two corps . He did not expect that the gallant officer whom Mr. Pitt regarded as one of our greatest military men , should have been one of the first on whom gentlemen on the other side would transfer blame from their own shoulders . When he recollected the auspices under which the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had commenced his political career under Mr. Pitt , he indeed would be surprised to find him casting the blame from himself upon that officer , who enjoyed Mr. Pitt 's unlimited confidence , therein following the example of his colleagues , who shifted the blame uniformly 450 upon the officers they employed . The gallant commander had only one alternative , either to go by sea , which was hardly possible at that time of the year , besides that he might not have been allowed to land , or to go by a road , by which his army could not pass without being divided . It was , therefore , no fault on his part that he had been exposed to this inconvenience . If they told him that the French army was destroyed and annihilated , was it his fault if he afterwards found them in front of him ? Were they to throw blame on him on account of their own information to him ? Finding himself in this situation , he wrote a letter to Mr. Frere , remonstrating on the way in which he had been deceived , upon his want of information from the Supreme Junta , and that he had no communication with the Spanish commanders . Mr. Frere on receiving this letter gave in a remonstrance upon it to the government ; adding a little asperity of his own , in language little suited to the character of a minister at a foreign court . Sir John Moore finding himself in this situation , the Spanish cause nearly ruined , but wishing to assist them if possible , follows the advice of Mr. Frere . Mr. Frere , in his letter to sir John Moore