bill would produce more good than evil ; and under that impression he should vote for it . rose to say a very few words upon the subject of this bill . The measure appeared to him to be wholly inefficient as to the provision of any adequate remedy of the abuses , if not universally , at least generally , admitted to exist . It would not , however , be inefficient for the purpose of screening corruption ; and upon this ground he thought it ought to be called `` A Bill for granting indemnity for past corruption , and for providing security for future corruption . '' He had been called up , however , particularly by the insinuations of the hon . gent . who had just sat down against the advocates of reform . He did not mean to say that he was insensible to these insinuations , or that he was not included among those to whom the hon . gent . 's inuendos and observations were intended to apply . But before he should proceed to take any further notice of these insinuations , he had one observation to make upon the hon . gent . 's arguments . In these he appeared to answer himself . In the assertion of the hon . gent. , that political power should be connected with property , he entirely concurred , and the establishment of that connection was the great object for which he contended . But the hon . gent , had no sooner laid down this principle broadly , than he drew this corollary from it , that places which no longer retain any property , should still continue to possess a share of the representation , and consequently of political power . The two propositions were irre-concileable . The hon . gent . disdained that he should be thought a friend to corruption , and yet defended a system , which was the living source , the salient spring of all the corruption that existed in the state . He could not perceive what idea the hon . gent . had of corruption . But when the hon . gent . said that it was contrary to the principles of human nature that a man should take an office and not afterwards vote for the person who had procured it for him , he seemed to have a very strange notion of corruption in excepting such a case . What ! was it not corruption , if the vote was to be given for a bribe received ? and could it make any differ- 1001 ence in the nature of the corruption , whether that bribe was given in the shape of valuable consideration in money or of a lucrative office ? What he had to say relative to the insinuations of the hon . member , he should reserve for the last ; insinuations applied to him and others , who tried in every legitimate way , and by all constitutional means , to procure advocates for what he looked upon as necessary , if not to the salvation , at least to the happiness and freedom of this empire , —a Reform in Parliament.—With respect to the bill itself , the hon . member who had brought it forward , ought to be the first to vote against it . If he should not do so , he would prove himself to possess a greater degree of mobility of opinion , a greater inconsistency of principle in adopting the opinions of those who opposed him originally , than he could suppose him capable of . How could he support a measure in which he could not find more than three lines and three quarters of the preamble of the bill which he had introduced ? —He should hope , therefore , that the hon . gent . would not shew that he was attached with the fondness of a parent , to this supposititious offspring , this changling forced upon him as his legitimate production ; or send out to the public with the weight and influence of his name