my lords , what was the report of that committee ? I should first observe , that the committee itself originated in the petitions I have adverted to , which particularly dwelt on the illegality and grievance of the imprisonment in distant gaols . The committee only reported upon the abuses complained of in these petitions . Upon hearing these , the house of commons directed its committee to prepare the bill , and to consider at the same time of the enormous sentences pronounced by the Star-Chamber . The concluding clause of this memorable bill enacts , that no court in future shall have the like jurisdiction as that court was vested with or had used to exercise . It appears , my lords , from the time of presenting the petitions I have mentioned until the bill received the royal assent , that the only abuses which led to the destruction of the Star-Chamber , were the abuses complained of in those petitions , the prominent point in which was the illegality and grievance of imprisonment in distant gaols ; and I can confidently advance that the Court of King 's Bench does not , legally , possess a shadow of this power , unless his majesty 's attorney-general produces some modern statute which invests them with that power . Nothing short of such an authority can , legally , 589 confer the power of inflicting such a punishment , and I must decidedly protest against the idea that any precedent of modern date can vest such an authority in the court of King 's Bench ; and I do humbly , but confidently contend , my lords , that the court in question possesses no such legal power , unless the attorney-general can shew a statute which gives them that investiture . In the year 1642 , my lords , it is to be found , at the time that disputes had arisen between the king and the parliament , that the latter being at a loss for money , when it had passed an ordinance for the raising a large body of the troops for its service , and for the purpose of enabling them to do so , an ordinance was passed for the payment to the state of a twentieth part of the property of individuals , and towards the enforcing of which the process of distress was authorized . It was farther ordained by the parliament , with respect to the raising of this money , that defaulters , or persons refusing to answer , were to be brought before the house of commons , which should have the power of imprisoning , in such case , at its discretion , those persons , in such places in the kingdom as it should think fit , and to direct , that the families of such persons should have no longer any intercourse with them ! From this proceeding , we may clearly infer that no such power as that of consigning offenders to distant places of imprisonment , was held to exist in the court of King 's Bench ; if such an authority resided in that tribunal , it would hardly be deemed necessary to pass an ordinance . This remarkable measure was afterwards commented upon on the part of the king himself , when it was properly observed , that the power of imprisoning his majesty 's subjects in places distant from the scene of their offences , was a latitude of judgment which no court of law could challenge to itself . This , my lords , was the construction put upon this assumed power , in opposition to the parliament , by king Charles himself . Of the illegality of such a practice , I ask , my lords , can there be a stronger authority ? The allegation on the part of the king , was , that the sending persons to confinement in distant places , was a latitude or judgment which no court could challenge to itself ! This assertion of king Charles is equally clear and comprehensive . In the next reign , the house