sorry to say , saw nothing but deformities , and was wholly led away by a predilection for dry abstract propositions . He could not vote for the proposed Resolution , brought forward at a time when the general purity of public management was so universally admitted ( a laugh ) . expressed himself of the same opinion . He was far from thinking the influence of the crown had increased in that house ; on the contrary , he thought it less now than at any former period . Unless the house saw some great and effectual remedy would be the consequence , to pledge themselves to a measure of this kind , would be a delusion of the people , especially of those who wished to see placemen excluded . There were many cases , in which only a choice of evils was left . It was different here . For his own part , he knew the good effects of the present system . The country had long flourished under it , and he for one would not easily consent to change it . The present measure he viewed as a mere palliative , which could produce nothing but delusion . He should , therefore , give it his negative . thought the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , had laid no grounds for his proposition that should induce the house to entertain it at present . It was open to him to give notice for the next session , but at present they had not 954 had a fair opportunity given them to deliberate on it in such a manner as the importance of it required . He should , therefore , oppose it . said , he would beg leave to trouble the house with a very few observations , in answer to what had fallen from some of those hon . members who had opposed his motion . Notwithstanding all that had been said with respect to the impropriety of agreeing with his Resolution , on the ground that it would , in effect , go to prejudge the main question , he contended , that the course he had pursued was the ordinary course of proceeding when a measure was considered by any member necessary , and the existing session was too far spent for its discussion then . The house had a precedent in the Bill brought forward to regulate the office of Treasurer of the Navy . Two hon . members had adverted to the characteristic purity of those times , and in the fervour of their ejaculations almost appeared to feel that it was heaven itself ; yet , notwithstanding all their encomiums upon the purity of public men , he ( Mr. Whitbread ) must say , that he was anxious to apply a little correction to them , not to the hon . members personally ( a laugh ) , but as constituting a part of the house of commons.—He next reviewed the objections of the right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Canning , ) and contended , that such was the purity , as it was called , of those times , that even the Chair was obliged to endure from the right hon . gent . and his colleagues , admissions and justifications which in other times , in the days of Mr. Dunning , would not be tolerated . The right hon . gent . he supposed could not have been present at the whole of his ( Mr. Whitbread 's ) speech , or he would never have spoken as he had lately done . So far from having an idea of excluding the members of the administration from the house of commons , he had expressly said it was his wish that a liberal portion should be allowed to sit there . Yet there were offices the holders of which ought to be excluded from parliament ; and there were persons in that house who were only there for the mere purpose of giving direct influence to government . His right hon . colleague who preceded him ( Mr.