, however , that parliament had agreed to the principle , that such trafficking in seats ought to be abolished . He saw no reason for going into the past ; and he asked , whether any thing could be more unjust than to turn round upon two gentlemen , whose conduct had not been attended with any peculiar aggravation . Mr. T. however , acknowledged that some reform there must be , and the more gradual he would be the better pleased . Something , however , must be done to remove any injurious impressions which the people had of that house . The landed interest ought , for obvious reasons , to have the greatest weight in the house , though it ought not to be all in all . The monied 512 interest ought to have considerable influence . But at the same time it was proper that mere money should not procure a seat in that house , and give rise to speculations which no one could see without pain . But it would be great injustice to render a few individuals the victims of a system which did not commence with them . He concluded by saying , that he would move an Amendment to the Motion , with a view to exclude that part of the charge relating to Mr. Perceval and Mr. Wellesley , and to retain only that which related to lord Castlereagh . said , that though an oral charge was perfectly regular , yet it was necessary to have the allegations recorded ; and called on Mr. Madocks to furnish the Clerk with a copy of his motion.—This being done , and the Charge , being an epitome of the accuser 's speech , read by the Clerk , the Speaker noticed that the motion contained two distinct points ; first , a charge of trafficking in the seats of that house ; and second of influencing the vote of its members . He then explained the manner in which the question would be put , and informed the last speaker of the mode in which he could introduce his Amendment . explained . If the Chancellor of the Exchequer was privy to the second part of the charge , he had no wish to exclude him from his Amendment . expressed his astonishment to hear the measure of Parliamentary Reform objected to by his right hon . friend in point of time ; the more so as that objection was grounded upon the same arguments which his right hon . friend , he , and others , had on former occasions to encounter from the other side of the house . With regard to the public meetings , from which declarations of opinion had been published upon the subject of the decision of the house , relative to the conduct of the Duke of York , he maintained the right of the people to express their opinion upon any public question , asserting that there were numbers among the public who were as competent to form a correct opinion upon that or any other question , as the members of that house . To think otherwise on the part of the house , he would consider as an indication of arrogance and folly . The people had the whole of the evidence before them with respect to the transaction alluded to , and upon that evidence they thought proper to come to a conclusion directly contrary to that of the house . Was 513 it to be wondered at , that such a conclusion , and the considerations connected with it , should have induced the the mind of the country to conceive that all was not right in that house , and that some reform in the representation was necessary . As to the attack which it was alledged was systematically made upon public men , he wished to know whether serious disposition to very gross attack did not prevail against those who were anxious to expose and punish abuses , even more than against those who were supposed to profit by the existence of such abuses .