whose hands they should confide their lives and property . This is the source from whence has sprung that spirit which has made us able to distinguish ourselves beyond all other people , in comparison to our physical force ; withdraw this prop , and what must be the consequences ? What , Sir , must be the feelings of all the virtuous and uncorrupt electors in the kingdom , to have forced upon them the certainty that the elective franchise , which they prize as the foundation of their liberty and security , is a saleable commodity ? That those laws which have been made at different periods to maintain the purity and freedom of election , are violated with impunity , by members of this house ? That the law is only against the retail dealer , but that the wholesale merchant traffics with impunity ? In every breast that retains a spark of patriotism or public virtue , we must be viewed with the strongest feelings of reprobation ; how shall we be considered by those who imitate our example , and make a marketable commodity of their suffrages ? They will accuse us of injustice , and demand reform conformable to our practice ; that is , that we should remove every barrier against their openly setting up their suffrages to sale ; that the stigmas attached to this practice should be done away , and the selling what , by our practice , we contend we have a right to purchase , should no longer be mistakenly considered as disgraceful ; can yon refuse what appears but common justice ? —Under all these circumstances , I should be glad that any gent , would point out to me the class of the community from whom we have a right to look for respect or approbation . Sir , I am ready to admit , that it is unfortunate these disclosures should have taken place at this moment , when unani- 782 mity is so necessary to carry us through the arduous struggle in which we are engaged . The experience of past times has proved the pertinacity with which government and individuals cling to abuses . These practices , however they debase all who have any share in them , and degrade parliament , will not be corrected without a great and arduous struggle . The only safe and honourable conduct for the house to pursue is , to follow the precedent of all former times , and to redress and provide suitable remedies for the abuse.—The attempt to bring the reasoning of Dr. Paley , to support such practices , is unjust to the memory of that great and good man ; he decidedly condemns bribery , as laying the seeds of general corruption , and weakening the affections of the people for parliament . His conclusion is most striking of our present situation : he says , `` No order or assembly of men whatever , can long maintain their place and authothority in a mixed government , of which the members do not individually possess a respectable share of personal importance . '' Is not this a just description , and sufficient to carry home conviction to every gentleman 's mind , of the absolute necessity for the measure proposed . An hon . member , with some degree of triumph , boasts of the decrease of cases of bribery , and the rapid reform which has and is taking place in many of those places which were formerly under the influence of local interests . If it fell within the knowledge of the hon . member , I wish he had proceeded to point out the causes of this change ; let me ask him , has it arisen from those who have thus succeeded in obtaining the favour of the people , discharging with more assiduity those offices , from which the public derives such advantage ? Is it from their example ? From their hospitality ? From their virtuous example in private life ? No , sir , not a word of this has been said , and I