be carried into distant parts of the island twice instead of once a year . He thought , also , that a Welsh judge ought no longer to be allowed to sit in the house of commons , or to hold an office under the crown . He supported the opinion of his hon . friend ( Mr. Martin ) , that the sinecure places in the courts of justice should go to make the increase proposed in the salaries of the judges . If these offices were not abolished at the present moment , at least a pledge ought to be given , that at some given period the sentiments of the committee , which had laid a Report on the table on the subject , would be taken into due consideration . did not think that the time of the judges would allow them to go the northern circuit 837 twice in the year ; but this might be a subject of after consideration . As to the proposition of excluding the Welsh judges from the house of commons ; if such a regulation were at present adopted , it would appear to be pointed at an individual who had always been most zealous in the discharge of his public duties . Nor was this properly the subject before the house . thought , that this was the time for declaring that the place of Clerk of Assize should not be sold in future . was of opinion , that in granting an augmented salary to the Judges , the house ought not to mix any other question with that before them . stated , that many complaints had reached him of the inconvenience sustained in the north , on account of there not being two assizes in the year . After a few words from lord Milton , Mr. C. Wynn , and the Attorney General , the original resolution , and also a resolution for granting to the Welsh judges an additional salary of 400l . per annum , were agreed to.—The house having been resumed , the Report was ordered to be received tomorrow . ; —Before you proceed to put the Question of Reading this Bill a first time , I wish to offer myself to your notice : And although I am at all times unwilling to request the attention of the Committee of this House , thinking that I should render them no service by mixing in their general Debates , and feeling also the inconvenience of being precluded afterwards by my other duties in this House from explaining or defending my opinions in any subsequent stage of discussion ; nevertheless there are some subjects of a paramount importance , upon which I do conceive that I have a personal duty imposed upon me ( and perhaps the House may think in some degree an official duty ) to deliver the sentiments which I entertain : —And such is the present . The Question now before us , is no less than this—Whether the Seats in this House shall be henceforth publicly saleable ? —A proposition , at the sound of which , our 838 Ancestors would have startled with indignation ; but a practice , which in these days and within these walls , in utter oblivion of every former maxim and feeling of Parliament , has been avowed and justified . We are now , however , come to a pass from which we have no retreat . Upon this Question we must decide , Aye or No . To do nothing is to do every thing . If I we forbear to reprobate this traffic , we give it legality and sanction . And unless we now proceed to brand and stigmatize it by a prohibitory Law , I am firmly persuaded that even before the short remnant of this Session is concluded , we shall see that Seats in this House are advertised for sale by Public Auction : And we shall have brought a greater scandal upon Parliament and the Nation , than this country has ever known since Parliaments have had an existence . According to