notice for this day , I apprehend it is unnecessary to preface it with any observations as to its importance . I shall merely pursue that which I conceive to be the mode of conduct most conformable to the forms of the house . It is inconsistent , I believe , with those forms for me to make at first any motion of censure upon any member of this house ; the most regular course , being to move previously that the Evidence , upon which a charge is grounded , should be read , so that upon that evidence certain Resolutions may be grafted ; and the same argument that may be used to induce the house to hear that evidence read , may also induce it to adopt the subsequent Resolutions . In the first place , then , I shall observe , that I have no personal hostility to the noble lord , nor any feeling against him in any other capacity than that of his official character and public conduct . If , therefore , in the course of what I shall submit to this house , I shall be unfortunate enough to use any expression which shall at all appear of a different character than that which I ascribe to it , I trust , I shall be as willing to retract it as any other hon . member can be inclined to disapprove it.—There is one , and only one , point which I have to offer with regard to myself , in taking upon me to bring this business before the house . It may be in the recollection of many , at least it is in the recollection of those who have taken any notice of my public conduct , that I have been in the habit of standing as forward as any other member in pursuing delinquency of this nature , and I should feel it not less inconsistent with the duty I owe to this house , than with the maintenance of that character which I hope I possess , if I were to overlook the facts disclosed in the Evidence taken before the East India Committee . * It will be remembered that some years ago , my utmost endeavours were not wanting to produce the detection of that guilt with which Alexander Davison was connected , and that two years ago I was not less assiduous in a similar pursuit . In that , as in all other instances , I hope it will be admitted , that I have followed the same course of hostility to corruption ; that whatever was due to the honour of this house , and the support of * The Report of the Committee will be found in the Appendix to the present volume . 205 my own character , has ever been the object of my study ; and that I have never allowed my opinions to be biassed , nor my judgment to be controuled by the influence or conduct of any person or party whatever.—Coming , now , to the point immediately before you , nothing appears to me more necessary than that you should consider it fully , and decide upon it independently , if you desire to perform the first duty that belongs to your office . If you desire to preserve the respect of the public ; how can you do so unless you preserve your own purity ? In this enlightened country , no body of men will be respected unless it prove itself respectable . Like any other corporate assembly you can not enjoy respect unless you deserve it ; you can not maintain your authority unless your character is held in good estimation . Not long since you sent two individuals from your bar to prison . If you expect that judgment to be regarded ; if you wish it to have the influence of example , you must take care of your individual and collective respectability , and what can be more material for that purpose than the enforcement of those laws and regulations which you have so repeatedly enacted to guard