, and all the articles used in carrying it on , are the growth , produce , and manufacture , either of Great Britain or her colonies : so that the whole amount of the exports made by the Sugar Refiners to foreign markets , is a contribution levied upon foreigners by British industry , and an accession to British wealth . Is it possible that his Majesty 's Ministers can contemplate this picture , and seriously resolve to destroy this valuable manufacture ? Can they deem it consistent with sound policy , to drive the Refiners to the extremity of transporting themselves , their capital , and their industry , to foreign countries , as must be the case , if they deprive them of their accustomed employment here , by giving that encouragement to the foreign refineries , which they ought to secure to our own ? With respect to the gentlemen connected with the British West India colonies , who urge his Majesty 's Ministers to this rash step , men too , in other respects , of intelligent and enlarged minds , I am really astonished at their contracted notions in this particular case . They are , I believe , the first set of men who ever devised , as a contrivance for raising the value of a raw commodity , the ruin of those by whom it is manufactured . Can any idea more erroneous , I must say , more preposterous , be possibly conceived ? They remind me of the shortsighted policy of the man in the table , who killed the goose that laid the golden eggs . In another point of view , the exporting the clayed sugars of Martinique to the Continent , instead of refining them here for exportation , will be a great national loss ; for by refining these sugars , we add very materially to their value . The balance , of exchange is now so much against Great Britain , that the guinea is not worth more than 17s . on any part of the Continent ; and Government feels this depreciation very heavily in the purchase of every article of naval stores procured from the Baltic , as well as in the bills necessarily drawn for subsidies to our foreign allies , and for the maintenance of our armies on foreign service . When the alternative is laid before us , either to diminish or increase this evil , by diminishing or increasing the value of our exports , can we hesitate how to decide ? The inhabitants of Martinique are also parties to this cause , and have a right to be considered in this discussion . I am aware it may be said , that the privilege of having their produce admitted to the home consumption of Great Britain , can be an object of no consequence to them , if the price of sugar be just the same , whether it be sold for exportation or home consumption . But , I would ask , are men influenced by pecuniary considerations alone ? Have they no feelings of any other description ? Even in the most trifling cases , no man is satisfied to be put on a worse footing than his neighbour . If he does not feel a distinction made to his disadvantage as an injury , he considers it as an insult , and resents it still more strongly . Can it be expected that the inhabitants of Martinique will contentedly endure , that while the produce of every other West India colony conquered by Great Britain during the present war , is admitted to her home consumption , their produce alone should be excluded ? Will they not ask what they have done , that , like Cain , they should be branded with a mark of opprobrium , and treated as a stigmatised race ? But unfortunately for the effect that this measure may be expected to produce upon their minds , it so happened , that when the island was captured , that temporary difference between the price of sugar for home consumption and