not every one of those , which existed at his majesty 's accession to the throne , now abolished ? And so little effort did this seem to require , that the Bill by which the last of our privileges was extinguished , ( Mr. Serjeant Best 's Bill , ) passed through the house almost without notice ; and the process of the law is now , in every respect , the same towards members of this house as towards the lowest and meanest individual in the land . Gentlemen appear to be surprised that I should even mention such topics , so little does the idea enter into the mind of any one among us ; but let it be recollected , that to obtain exemptions and privileges for their members , has 652 been the first effort of all public bodies in foreign countries , possessing powers similar to our own.—But are we less careful of the public money than were our ancestors ? Is parliament more disposed to lavish the resources of the state than in other times ? Amidst facts innumerable , since the Revolution , it is sufficient to state , that even so late as in this reign , when , in 1709 it was proposed to pay the debts of the Civil List , parliament voted the money required ; and yet ministers refused to produce the accounts , by which alone the propriety and necessity of the grant could be judged . In the present time , does there exist a minister so lost to all sense of propriety as thus to conduct himself ? or , if such a minister could be found , is there a man within these walls who would not raise his voice to express his indignation ? —But it is said , that there prevails the greatest abuse in the expenditure of the public resources , and that we are unwilling to make a reform.—Is there any truth , any justice , in the charge ? —The knowledge obtained upon this subject is , in it-self a proof of strong desire to reform and amend ; since it is the result of the labours of committees appointed by parliament , with a view to examine , and correct , whatever of evil may exist in our system . But with all our diligence , and all our researches , what is the amount of the abuses we have discovered , and what the conduct we have adopted ? The abuses discovered in the naval branch of expenditure , by the laborious diligence of a most meritorious commission , must be pronounced as very considerable , compared with the extent of the service . And even the abuses that existed were chiefly carried on in the West Indies , which is beyond the reach of ordinary vigilance , and have now ceased . In the expenditure of the military department there has been found more ground for complaint , as was to have been expected from the indefinite nature of the service to be performed . But has there been shown any tardiness to restrain the evil when discovered ? and are not remedies applied , such as promise to be effectual ? It has been truly said , that the abuses in each gentleman 's private household exceeded the abuses in the public disbursement , on a comparison of their respective amounts . Let gentlemen consider the prodigious magnitude of the services which are carried on ; let them consider that they extend to every quarter of the globe ; and is it astonishing that , under such cir- 653 cumstances , all the vigilance , all the attention of government , should sometimes be unable to prevent the frauds of the persons in whose hands such trusts are reposed ? Do gentlemen expect that any government should be more vigilant in the discharge of its functions than is the Bank itself , whose attention , whose regularity , has ever been proverbial ? and yet we find , that in the very simple functions which belong to that body , and in spite of