, however , he was solely actuated by a regard to justice , and for the character of that house , as he was wholly unacquainted with the connections of the officer to whose case he was to refer . The hon . baronet then proceeded to state , that if he had been present at the discussion , he should have employed his humble efforts , though he durst not flatter himself he should have been successful , to dissuade the house from the decision it had come to . He then contended that prevarication could not apply to the evidence given by that officer , and was proceeding to an examination of the evidence in the printed minutes , in order to establish that point , when called the hon . baronet to order , as he understood his object to be to induce the house to reverse a solemn decision it had come to in this session , which was contrary to the usage of parliament . decided , that if the motion of the hon . baronet was to call upon the house to rejudge what it had already adjudged this session , it was inconsistent with the practice of the house to entertain it . It would be for the hon . baronet to state whether such was his object . , after several ineffectual attempts to establish the regularity of the course he proposed , and upon being distinctly informed from the chair that it was highly irregular , was at length induced to wave his motion altogether . said , the present bill professed to check abuses in the Sale of Offices in every department of the coun- 114 try . He felt it difficult to follow the bill in its different parts , referring , as it did , to the act of Edward the sixth on the same subject . He was satisfied that the object of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been to make the bill as comprehensive as possible , for which he gave him full credit . He was , however , of opinion , that little good would attend the bill , as indeed , little good in general attended Bills of Prevention . The house knew well what bills had been passed to prevent bribery and corruption in the elections of members of parliament , yet that the evils sought to be provided against still existed , because the only effect of these acts was to render the persons concerned more circumspect , and the practices more difficult of detection . If the Inquiry , for which he had moved the other night , had been allowed , it would have been in the power of the house to see whether the bill proposed would be likely to do any good . That Inquiry , however , had been refused , and he was therefore bound to say , that however an act like the present might increase the difficulty of continuing the practices sought to be checked , the evils themselves would still exist . He did not quarrel with the right hon . gent. , however , on this account . He had no doubt the right hon . gent . had done what he thought best ; but he would ask , why any exceptions had been made ? Why had offices in the Courts of Law been exempted , they being the most objectionable of any ? Was it fitting that offices connected with the administration of justice should be made the subject of sale ? It surely was not so , and the present was a fit opportunity of eradicating the practice . There was , however , another exception in the present bill more important than that to which he had just alluded ; more important , on this account , because the attention of the house and of the country had been more particularly called to it in consequence of the Report of the East India Patronage Committee , that Seats in Parliament were trafficked for . When he considered that this practice had