this bill will operate as an indemnity for the past ; where does he find any thing to justify such a declaration ? I defy him to shew any grounds for it ; if he can , let him point it out , and I will abandon the bill.—Sir , my situation is not enviable ; I find myself opposed by those gentlemen with whom I generally think and act . For though , Sir , I never have been what is called a good party man , yet I have my prejudices , and from respect to the talents and abilities of the hon . gentlemen below me , on many cases I should be disposed to adopt their opinions ; yet on a measure upon which I have been compelled to bestow much time and consideration , I have formed an opinion , and I think it more consistent to take responsibility upon my own opinion and conviction , than upon any authority , however high.—Sir , I have felt I had an imperious duty to perform , and acting up to what I conceive to be most for the dignity of this house , which I wish to uphold , and most for the advantage of the Empire at large , I am ready to encounter any calumny and odium that may attach upon me , having , what is the best consolation under all circumstances in life , the entire approbation of my own conscience in the vote I shall give . said , that he felt it necessary for him to make some observations , as the bill had been so completely altered in the Committee ; that there was danger lest , in voting against it now , after having ; voted against it before , he should appear to be guilty of inconsistency . It appeared to him as full of objections in its altered state as in its original state ; although the objections were of a different nature . His former objections rested , first , on the denial 1008 of that assumption which was made the foundation of the bill ; secondly , that he conceived the reasonings by which it was supported , to be false , and dangerous in the extreme ; and thirdly , that he conceived that it would open the door to infinite mischiefs . As to this implied corruption , if it is what the law had declared corruption , the law of course had also pointed out how it was to be punished ; and if the utmost attention paid to the subject of these corruptions could produce nothing better than this bill , he thought the old legislators had done very well to stop where they did . He deprecated the bill originally , because he saw the difficulty of stopping at the point they might wish . It was easy to remove any abuse , if the removal of the abuse was the only thing to be considered , and if no regard need be had of the means to be employed , and of the mischiefs that might ensue . To take oft a wen or other excrescence , the butcher would do as well as the surgeon , were no consideration necessary of what might be the consequence of cutting it off unskilfully . The real question would be , whether the patient would not be left in a more dangerous state than that of the original disease , and especially when it was considered that there were numbers who , instead of healing , would perpetually apply caustics to the wound . He thought the hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen ) was himself somewhat inconsistent in voting for a bill so opposite in its nature and tendency to that which he had originally introduced . He seemed to think that it was better to get half his measure than none of it . `` Half a loaf , '' it was said , `` is better than no bread , '' but not so , half a reform . It was a gross error to suppose