our notice , it is represented then as `` mere cheese-parings and candle `` ends . '' It may , however , be worth remarking ( by the bye ) an old English proverb to be found in Ray 's Collection , which says `` all the King 's cheese goes in parings , '' and if a cheese is cut straight through the middle it is all parings ; whilst at other time these cheese-parings assume a shape so formidable as to render 1044 any attempt to diminish them fruitless and unavailing ; so that , inconsistent in argument , consistent in principle , the defenders of Corruption , as it suits their purpose , either represent it as a pigmy beneath notice , or a giant not to be contended with : from which alternate modes of defence we are forced to infer , that in the minds of some gentlemen , Corruption , be it small or be it great , is not only not to be checked or controuled , but to be fostered and encouraged . We are to hug our disease , and doat on dissolution : But so very opposite is my idea upon this subject , that I say , be Corruption small or great , let it assume what form or shape it may , it is an intolerable evil ; in the first stage of it I would have said , `` Principles obsta : '' at our high tide of it I will exclaim , `` Ne plus ultra , '' that delay is death . The question now is , How the career of this Destroyer is to be arrested ? In my opinion there is no way of doing this with effect , but a Reform of this House . Another doctrine equally mischievous as the former , which it was triumphantly said no human creature could contradict , was that of all men acting from Mixed Motives . This may be a convenient doctrine for public men , but , I trust , will appear as unfounded and indefensible as the arguments just alluded to in support of Corruption , either on account of its supposed insignificance or real magnitude : its object and bearing is , in fact , to cut up all morality by the very roots ; there could be no rational ground for confidence or esteem , were such a doctrine once admitted ; if all men are supposed to act from Mixed Motives , how can any man 's character be known ? How ascertain the proportion ( upon which all depends ) of good and bad in the mixture ? How discover from what motive any action springs , or whether to be attributed to it praise or censure ? —From the confidence and boldness with which this extraordinary doctrine has been advanced , it may seem hazardous to risk a refutation of it ; I shall nevertheless attempt to shew that the reverse is the fact , and that , so far from men acting generally from mixed motives , they never act so at all ; and however metaphysical may be the notions of some gentlemen , I defy them , with all their refinement and subtlety , to produce a mixture of motives in their own minds . Motives are as impossible to mix as parallel lines to meet . Many motives , it is true , may concur to impel a man to one act , as many roads 1045 may lead to one town ; many rivers direct their courses to one sea , but they are not on that account mixed . Avarice , ambition , love of country , may conduce to one end ; though one of these passions may predominate , the motives remain unmixed ; but when put in opposition one to the other , the impossibility of mixing them becomes apparent , the strongest motive overcomes the rest.—The position is quite unphilosophical , and the idea of mixed motives altogether absurd . Surely , no one will call in question the doctrine of a ruling passion , strong even