the case in this country . In this respect , therefore , the statement of the hon . gent . was calculated to convey an unfounded impression , and a false charge , which I have thought it necessary to set right . Although I have now trespassed on the attention of the house much longer than I intended , by the observations I have thought it right to make on the hon . gentleman 's statement with respect to the public expenditure , I must request their indulgence for a few remarks , which I find it necessary to make on the animadversions which he has made on the collection of the revenue . He goes first into the Post-Office , and having ascertained that in Mr. Palmer 's time this service was performed at an expence of 200,000 l. per ann . and that it now costs 400,000l . he immediately infers that abuses exist to the amount of 200,000 l. and that this sum might be saved to the public . Now , Sir , I will take upon myself so assert , that if this subject is inquired into , in the most minute detail , the house will be satisfied that no increase of expence has been incurred in this department which was not absolutely necessary for the public service , or conducive to the improvement and increase of this branch of the revenue . The house must be aware , that in this department as well as in others , it has been found absolutely necessary to augment the salaries of the clerks and subordinate officers , who , I am sure , are not now overpaid . Where the numbers employed are necessarily very large , as in the post-office , including all the postmasters , letter carriers , & c. in the kingdom , an augmentation , however small to each person , amounts to a very considerable sum upon the whole . Whatever other augmentation of expence has been incurred , arises either from the increased accommodation which has been afforded to the trade , and to 1115 every part of the community , by opening new lines of communication , establishing new post-offices , by a daily delivery of letters to places where they were formerly conveyed only every other day , or twice a week , and very much by the increased establishment and expence of packets for maintaining an intercourse with distant countries , and for the encouragement of our foreign commerce . But , in making these improvements , I can assure the house , that the post-office , though at all times justly anxious to contribute to the comfort and convenience of the community , and particularly of the commercial class , does not lose sight of the interests of the revenue ; and that there is scarcely one of them which does not amply compensate for the increased expence ; so that the addition which has been made to the public charge in this respect , if examined merely as a revenue consideration , is money well laid out , and productive of a very large sum to the public income . In the Customs , the hon . gent . has stated one instance of what he conceives to be a most flagrant abuse , and he called upon the house to take it as a specimen of what he conceives to be the whole system of the department . This instance is the appointment of three new surveyors general , making ten in the whole , at a time when the original number of seven ought , in the judgment of the hon . gent. , to have been diminished , in consequence of the new docks ; why , Sir , it is on account of these new docks that this addition became necessary , one for each of the three great establishments , West India , London , and East India docks . I will not trouble the house with details on this subject , but shall content myself with stating in the presence of members of this house , whose