, and desirous of change , and the great cause of this was the existing corruptions . He wished to know how far this doctrine was laid down . The bill , it appeared , went to do away borough-mongering and corruption : would it do away the influence of property ? When men laid down principles , they ought to be able to explain them . If his hon . friend had a greater fortune , he would of course have more interest than a 40s . freeholder . We had an argumentum ad hominem and an argumentum ad absurdum , but we had no argumentum à rentali , otherwise the influence of the landlord over the tenant was equally corruption with what was complained of . The law had laid down a rule that after so many days for the teste of the writ there should be no treating ; by having infringed that rule he had lost the representation of the county of Norfolk ; and yet he had done nothing either immoral or wrong . He had inadvertently acted contrary to the provision of an act of parliament on the subject , and be had thereby lost his seat . Was not this guarding against even the shadow of corruption ? One set of reformers say , We will go so far ; another set say , You shall go further ; so that , once permitted to begin , there was no knowing where , or at what they would stop . His hon . friend had doubtless proper sympathies , but he could not expect others to have the same . If men took bribes , it was not a corruption of that house , but co-extensive with the people itself , coeval with the constitution ; such corruptions existed in times when the country was most prosperous and the best governed , and therefore , unless his hon . friend could shew that the country was now worse than it had ever been , he would not consent to a change . He denied that the transactions which had been brought to light in the late Inquiry were at all to be considered corruptions of government . All that had been proved was , that such persons as Mrs. Clarke and Mr. Beazely had been trafficking for places and commissions , but there was no proof of corruption in the government ; and as to any hope of pacifying the people by this bill , it was extravagance itself to suppose it . If there were corruptions in that house , they could not be cured by Parliamentary Reform ; 370 but he would not countenance such an idea . If once we began , we could never stop , and if we once made a change to please the people , they would go on ; they would never know when they had enough ; and therefore he would oppose the general principles of Reform . There were two periods which the house ought to keep in remembrance ; the American war and the French revolution . The former might in some degree be forgotten , but we had still the benefit of the French revolution fresh in our memory , and could not but recollect the manner in which the revolutionists had effected their purposes . Parliamentary Reform was of the same cast and character ; and it was blindness , infatuation , and madness , in the people , to think of relieving themselves by pulling the government to pieces . said , the question of the late inquiry had already been disposed of , and he should therefore limit his observations to the motion only . His right hon . friend who had just sat down had argued this as a measure of Parliamentary Reform , and that the house should therefore reject it as such . There was a notice of a motion on that subject on the books , and when it came forward , it would then be time enough to argue that question . He could have wished that his right hon . friend ,