any interposition whatever ought to have been moved for , it should rather have been that his majesty would inform the house with respect to the progress and state of the negociation . Unknown to the noble , earl ( Selkirk , ) his majesty 's ministers had acted in the very manner which he had thought proper to point out : they had made satisfaction to the Americans , by declaring the conduct of the English officer unjustifiable , but under certain conditions , that the American government should also make reparation for the conduct of their officers . It was his duty not to say how the affair exactly stood ; nor was he disposed to go more at length into the merits of the question . With respect to what the noble earl had stated concerning our maritime rights , he should also decline embracing the discussion , because it was a field of considerable extent ; at the same time , he could not refrain from remarking , that the doctrine laid down was new , and a great part of it very strange to his mind . He had only to observe , that the situation of the United States and this country was such as justly precluded his majesty from making any communication , in the present state of the negociation ; and he was induced to believe their lordships would agree with him in opposing the motion . thought it his duty to trouble the house with a few observations on the question under consideration ; and in doing so , he should take up a very small portion of their time . He certainly concurred with a great part of what had been stated by the noble Secretary , but he could not accord with the proposition that it was unusual or unprecedented for that house or the other house of parliament to interpose their advice to his majesty pending a negotiation . He could adduce several instances where such had been the conduct of parliament . Instances occurred in the reigns of William and Mary , queen Anne , George L , and George II . In 1707 such an interposition had been made to queen Anne , desiring her majesty not to make peace unless the Spanish 352 monarchy and dominions in the Indies should be restored to the house of Austria . Therefore he was well convinced it was agreeable to the constitution , to give advice to his majesty pending a negociation , and in doing so they did not exercise the prerogative itself , but only gave their advice that it might be duly exercised . In regard to the present motion , he did not concur with the noble earl ( Selkirk , ) that the nature of circumstances called for or required that house to interpose its advice on the present occasion . That noble earl had spoken at considerable length upon the maritime rights of Great Britain , and the opinions which he entertained no doubt proceeded from a comprehensive and enlightened mind ; but they did not warrant him in giving them his approbation . He was not disposed to raise our naval superiority into a Sovereignty of the Seas ; he thought it was sufficient for us to maintain that superiority , by recognizing the maritime rights of other nations . That superiority would be best strengthened and the longest maintained , by exercising it upon principles of justice and equity ; by attending strictly to which , we should be the best enabled to increase our own prosperity . wished to explain , that he had not meant to say , it was unprecedented for parliament to interpose its advice pending a negociation , but that it was unprecedented so to interpose its advice , until the house had arrived at a knowledge of the progress and state of the negociation . continued to be of opinion , that there were instances where parliament had interposed its advice without knowing the state of the negociation . After a few words from the earl of Selkirk in reply , the motion was