gent. , and that was , that the other prisoners belonged to the county , and in that respect were less hardly dealt by than Mr. White . The hon . baronet next observed , that it would be in the power of the crown to ruin any particular county by sending thither all the prisoners of the nation . He would venture to say that this was not law , and he was glad that the subject had been brought forward by a gentleman who he was sure would do it justice . in explanation said , that Mr. White had not been sent to Dorchester , merely by the discretionary power of the executive government ; but that this formed part of the sentence of the court . He stated , that the reason for his not averting to the other abuses mentioned by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , was , that these were to come forward at some future period . He had only adverted at present to the practices which had been stated upon grounds not arising out of the Petition . remarked , that all arguments of the hon . baronet were founded on the misconception that the prisoner White had been sent to Dorchester by the executive government ; whereas , the fact was , as had been stated by his learned friend , that this formed part of the sentence of the court . When the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) made a statement , injustice , as he said , to the relatives and friends of Mr. Wakefield , he ought to have recollected that justice was also due to the magistrate.—The right hon . gent , observed , that before the complaints in the Petition were token up by the house , it would be proper , if not necessary , to shew that the individual had resorted to the ordinary means of procuring redress . If the house encouraged this practice of petitioning , without its being shewn that other means of redress had been attempted in vain , it might be made a vehicle of slander . The words of a Judge , giving his opinion in the manner prescribed by an act of parliament , had been complained of , because that opinion was , that the libel was the grossest that had ever been published . And supposing it was so—for so it ought to be taken at present—the house ought not readily to give way to these false accusations . He would , however , not oppose the laying the Petition on the 190 table ; though lie hoped it would form , no ground for any subsequent proceeding . in explanation , said , that he had not spoken under a misconception . He knew that the sending the individual to Dorchester constituted part of the sentence of the court ; but the government having the power of appointing accuser , judge , and jury , any accused person was , in effect , placed at its discretion . These sentences were not , indeed , unprecedented , but they were new since the Revolution . affirmed , that the most respectable freeholders were always summoned for Juries . said he had another Petition from John Harriot Hart , a person confined in Gloucester gaol for the same offence , and who was tried at the same time as Mr. White , as the Printer and Publisher of the Independent Whig . There were two circumstances mentioned in this Petition , which appeared to him to be very severe , and somewhat extraordinary . He complained , that he was prevented from using any fermented liquors . This he thought very hard , for , in many instances , such liquors were deemed absolutely necessary for the preservation of a man 's health , and therefore the indiscriminate and total denial of them seemed very harsh . Another complaint was , that all letters and papers sent to him were subject to inspection . This was very different treatment , and much more severe than that of