well as of the currency in coin , I shall propose that this paper shall be made a legal tender in Ireland equally with the Bank of Ireland paper . I conceive , Sir , it is quite sufficient to make the bank paper of one country current in the other , in order to obtain a common currency of paper , and that it will not be necessary to make Bank of Ireland paper a legal tender in England , because the power of converting Bank of Ireland paper into Bank of England paper in Ireland , which must be the result to a great degree of making the latter a legal tender there to the extent proposed , will give to the Bank of Ireland paper all the qualities of the latter.—These , Sir , are the several measures which I propose to have adopted , as forming a plan calculated to accomplish the assimilation of the currencies of the two countries . And , I feel quite confident , that each of them is not only practicable , but , in every respect calculated so as not to injure any one . I am very well aware of the great difficulty of arranging a plan for such a purpose , and was it not that I find such good authority for every thing that I have proposed , in the report of the Committee of this house and in the precedent of Scotland , I should be very backward in recommending it with the degree of confidence that I now do.—But , before I quit this part of the subject , I beg leave to call the attention of the house to some observations upon the probable operation of this plan . In regard to money on account , or the way in which accounts are stated , it will be optional to adhere to the mode of stating them in Irish currency , or to adopt the money of account in use in England . It certainly will be most convenient to state them in English currency because the money of account will correspond with the money of circulation . In respect to payments of money , those made with guineas , mint silver , or bank notes current for guineas , the operation of making them will be exactly the same as it now is . The guineas , will pay 22s . 9d . Irish currency , 88 just as it now does , the half crown 2s . 8d. , the shilling 1s . 1d . Every one , therefore , receiving or paying rent , or interest money with them , will receive or pay just as much , both nominally and really , as he receives or pays under the present state of things . But payments made with bank notes current for so many pounds British currency , or with the new copper coin will appear to be differently made ; though in reality they will not be so ; for though 12d . of the new coin will pay what 13d . of the present one pays , as 12d . of the new coin will contain as much copperas 13d . of the present coin , the value of 12 pennies of one will be equal to the value of 13 pennies of the other . So the pound note for 20s. , though it will pay what the pound note for 20s . Irish pays together with 1s . 8d . Irish , as it will be worth 20 shillings , and each shilling will be worth 12d . of the new coin , it will be exactly of the same value as the Irish pound note , together with the 1s . 8d . Irish ; and , therefore , the difference in way of making payments with those notes will be a nominal and not real one . For if a landlord shall receive 108l . 6s . 8d . of his rents as staled in Irish currency , by the payments of a note for 100l . of the new currency , he will