his majesty 's ministers had themselves stated ; that it had disappointed the hopes and expectations of the country . Among other causes which contributed to the armistice so unfortunate for the public service , was , the rapid succession of officers appointed to the command.—The noble viscount then adverted to the conduct of Mr. Frere , whose influence on sir John Moore alone induced that gallant general to make the fatal movement he did . Mr. Frere appeared to possess ardour without judgment , and his majesty 's ministers seemed to approve his measures ; measures which compelled sir John Moore to retire with haste , when he had no secure place of retreat , and to seal a life of honour with a death of glory . He agreed with the noble lord who spoke last but one , as to the propriety of supporting , the cause of Spain , while there was the least chance of success , and would on all occasions mark his abhorrence of the atrocious conduct of Buonaparté . He concluded by observing , that , while he gave his majesty 's ministers credit for zeal and sincerity in the Spanish cause , it had been deplorably mismanaged , and yet he confidently trusted was not to be despaired of . said , that the opinions given by noble lords , upon the proper mode of conducting the operations in Spain and Portugal , were so various , that had they been in power , they must have found a difficulty in laying down a plan of operations . One noble lord approved of the troops going to Portugal ; another would have had them at the Pyrenees ; while another recommended the co-operation of flying squadrons . A noble lord would have had them placed , between the Pyrenees and the French army ! But he was at a loss to know , how they were to maintain themselves against the force of Buonaparté ? O ! they were to form a chain of 20,000 men across the Pyrenees , and completely shut them up . This reminded him of a story of a Chemist who had discovered the means to destroy Rattle-snakes , but it unfortunately happened , that the first article to make his recipe was a Rattle-snake , and the difficulty was how to procure one for the purpose ; so with the Pyrenees , it was no doubt desirable to shut them up , but the difficulty was in doing it.—They must first be taken possession of , before the French could be prevented from passing through . The Spaniards desired artillery , arms- 169 ammunition , and money ; they did not want men . Sir Arthur Wellesley was to call at Spain ; he did so ; when he was desired to expel the French from Portugal , which would be the most desirable object . He differed in opinion with the noble viscount , that Spain should be the last place in the world to which troops should be sent . Spain was once great in arms , but she had ceased to be so , since her connection with France , and was no longer a military nation ; hence arose the necessity of sending a British force to her assistance.—He did not conceive it necessary to vindicate the propriety of the expedition to Portugal ; a more brilliant three weeks could not be found in military annals ; he would not therefore detain the house by entering upon it . As to the Convention of Cintra , it did not originate with his majesty 's ministers , neither did they approve it , as might be gathered from what had been said by them in that house . The noble lord then vindicated ministers from any blame in carrying on the operations in Spain . With respect to what had been laid of the conduct of Mr. Frere , he did not think a general like the late sir John Moore would regulate his movements by the instructions he might receive from a man in the situation of Mr. Frere . The