, that they seem rather to confound than to assist inquiry ; to produce these before your lordships in such a manner as to enable you to pronounce that judgment , which the importance of the case requires , and the country expects , would be for me , I fear , almost impossible . I feel , therefore , the necessity , at the outset of what I am about to state , to solicit a more than usual portion of your lordship 's patience and indulgence , while I endeavour to execute a task that I should rather have seen committed to abler hands . But , as no other peer has expressed an intention of standing forward , I feel that I owe it to my country , in this most perilous crisis of her fate , not to suffer the consideration of such a subject to be any longer deferred . It can not be necessary to recal to the recollection of the house the universal sentiment that prevailed on the first news of the people of Spain to an usurpation which , whether on account of the violence and injustice of the act itself , or the fraud and perfidy with which it was accompanied , it is impossible adequately to describe . The sensation was universal ; one universal spirit broke forth , without distinction of rank or party ; and , what was far more calculated to insure the advantage of our assistance , was , that all the generous sympathies of the nation , that love of liberty , hatred of oppression , a sense of the blessings we enjoyed , and a forecast of the struggles we might have to preserve them , all conspired to excite in the breasts of Englishmen , those feelings , which I trust we never shall want when the contest is between justice , freedom , and public independence on the one side , and the highest degree of atrocity and oppression on the other . Accordingly , the feelings of the country in favour of Spain , were universal , and the voice of opposition ceased . A liberal indulgence was given to ministers of what they pleased to demand . All was given that they asked for , under that responsibility which attached to them for the truth of the statement they held forth to the public , and for the solidity of the grounds on which they acted . Under that responsi- 123 bility every thing was granted for the support of that righteous cause in which the country had so enthusiastically embarked . The day is now come when we are bound to ask , in justice to ourselves and the country , what fruits have been derived from those advantages with which ministers set out in the cause of Spain . It is now to be shewn that what was granted liberally has been employed wisely and with a vigour proportionate to the magnitude of the trust . We have a right to expect from ministers this ; first , to shew us that they had sufficient and satisfactory information to justify them in the hopes they held out to us , to aid the resistance of the Spanish nation ; secondly , that , having that information , and being able to shew the grounds on which they acted were solid , their measures were proportioned to the end , and that they acted with energy , firmness , promptitude , and caution—that they have been looking to the affairs of Spain with the eyes of statesmen—that their means were well proportioned to the attainment of the object—and that they acted with that happy union of energy and caution , so indispensibly necessary to ensure success . I was not one of those , who , however inviting the prospect held out to us in the month of May , last year , with respect to Spain , thought that the situation of his majesty 's ministers was not surrounded with difficulties—I could not say , at that time , as had been said upon another occasion in another