constitution ; but it did not follow that that attachment should induce them to approve of all the abuses which had crept into the administration of the constitution . His right hon . friend had exclaimed against the activity of the enemies of the constitution . He did not believe there was any considerable body of men in this country who wished to subvert it . The people collectively were attached to the crown , they were attached to the person of the reigning monarch , and nothing but the egregious misconduct of his ministers , or those about him , could alter that attachment . He had once endeavoured to impress upon the house the necessity of a reform in the representation of the country , but from various circumstances into which it was not necessary to enter , the public mind was then diverted from that question to other objects . The converts to parliamentary reform were now , however , numerous in every part of the country , and if the motion which his noble friend had submitted to the house should be negatived , it was easy to predict that they would become still more numerous . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , had alluded to the state of the question of reform twenty years ago , but he begged of him also to reflect on the events which had occurred in Europe since that period ; events which might be fairly ascribed to a pertinacious resistance of all reform . This unyielding spirit of opposition to reform had been the principal cause of the ruin of the continent . States had fallen , when a trifling concession might have preserved them . The states of Brabant , his right hon . friend would allow , might most probably have been preserved to Austria , had a more liberal policy been pursued by the cabinet of Vienna . With respect to what had been said of the various plans of reform , it was surely absurd to make that an argument for no reform at all . If his right hon . friend should again become a reformer , he was confident , that with his fertile imagination and sceptical doubts , he would be the last man in the country to know when or where to begin . He would tell his right hon . friend , however , that the necessity of re- 254 form was every day becoming greater ; that the house must take up the question , and that if they must reform deeply , it was because they did not reform sooner . agreed with what had fallen from an hon . gent . on the other side of the house , that the character of the house was more to be attended to than the character of any individual whatsoever . He perceived , however , that every gent . who had spoken , entertained a due sense of the manner in which his noble friend had conducted his defence , and did not wish to press any severe sentence upon him . They might then take into their consideration , that the intention of the noble lord was never carried into execution , and that it certainly would have been retracted , if the noble lord had afterwards come to learn the character of the person , and the circumstances of the offer . No man could say the noble lord had conducted himself with contumacious contempt . He had expressed as much humility as he could , consistently with his own honour and the dignity of the house . Every liberal person would acknowledge , that there was a manner of recanting an error which became a man , and the noble lord had a claim on that ground to the good opinion of the house . He , therefore , in voting for the orders of the day , by no means thought the house thereby would pronounce that the case submitted to them was not of very serious importance , but that the voting for the other orders of the day