proof to the contrary , he would contend that the promotion of that noble lord to the rank of a lieutenant colonel was an act of double in- 674 justice to the whole of the army . It was unjust to the senior captain of the West India regiment , by giving the majority to an officer not qualified by military standing , and as from the brevet rank of lieutenant colonel , lord Burghersh would hold in the Portuguese army the rank of brigadier general , he , of course , would be placed over the heads of all the colonels now serving under sir Arthur Wellesley , in Portugal , in any co-operation of the Portuguese troops with the British . Such a statement fully justified him in saying , that the appointment was an act of double injustice to the army . The noble lord had descanted upon the delicacy of interfering with the royal prerogative , and his speech upon that point consisted of a whole series of truisms . But granting him all that he had stated , it still never could be denied , that in that house there existed a right to interfere whenever an exercise of the prerogative took place to the injustice and injury of the state of the public service . Lord Burghersh obtained his ensigncy in December , 1803 , his six years qualification , of course , for the rank of a Field Officer , would not expire until December , 1809 . [ Lord Castlereagh said across the table , that his appointment was in March , 1803 . ] Earl Temple resumed , by stating that the Gazette proved the appointment not to have taken place until the succeeding December . Upon this point he was at issue with the noble lord , and in order to ascertain who was right , the house was bound to adopt the proposition of the hon . mover , by calling for the proper documents to be laid before it . The noble lord had talked much of the distinguished services and peculiar merits of lord Burghersh . He was by no means desirous to undervalue them , although he could by no means warrant this act of flagrant injustice against not only many as deserving officers of military experience , but against the whole military service itself . The term used by the noble secretary was , that lord Burghersh was a rising young officer in his profession ; rising he certainly would be , whilst he continued to receive such efficient and active assistance from his majesty 's ministers . But when he heard so much stress laid upon the services of lord Burghersh , he believed , on inquiry , that he had never performed any regimental service ; that , in fact , he had never joined his regiment . It was true that he had volunteered his services on an expedition to the Dardanelles , whilst his regiment was in 675 Sicily ; but it could not be therefore contended , that such a circumstance warranted an act of injustice to many others , equally solicitous to seek service , and who were constantly devoted to the exercise of their regimental duties . The permissions to volunteer were favours conferred upon lord Burghersh , but could not be therefore converted into any claims of his , injurious to the general advancement of the army . It would also be seen , that all his gradations in rank were obtained without purchase . Those , again , were favours conferred , but constituted no claim to the detriment and disadvantage of others . It was under these circumstances that he considered the house bound to persist in calling for the further information sought for by the hon . mover , in order that it might know who advised that act of flagrant injustice . , in explanation , stated that the 24 British officers appointed to serve in the Portuguese army were obliged to give up the commissions they held in this service ; and although he could not then say whether the vacancy of