Ireland , and he would see that the grand obstacle to all rational reform was this very Reversion system . Had it been in time abolished , they and the public would not now be pressed as they were by the multitude of places held in Reversion both here and in Ireland . The right hon . gent . had objected also in point of time to this bill . What was there then so very pressing between this session and the next to prevent its present discussion ? He knew of nothing . The case would indeed have been altered , had it been a new measure unconsidered of , and never before the subject of discussion ; but this , which had been repeatedly argued , and which had been even carried unanimously in that house , could surely now not need much time for deliberation . It could not need the reflection of a year to mature it . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had however even gone to his study for the purpose of objections , and had found out in his researches a notice of a motion on the Order Book . Now he could not anticipate what might be the matter or object of that motion , and so should not have made it the ground of an objection . For his part , he hoped , that motion would treat of many more subjects , and take a much more comprehensive scope , than that which the Reversion topic afforded . But even suppose it did treat of places in Reversion , how did that or could it militate against the present Bill ? —Leaving these objections , if , indeed , they could be called objections , quite out of the way , there was one point which he should consider as conclusive on the subject , and that was the respect due to the house of lords ; this was a Bill on which , although there existed but one opinion in the lower house , still in the upper one much difference was known to exist . Why not give them time , then , for full and mature deliberation ? The importance of this Bill had even been attempted to be deprecated ; and the right hon . gent , chose to denominate it a specious pretext of reform ! When it was first brought forward , however , even he agreed to it , and of course if it was only a specious pretext of reform , he in supporting it aided its speciousness , and abandoned his duty.—He entertained a very different opinion of it , and therefore would give it his most hearty support ; he would support it now , 199 too , because he respected the house of lords , and did not see the necessity of delay in the commons , where the minds of all were unanimous on the measure . remarked strongly upon the silence of ministers , whose speeches were withheld , but whose opinions might , be guessed at . One right hon . gent , alone delivered his sentiments on the measure , who pretended not to be unfriendly to it , but to object to it only on the point of time , while others opposed it in silence . He was of opinion , not only that the measure was in time , but that it was in strict parliamentary time . He was of course reduced to the necessity of stating his own opinions generally on the bill ; answer objections he could not , for none had been made . One point , indeed , and one only had been made , and that was , as be had just stated , with respect to time ; the six weeks of next session would , it was said , be sufficient for the discussion of the bill , and were purposely allowed for it . The six weeks were allowed for no such purpose ; but they were allowed to guard the house against a strained exertion of the