table . [ Here lord Erskine read an extract . ] Mr. Young , of Trinity college Cambridge , has also published an excellent treatise on the subject ; and many of the most worthy and respectable of the clergy have done honour to their sacred functions , by impressing upon their congregations the divine commands , as it regards this important duty . Every other branch of our duties , when subject to frequent violation , has been recognized and inculcated by our laws ; and the breaches of them repressed by punishments . And why not in this , where our duties are so important , so universally extended , and the breaches of them so frequent and so abominable ? —But in what I am proposing to your lordships , disinterested virtue , as in all other cases , will have its own certain reward . The humanity you shall extend to the lower creation will come abundantly round in its consequences to the whole human race . The moral sense which this law will awaken and inculcate , can not but have a most powerful effect upon our feelings and sympathies for one another . The violences and outrages committed by the lower orders of the people are offences more owing to want of thought and reflection , than to any malignant principle , and whatever , therefore , sets them a thinking upon the duties of humanity , more espe- 557 cially where they have no rivalries nor resentments , and where there is a peculiar generosity in forbearance and compassion , has an evident tendency to soften their natures , and to moderate their passions in their dealings with one another.—The effect of laws which promulgate a sound moral principle is incalculable ; I have traced it in a thousand instances , and it is impossible to describe its value . My lords , it was in consequence of these simple views , and on those indisputable principles , that I have framed the preamble of the very short bill which I now present for a second reading to the house . I might , without preamble or preface , have proposed at once to enact , if not to declare , wilful and wanton cruelty to the animals comprehended in it to be a misdemeanor , looking as I now do to the Commons , to enforce the sanction of the law by pecuniary penalties . But then the grand efficacious principle would have been obscured ; which , if fortunately adopted by your lordships , will enact this law as a spontaneous rule , in the mind of every man who reads it—which will make every human bosom a sanctuary against cruelty—which will extend the influence of a British statute beyond even the vast bounds of British jurisdiction , and consecrate , perhaps , in all nations , and in all ages , that just and eternal principle which binds the whole living world in one harmonious chain , under the dominion of enlightened man , the lord and governor of all . I will now read to your lordships the preamble as I have framed it : `` Whereas it has pleased Almighty God to subdue to the dominion , use , and comfort of man , the strength and faculties of many useful animals , and to provide others for his food ; and whereas the abuse of that dominion by cruel and oppressive treatment of such animals , is not only highly unjust and immoral , but most pernicious in its example , having an evident tendency to harden the heart against the natural feelings of humanity . '' This preamble may be objected to as too solemn and unusual in its language ; but it must be recollected that the subject of the bill is most peculiar and unusual ; and it being impossible to give practicable effect to the principle in its full extent , it became the more necessary , in creating a duty of imperfect obligation where legal restraints would be inefficacious or impossible , to employ language calculated to make the deepest impression upon