, or he would not for much more than 300,000l . sacrifice the victims it occasioned ; but after the great men who had preceded his right hon . friend in the administration of the country had persuaded themselves it might , be , and had had been , put an end to , without this being the case , he thought his right hon . friend flattered himself in supposing , that he could do it effectually . Insurance , however , was not the only evil of lotteries . By dividing tickets into small shares , a spirit of gambling was disseminated , which was attended with the most serious evils to the lower classes . If they came to the question of the productiveness of the lottery tax , it would be found to have diminished from 600,000l . to 300,000l . and there was never any thing more true than that the sum which appeared to be sacrificed to morality would be far more than repaid other ways . By suppressing lotteries many would remain to enrich the country with their labours , whom the lottery would reduce into habits of idleness and extravagance . Where there was one instance of suicide and robbery consequent upon lotteries , there were a thousand instances of smaller evils . Often when the consequences of this practice did not lead to suicide , they went to destroy the seeds of happiness and of domestic enjoyment , and even these he thought it worth an effort in that house to preserve . It was 18 or 20 years ago , since the hon . member had first divided upon this question , and this lapse of time found his opinion unchanged . He had always protested against the measure , and now that its profits were so small , he hoped it would be dropped . expressed himself satisfied with the explanation given with respect to Sweden , and his coincidence in sentiment with Mr. Ponsonby on the affairs of Austria . He however disapproved of the Loan , which he considered as less advantageous in the 4 and 5 per cents . than it would have been in the 3 per cents . The present system made too great a fund of the 4 per cents . He commented upon the enormousness of the demand for the expences of the army ; and wished to direct the views of economists to the diminution of the standing army . He desired the house not to do any thing in a moment of heat respecting Lotteries , and wished to know if the same scale of exemptions and contributions on the Income Tax were to remain as last year . said there were to be no new statutes this year respecting the Income Tax , they would act upon old laws . thought it useless to enter into the question respecting lotteries at that time : whatever might be their decision , it would be of little importance , as the subject would be brought before the house , when they would have an opportunity of expressing their sentiments of the measure . The hon . gent . proceeded to shew it would not have been an advantage to the country , had the loan been negociated in the 3 per cents , as had been suggested : for if the interest were less , it should be remembered , that as the capital grew larger , the amount of the sinking fund would increase , and consequently such an arrangement would not appear eminently economical . He concluded , defending the propriety of funding Exehequer Bills in the 5 per cents . was extremely sorry to hear his right honourable friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) treat the case of the Lottery as if it fell as a matter of course , to form part of the service of the year , without seeming to pay any attention to the Report of the Committee on that subject . The hon . baronet behind him had talked of not doing any thing in a moment of heat . Did