placed , in the peculiar circumstance of being called upon to answer for that , which he must have known many to have done with impunity ; but let it be remembered , that till now there was no detection , and that from a continuance of the impunity may follow much greater climes . Here , however , is a case brought 210 before the house , sustained by incontrovertible evidence ; and it is impossible that any palliation , drawn from such sources as I have alluded to , can have any effect upon the decision . Sure I am that they can not avail out of doors . But there is a peculiarity in this case which renders such palliatives still less available . For I must notice the variety of situations in which the noble lord should have felt himself particularly bound to resist , much more to abstain , from such odious traffic . The noble lord was concerned in assenting to the Resolutions which are usually passed against the proceedings which this traffic involves—he was also a party to the various legislative provisions enacted against them—he could not be ignorant of the numerous prohibitory statutes to be found on our books . He was also bound , as a member of the house , to protect its purity , and as a member of the government to uphold the dignity of that government . But he proved his indifference to the fame of government and to the independence and purity of the house—to the preservation of his own character , and to the prescription of the law of his country . If such a flagrant case can admit of aggravation , it is furnished by the offer of the noble lord with regard to the Writership . What ! that the President of the Board which was specially instituted for the purpose of controlling and checking corruption in the management of the affairs of India , should himself become a principal minister of corruption ! Here his corruption appeared two-fold ; first , with regard to this house ; and , secondly , with regard to the India Company ; equally betraying in both , an indifference to character and to duty.—In one part of the noble lord 's Evidence I find a statement , from which it appears , that a list of the situations in his disposal , and patronage at the India house , was laid before the Committee . Now I am at a loss to know what the noble lord 's patronage was in that situation , or under what law or regulation he had any right to any patronage . I do not find that any such right is conferred upon him by the statute which created the Board over which he presided . How , then , did the noble lord obtain this patronage ? Was it the result of compromise or usurpation ? I should wish to have some information upon this head from the noble lord , or some one near him . I rather apprehend this patronage is an abuse , as it is not granted , nay is actually prohibited , as I have stated , by the act appointing the 211 Board of Controul . I require , however , no information to satisfy my mind , that however the patronage was originally obtained , it was attempted , in this instance , to dispose of it in a corrupt manner . For the noble lord was guilty of an infraction of the law prevailing at the India house , by the mode in which he would apply this Writership . It will not , I apprehend , be maintained , that the noble lord 's disposition of patronage was not subject to the same rules and regulations which applied to the patronage of the Directors of the India house . It will not be pretended that the noble lord had any privilege or patent of exemption from these rules and regulations . If I am not correct in this supposition , I hope that some person on the other side will