the government to pieces . This is more especially exemplified in that worst and most pernicious species of abuses , though by far the least complained of , the abuse of patronage . But the great mass of abuse , that which forms nine-tenths , at least , or , more probably , ninety-nine hundredths of the whole , and which alone directly affects the pockets of the people , both begins and ends with the people themselves , and consists of the frauds , impositions , embezzlements , and peculations , committed by the tribes of officers , high and low ; ( with the exception only of the highest ) ; who , though employed in the public service , must still , in every rational view , be considered as part of the people , as well as by all those , who , not being in any , even the most subordinate office , have still occasional dealings with the public , or opportunities in some way or other of turning its interests to their account . The mode proposed for putting a stop to these abuses , is to reform the parliament ; that is to say , to have a scheme of representation , which while it arises equally out of the people , shall be the result of a greater ferment on the parts nearest the bottom . Could it be believed , without proof from the fact , that men could be found seriously to indulge speculations so destitute of every foundation in reason or common sense ? The reform wanted , is either a reform of the whole people , which it is childish to hope , or a reform in the government , by arming it with such new powers , as would be wholly incompatible with the nature of our free constitution . There are but three ways in which mankind can be governed ; by 769 their virtues , their interests , or their fears . To be able to govern men by their sense and their virtues is unquestionably the best of all . If men will be ready always to support gratuitously what they think right , and to oppose nothing but what they conscientiously believe to be wrong , the task of government would comparatively be easy , and corruption without excuse . The minister would have nothing to do but to choose right measures ; and the merit of the measure might be expected to ensure its success . But if the fact should be , that there are numbers who can not be brought to support even what they themselves approve without being paid for it , and who , if they have not been so paid , or think they can get better payment elsewhere ( whether that payment consist in place , or money , or popular applause , or the gratification of some malignant or selfish passion , ) will combine and cabal , and create every sort of obstruction and impediment , there is then no other way , in a free government , for the purpose of carrying on the public service , but to gain over such persons by their interests , which , in the language of the time , is to be guilty of corruption , but a corruption surely of which the guilt can not fairly be charged on the government . In governments indeed of another sort , such as that which makes so conspicuous a figure in the present times , I mean the government of Buonaparté , the case is altogether different : and no more necessity exists for corruption than in a nation of men perfectly wise and virtuous . He ( Buonaparté ) is under no necessity to bribe men 's concurrence to measures that are for the interest of the country , and has , moreover , methods far more effectual than any which free countries possess , to prevent the abuses arising from fraud , or peculations . A man who could hang without ceremony a custom-house officer who should be found conniving at any fraud on