specific purposes for which they were granted ; and that others were entirely inadequate to the objects they were intended to effect . This was particularly the case with regard to the Swedish subsidy . At the very time that they were projecting retrenchments in the Civil List , they were in the constant practice of remitting sums to Sweden equal to the whole amount of that branch of the national expenditure . The treaty with Sweden , according to the statements of ministers , had three objects in view . In the first place we were to obtain by it a greater facility for commercial arrangements , and specific advantages that should enable us the better to enforce the Orders in Council ; and yet it was found that no commercial arrangement whatever had taken place , from that time to this between Sweden and this country ; secondly we were to adopt and establish such a military concert with that power , as would enable her to carry on a successful war . Need it be asked what was done en this head , where a large military armament had been sent out from this country without being permitted to effect any thing ? The present condition of Sweden shewed 539 how that particular object of the treaty had succeeded . The third object was to provide for the maintenance and pay of the Swedish army . The recent Revolution would show that object was answered . And here he must express , his most poignant regret at the fate of that unhappy monarch , ( for whatever might be his opinion of the policy and government of the king of Sweden , it was impossible not to feel for and lament fallen greatness ) a fate which had been brought on by his inability to pay and to maintain his army . It appeared , therefore , that no one object of the treaty was answered ; but the very reverse of what was proposed , and confidently expected , took place . With this example staring them in the face , and the considerations arising out of the particular circumstances of the times , and the state of this country , the house would be cautious how they sanctioned the system of subsidies . He wished it not to be supposed , from what he said , that he meant to express an absolute condemnation of the principle . He had no such intention . On the contrary , should an occasion arise to justify such an application of British resources , he would consent to very great sacrifices . To the Loan itself , and the principles upon which it was negociated , as well as the mode proposed for meeting the charges upon it , he gave his cordial approbation and concurrence . He was happy to find that the right hon . gent . had adopted the plan of not adding , during the year , to the burthens of the people . He could not , however , entirely approve the intention of mortgaging any part of the war taxes without providing an adequate fund for its speedy redemption . It would , he was persuaded , be productive , though not immediately perhaps , of much inconvenience . Besides an indefinite mortgage of these particular taxes might tend to excite an apprehension that they would be ultimately converted into permanent burthens . The practice , also , tended to undermine and weaken those great means and sinews of war . When a similar mode was proposed by him , it was with a view that it should be combined with a meliorating principle , by which its inconveniences would be gradually but rapidly remedied . With regard to the terms of the loan , he partook in the general satisfaction of the house . They were convincing proofs of the confidence and prosperity of the country . Although he might perhaps entertain some objections to the 540 particular funds in which the loan had been effected , he could not withhold expressing how happy he felt at so decided a proof