, and Mr. Whitbread , the previous question was negatived without a division , and the vote for the monument was carried nem . con . rose to move , that a committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the house of lords as far as related to any Standing Order with respect to the introduction of Divorce Bills into the upper house . He commented at some length on the hard- 613 ship of prohibiting any Divorce Bill from being admitted into the house of lords , unless such bill contained a clause prohibiting the intermarriage of the criminal parties . This , the noble lord contended , was calling upon an individual to mix and confound his own particular interests with an alledged great public object ; it was violating that just principle of regulation observed in the lower house , by which a certain time was appropriated to private business , and the rest to public . He thought , too , that it was a measure of unparalleled cruelty to some individuals , who would be thereby deprived of all hope , and abandoned to a life of despair , exclusion and penance , that the hardiest of their seducers would shrink from the bare contemplation of ; besides that , there was in the nature of such an Order an unwarrantable interference with the privileges of that house . He concluded by moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords ' Journals for any Standing Order adopted in the present session on the subject of Divorce Bills . '' could not follow the noble lord 's argument to the conclusion which had been drawn from it . The alarm which the noble lord desired to excite on this subject appeared to him most unfounded . There could be no doubt that the lords had the power to introduce such a clause into a bill , without any Standing Order ; and this house had nothing further to do with it than to canvass the propriety of the clause when it came up in any bill . The order , he said , did not provide that the bill should not go out of the house without such a clause ; but went merely to regulate the mode in which Divorce Bills should be introduced . The lords had nothing more than abridge their own privileges to a certain extent . Both houses were perfectly competent to regulate their own modes of proceeding . They had nothing to do with bills till they came before them . This was a regulation binding merely upon the lords themselves . He therefore objected to the motion . thought the stile of argument of the right hon . gent , very extraordinary . He said that it was a regulation as to the introduction of bills ; but the meaning was , that no bill should go out of the house of lords without such a clause . The object was , to compel this house either to do individual injustice by rejecting a bill , or to pass it with this clause . This , 614 therefore , was an attempt to force legislation on the house of commons . It was a general measure of legislation ; and an attempt to force this house to legislate according to the views of the house of lords . This was a most unconstitutional proceeding , highly derogatory to the other branches of parliament , and ought to be resented by this house . contended , that the motion ought to be adopted , in order to see what the exact nature of the order was . If it should be found that it had any effect on the privileges of this house , then this house would have to consider how it should defend itself . He argued strongly upon the unfairness of not being permitted to discuss any individual case , without being shackled by such a clause as this . No evil could arise from an inquiry into the nature of the case ; and there was sufficient ground to authorize such