they when viewed with reference to their effects upon religion . They are the source of perpetual strife and ill will , and the cause of inveterate and incurable disagreements between the clergymen and his parishioners ; and by being so , they materially affect his ecclesiastical character , and tend to defeat the sole object of ecclesiastical persons . They are a powerful cause of many quitting the church , and creating new sectaries , and are unquestionably one great source of the decrease of religion and morals . But , 634 Sir , if there are these objections to Tithes generally in whatever country they exist , how aggrieved must the people of Ireland be by them , when of the whole people 1-10th belong to the established church ? I have the authority of the most recent enquiries into the population of Ireland to take it at five millions , and that the Catholics are to the Protestants as 4 to 1 . And I can quote the authority of Dr. Woodward , late bishop of Cloyne , to shew , that of the Protestants , one half are Dissenters from the established church . I feel that it is not necessary to add one word more to prove how repugnant Tithes must be to the people of Ireland.—And now , Sir , after what I have said of the poverty of those who have to pay Tithes in Ireland ; of the manner in which they are collected , and of the people not belonging to the church for whose support Tithes have been established , is it wonderful that a succession of outrage and insurrection should have disgraced the page of Irish history ? And here , Sir , I must take the liberty of saying , that it is not to the people that the blame of these insurrections attaches , but to the law which has established the system of Tithes , and heaped regulation upon regulation to compel the payment of them . I can not refer to more decisive proof of the influence which Tithes have always had in leading people into a resistance to the laws , than to the evidence of Dr. M'Nevin , one of the principal leaders in the rebellion of 1798 : 'Speaker . Do you remember Mr. Grattan 's motion about Tithes ; was not that a short cut towards putting down the established church ? M'Nevin . If the stability of the established church depends on the payment of Tithes , the church stands on a weaker foundation than in civility I would have said of it ; but sure I am , Sir , that if Tithes had been commuted according to Mr. Grattan 's plan , a very powerful engine would have been taken out of our hands . ' I have now , Sir , only to add one more argument in favour of the claims of the people of Ireland for redress of the grievances of Tithes . Mr. Pitt , Sir , when he proposed to the people of Ireland the measure of Union , in a speech which was circulated at the expence of government , did hold out to them that some mode should be adopted for relieving the lower orders from the pressure of Tithes , which , according to his expressions , `` operate as against practical evil. '' . 635 This offer on his part was considered by the people of Ireland as a part of the Union compact ; for though not made an article of the Union , under the circumstances in which Mr. Pitt stood as minister of this country , and particularly under the circumstances of the publication of his speech by the Irish government , no other construction can in justice be given to the transaction , than that it amounted to a promise to the people of Ireland , and which promise the people of this country have yet to redeem . Before I sit down , Sir , I must request that his majesty 's ministers will seriously contemplate upon the consequences of refusing to grant redress