coming into that house to signalize themselves in supporting the real interests and liberties of the country . If Parliamentary Reform were to lessen the number of such individuals , he should dread that loss as much as any man ; but he was inclined to think that the agitation of this question would always be productive of good ; and if at any time he was again called upon to give an opinion upon that subject , he should do it at greater length . He believed , that unless an oath were introduced into the present bill , to exclude promises of dignities and influence , as well as money , it would have no beneficial effect ; but with that amendment , it might , lead to considerable advantage , by operating as a silent check upon ministers . At all events he was persuaded , that the bill coming , as it did , upon the backs of the transactions , which they had witnessed of late , must be pro- 723 ductive of great benefit ; and therefore he should vote for going into the Committee . said , he should not follow the example set him , by going into the question of Parliamentary Reform , but should merely touch upon the motives which induced him to think this bill should be allowed to go into a committee . A more imperfect bill he had never before read , and more objectionable clauses were never before put upon paper , and therefore as he had no objection to the discussion of the principle adopted by his hon . colleague , he should wish it to be committed , in order that it might be more fully discussed and amended . He was sure that if this were a question for the third reading of such a bill , he should give it a hearty negative . differed in sentiments from those , who had spoken before him ; he thought that property and power should invariably be connected together , for without that connection , no peace could be maintained in society . Corruption , influence , and property , were as closely connected as usury and money . Formerly , the taking of interest for money was invariably denominated usury , and it was not till after the lapse of many years , that the proper line was drawn in regard to that most important article , the loan of money and the recognition of a legal rate of interest , in a commercial country . Now the same mistake seemed to have taken place in regard to influence and money , as formerly in regard to interest and usury . Property must necessarily give a person influence , and the latter would naturally tend to procure returns of members to parliament . The landed interest was no doubt the great leading interest ; but there were other interests which should have the opportunity of obtaining seats , to a certain extent , in that house , as they could render essential service to the country , by expressing their opinions there , even as connected with their own interest . Some individuals objected to the state of representation , because some small places sent an equal number of members to parliament as larger ones ; but it would , upon examination , be found , that great advantage arose to the country by , this being the case . Most of the small boroughs sent to parliament merchants , and gentlemen of the army and navy , who otherwise could not get seats in that house . Those who adverted to the great advantages of commerce to the country , and the dangers 724 arising from too large a standing army , must be convinced of the propriety of such individuals as these having seats in parliament If these small boroughs were to be done away , he could not see why members should not be sent to that house to represent our possessions in America , and also our East and West India possessions . Persons even possessed of large properties