the human mind , so as to produce , 558 perhaps , more than the effect of law , where the ordinary sanctions of law were wanting . It may be now asked , my lords , why , if the principle of the bill be justly unfolded by this preamble , the enacting part falls so very short of protecting the whole animal world , or at all events these parts of it which come within the reach of man , and which may be subject to abuse . To that I answer—It does protect them to a certain degree , by the very principle which I have been submitting to your consideration , and to protect them further , would be found to be attended with insurmountable difficulties , and the whole bill might be wrecked by an impracticable effort to extend it . But I shall be happy to follow others in the attempt . The bill , however , as it regards all animals , creates a duty of imperfect obligation , and your lordships are very well aware that there are very many and most manifest and important moral duties , the breaches of which human laws can not practically deal with , and this I fear will be found to be the case in the subject now under consideration . Animals living in a state of nature would soon over-run the earth , and eat up and consume all the sustenance of man , if not kept down by the ordinary pursuits and destruction of them , by the only means in which they can be kept down and destroyed ; and it is remarkable that other animals have been formed by nature , with most manifest instincts to assist us in this necessary exercise of dominion ; and indeed , without the act of man , these animals would themselves prey upon one another , and thus be visited by death , the inevitable lot of all created things , in more painful and frightful shapes . They have , besides , no knowledge of the future , and their end , when appropriated fitly for our food , is without prolonged suffering . This economy of providence , as it regards animals , which from age to age have lived in an unreclaimed state , devoted to the use of man and of each other , may serve to reconcile the mind to that mysterious state of things in the present fallen and imperfect condition of the world.—This state of wild animals is further strikingly illustrated by the view of such of them as have been spared from the humane huntsman , or the more numerous tribes of animals of prey . They are swept away by the elements in hard winters , retiring , as most of them do , to a solitary , protracted , and painful death.—Old age , my lords , even amongst men , is but a rare blessing ; 559 amongst such brutes , perhaps never . Old age can only be supported in comfort by that aid and tenderness from others , arising from the consciousness of those ties of nature , which it has not pleased the divine providence to dispense to the lower world , but which , as the greatest of all blessings , it has communicated to man . When the brutes have fulfilled their duties to their young , for their protection , they know them no more , and die of old age , or cold , or hunger , in view of one another , without sympathy , or mutual assistance , or comfort.—It is the same to a certain extent with regard to those reclaimed animals devoted to man 's use for food , whose faculties , as far as our observation is capable of a just comparison , approach nearer to human reason . The old age even of such animals , for the reasons adverted to , would seldom be satisfactory . When they pass , therefore , from life to death , in a manner which gives them no foretaste of their doom ,