order to their examination as to the consequences likely to result to the sick from such a structure as that of col. Gordon , by whom it was designed to erect a wall eight feet high between his ground and the infirmary.—The motion being read , rose and said , that as one of the Commissioners for superintending the concerns of Chelsea Hospital , he felt it his duty to pay every possible attention to the comforts of the meritorious persons resident therein ; and he was certain that such also was the feeling of all his col- 36 leagues . In consequence , therefore , of the representation of Dr. Moseley , the physician to the Hospital , that an infirmary was much wanted , it being inconvenient to have the sick placed at the top of the hospital , the lease of the ground alluded to was purchased . Of this ground , all that was deemed necessary by the architect , or the medical men , was set apart for an infirmary , which was accordingly erected ; and if all the ground had been required it would have been so appropriated : for the ground which remained , col. Gordon , it appeared , presented a Memorial to the Treasury , tendering terms for a lease of it . The Surveyor-General , as was usual in all cases with regard to Crown Lands , was ordered to make a Report as to the value of the ground bid for by col. Gordon , and when the Report was made according to the tenor of the act , the application of that officer was complied with , but upon terms different from those he had originally proposed . The hon . baronet was , no doubt , aware that it was open to any other person to bid for this land . According to the act introduced by Mr. Pitt in 1794 , to regulate the disposal of Crown Lands , it was enacted , that it should be referred to the Surveyor General to inquire as to the value of any such land about to be let , and that two Surveyors should swear to that value , before the Treasury should dispose of it . All those enactments had been complied with in this transaction , and therefore , if the hon . baronet would complain , his complaint must apply to the act . So far from the contract with col. Gordon being objectionable , he really believed , that if the ground had been put up at public auction , better terms could not be obtained for it . This was so strongly his impression , and he also thought any complaint relative to the hospital so groundless , that he was fully inclined to think , that when all the papers connected with the business were laid before the house , the hon . baronet himself would feel the propriety of declining to take any further proceeding upon it . The fact was , that there was but a small piece of this ground fit for building upon , the remainder being made ground for gardens.—The right hon . gent . asssured the house that as much of this ground had been set apart for the purpose of the Infirmary as the Surveyor General and the medical gentlemen thought necessary . Every care was taken to guard that building against any inconvenience . To the 37 production of the papers moved for by the hon . baronet he could have no objection . But he would move for other papers , in order that the house should be enabled to understand the whole of the case . He would move for Copies of the Report of the Surveyor General , with that of the Surveyors who valued the land ; and when these papers should be laid before the house , he was confident that it would clearly appear there was no foundation for denominating this transaction a job . said , that having accompanied the hon . baronet to view the premisses to which the motion alluded , he was enabled