if he possesses one latent spark of generosity , to deter him from an injury , for which all pretence to reparation is precluded ; and undoubtedly , in many instances , it will have that effect.—We are told , however , by some , that it would be a more effectual discouragement to adultery , if the offending parties were compelled to intermarry . This suggestion , taken as an epigram , is not remarkable either for its novelty , its truth , or its wit ; taken seriously , it would be a monstrous system of state policy to enable women to change their husbands as often as vice , caprice , or interest , might dictate . The process would be short and simple , and would of course be consummated , by the special intervention of parliament , on the very day of the royal assent to the bill of divorce.—But how will the prohibition operate on the unfortunate objects of seduction ? There is a phrase of hackneyed levity , that `` the woman who deliberates is lost ? '' but it 329 had been well said by a noble earl ( Buckinghamshire ) when this subject was debated heretofore , that when the prohibition in question shall be established , every woman who deliberates will be saved . Irretrievable ruin will present itself to her view.—It is no objection to the measure that it will not extend to the case of a married seducer . If he can contrive to break the heart of his deserted wife , the prohibition will eventually apply.—Still less is it an objection , that a standing order is less extensively binding than an act of parliament . It will be equally binding on ourselves as a rule for our proceeding , unless special cases can be imagined in which we should think it right to make an exception . And this mode is consonant to evident reason , and to the practice of both houses of parliament , in respect to each other . A reference to the Journals ( from winch lord Auckland stated several precedents ) would shew the undoubted truth of this assertion . The proposition itself was not new . It had been brought forward first by the duke of Athol , in the form of a bill , in 1770 : and again by the present bishop of Durham , in 1779 ; and for the third time in 1800 . Their lordships ' house , had always passed the bill ; but it had not received the concurrence of the house of commons.—In conclusion he trusted that he had shewn the measure in question to be right in its principle , expedient in its tendency , and correct in its mode . He did not seek to punish excesses , but to prevent them . It was nut his wish to aggravate the sufferings of the unfortunate victim of adulterous seduction ; but in the words of the poet `` To teach the unblemish 'd to preserve with care `` That purity , whose loss is loss of all . '' He then made the following motion : `` Ordered , that no Bill , grounded on a Petition to this house to dissolve a marriage for the cause of adultery , and to enable the petitioner to marry again , shall be received by this house , unless a provision be inserted in such bill , that it shall not be lawful for the person , whose marriage with the petitioner shall be dissolved , to intermarry with any offending party , on account of whose adultery with such person , it shall be therein enacted , that such marriage shall be so dissolved . Provided , that if at the time of exhibiting the said bill , such offending party or parties shall be dead , such provision as aforesaid shall not be inserted in the said bill . '' expressed himself as having no inclination to oppose the motion of the noble lord , but was rather disposed to have gone still further in any measure , which might