to indemnify him or her as to any penalty to which they might be subject under the act ; the reward to be paid by the person transgressing , and not to be less than 200l.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer objected to the amendment , and pointed out many inconveniencies that would result from its adoption . Lord Folkestone acquiesced in the objection , and suggested that the chairman should report progress.—On the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the clause relating to opening houses for the sale of places , and advertising and printing the same , was rejected ; and two clauses introduced in place thereof.—The bill was ordered to be reported on Monday . rose , pursuant to his notice of yesterday , to call the attention of the house to a subject which , in point of its principle , deeply involved their most valuable privileges . It appeared , by an account laid upon the table by order , of the house , that in the month of May , in the , course of the last sessions , a system had begun to be acted upon , which called for the most serious interpositon of that house : at that period money had been issued to foreign ministers without the consent of the commons house of parliament . It appeared that the sum of 5,000l . had been given to Mr. Chinnery , to be by him handed over to the Chevalier Souza , for the purpose of affording assistance to the Portuguese emigrants , and of defraying the expences of the passage of Portuguese families to South America . Upon the 3d of June following , another 5,000l . was devoted in a similar manner to the same object . On the 21st of July there was an additional grant , and afterwards , during the recess , several sums of money , amounting in the whole to 85,000l . As to the expediency of the issue then made , he was yet to learn , not having received any information respecting it ; but this , however , he well knew , that there was not in the course of the late sessions any service voted to which such an application could have any reference ; it was therefore his intention to call upon the house to come to a Declaratory Resolution , in the spirit of that principle adopted by their ancestors , and in conformity to that practical lesson taught them in the course of a contest for a century , with the encroachments of the crown , while parliament was sitting . For two months the public money was issued in different sums , without any application having been made to that parliament , though they were then sitting . He knew of no exception to the great rule , that was not made out by the most urgent necessity ; a deviation had been made in cases of imperious necessity , but even in these there was no analogy to justify the proceeding of which he now complained . In the case of the 13th of May in the year 1711 , the money applied had been voted by parliament , but the error here was , that it had been applied to a different service from that to which parliament had voted it , though the service to 273 which it was applied had been also voted by parliament . Such a case , which was only a transfer , could not be adduced as a precedent for the present one , where the service had never been voted by that house ; had never been considered ; had never been contemplated by it ; nor were they to be told , that in consequence of the pressing exigencies of the times ; of the critical state of public affairs ; of the great necessity for dispatch , that it was extremely difficult to act up to the good old constitutional principles , of which that house was bound to be the jealous guardian . In proportion as they relaxed from those principles , in