order of the day , I conceive the objections which have been made against it in that respect to be wholly-groundless and indefensible . laid on the table the two letters from admiral Apodaça to Mr. Secretary Canning , which he moved for yesterday , and which were ordered to be printed . His lordship took the opportunity of observing with respect to some correspondence between the Junta of Gallicia and capt . Kennedy , which was stated by earl Grey , on the preceding day , to be wanting , that the letters alluded to were not in the possession of government , but as capt . Kennedy was in town , he would endeavour to procure some explanation from him . said a few words with respect to the Letters of Mr. Frere to sir John Moore , which had formerly been represented by the noble secretary of state as unimportant , but which on their production were found to be of great importance ; and he could not accord with the denomination attached to them by noble lords opposite , of their being letters of a private nature . They had certainly exhibited very extraordinary conduct in our minister at Madrid , who had written in so very peculiar terms to sir John Moore , whereby that illustrious general was involuntarily induced to march further than Salamanca , and , unfortunately for his country , afterwards lost his life . He felt it certainly an invidious task to impute improper conduct to any individual , but such had been that of Mr. Frere , he thought the house would be wanting in their duty , if they did not speedily move an Address to his majesty for the immediate recal of that minister ; it was a duty they owed to the memory of the illustrious and gallant officer sir J. Moore . He conceived it incumbent to bring this particular subject very soon under the consideration of the house . With regard to these Letters also , their importance was such as to remove every blame contrived to be attached to the conduct of that lamented commander , and clearly to shew it was to be imputed wholly to another quarter . said , he wished to be clearly understood with respect to what he had stated on a former occasion . It would be in their lordships recollection , that he had not asserted the Letters referred to were of no importance , he merely stated , they would be found not material ; with respect to sir John Moore 's 70 further march from Salamanca , true it was , he entertained an opinion that sir John Moore had acted wisely under all circumstances in proceeding further at the time , but he was still disposed to differ from noble lords opposite that sir John Moors was not led to do so by any letter sent to him from Mr. Frere . When he had also described the letters to be private , he had defined in what way he meant to use that expression . He merely applied that word to the form in which they were received , and not to the subject matter of their contents . He thought it proper to rise for the purpose of giving this explanation , but he was not disposed to be drawn into any collateral discussion on this question , as next Friday the whole of it would come before the house . was surprised how any one could peruse the letters referred to , and the answers of sir John Moore , and maintain that he had not been driven against his own inclination to march further than Salamanca . If he recollected correctly what had been stated by the noble secretary , respecting the letters being of a private nature , he certainly understood him to have expressed himself differently at the time . He was sorry noble lords on that side of the house had been led to suppose the objection to their being produced , rested upon their contents being of a private nature . There could now , however