of the Exchequer ; especially , after the line he tells you he means to adopt for the payment of these Commissioners ? For what , are they to be remunerated ? Not for their services , but for their cheats . Does he seriously mean to take a step beyond that which the Committee has pointed out , and which , I confess , I think one step too far ? Does he recollect a passage in the Report , in which the Committee say , that `` the `` magnitude of the charges on the vessels `` and cargoes sold , which manifests itself in `` the difference between the gross and the `` net proceeds , and in the excess of the `` charges above the whole proceeds in the `` case of many vessels , appears to demand attention '' ? Has he adverted to that passage , I say : and having adverted to that passage , ( which excites something more than suspicion in my mind , and must in that of the public , that there was fraud in the way of making up their accounts ) , can he venture to call upon the house to pass it by ? Will the house not take it into its consideration ? Will the house 316 allow him to fulfil his intention of leaving in the hands of the Commissioners a greater share of their ill-gotten spoil , than the Committee would have awarded them ? Is that possible ? Sir , I think not . I speak , with real confidence when I declare , that I do not think the Chancellor of the Exchequer will be able to persuade the house to adopt the mode of proceeding which he has suggested , and to come to a previous question upon all the Resolutions moved.—Sir , let the house recollect , that the real services performed by these Commissioners were very short . That for the last years they have been doing nothing ; and that , according to the confession of one of the present Secretaries to the Treasury , theirs has , latterly , been only a legal existence , for the purpose of prosecuting claims ; at least , ever since the year 1802 , when enquiry was made why the Board should not be broken up . Up to that time , palliative reasons may be stated for the non-interference of administration ; but from the moment it was known that the existence of such a Commission was only necessary for legal purposes , it is very surprizing that the number of Commissioners was not reduced to the lowest limit prescribed by the act of parliament , which was three , and the obvious saving to the public by such reduction would have been considerable.—I can not admit , on the part of the public , of those excuses to their full extent , which are made on behalf of the different administrations , which have succeeded to that under which this Commission was instituted . It is very well for an administration to say `` we were in office only for a very short time , and therefore you have no right to call us to account for not taking up the matter , which in the multiplicity of the business , thrown before us , which we had scarcely time to arrange , might escape our notice . '' On the part of my noble friend , and even of the present administration , ( if it was not for one particular circumstance , as it regards them ) , such excuse might be urged . But the present administration have amongst them , that very Secretary to the Treasury whose attention was called during his former official situation to this matter ; and which , upon his return to office , ought he not to have forgotten : and therefore they are without excuse . But are we to be defrauded with impunity , because the king has appointed a succession of ministers in virtue of his prerogative ? Sir , as a member of parliament