it was not worth while to make him liable to its operation . But now that it amounted to ten per cent . it appeared to us an object of importance , and that circumstance annihilated our pity . Fie thought such a change in our conduct would operate to our disadvantage , as a similar step did formerly against France . He did not think the foreigner who had placed his fortune in our funds , relying on the good faith of the country , ought to be forced to pay the income tax , or sell out at a great loss ; but he had no objection to the duty being imposed on all future purchases . thought foreigners , in depositing their money in our funds , consulted their own interest only , and therefore ought to be liable to the income tax spoke on the same side . in reply said : The hon . member on the same bench ( Mr. Baring ) having admitted ( and few are more conversant in business of this nature ) , that it is not to our advantage to grant these exemptions , and having expressed his belief , that should they be removed , it would not occasion any change of stockholders , has granted the impropriety of continuing them on the score of policy ; but the hon . member 's opposition to the present motion , and indeed the whole objections made by those members who have spoken on the subject , are grounded on the supposed injustice , and breach of faith to foreigners , in now withdrawing these exemptions . I had hoped that I had met objections of this nature in the terms of the motion , and that by giving timely notice of our intentions , we could not fairly be charged with injustice or illiberality . In truth we have never been bound to foreigners , any more than to British subjects , and if upon a plea of necessity , you have broke through the acts and provisions made in the reign of queen Anue , if you have violated all the acts from that time to the present day , which have uniformly provided for the payment of the dividends at the bank of England , without any deduction whatever , I would ask upon what principle of justice it is , that foreigners should be exempted from the effect of a financial resource , raised for the support of government , and the protection of that property in which they have voluntarily , and for their own convenience , become proprietors ; their property is protected , and they are bound in justice to contribute their share of the expence of that protection . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer seems indisposed to commit himself to any pledge on the subject , at this late period of the session , and as the subject is important , I am not desirous of pressing it to a decision now . I shall therefore beg leave to withdraw the present motion , intending again to bring it forward at an early period of the ensuing session . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for certain Papers relating to the attack on the Chesapeake , in addition to those already on the table . The Instructions given to Mr. Erskine on that subject he thought ought to be produced , as well as the communication he Bust necessarily have made to govern- 1024 ment , explaining the motives for his recent conduct ; for without them , no judgment could be formed of the degree in which he had violated his Instructions , or , indeed , of the general conduct of the American government . If the right hon . secretary , from information which he might possess , should state to the house , that the Instructions given to that gentleman could not be made public without detriment to the public service , he would not press his motion for the present ; but the communication from Mr. Erskine , in which he