was his intention at no very distant day to submit to that house the motion of which he had given notice previous to the Easter recess relative to the great question of Parliamentary Reform . moved for an Address to his majesty , praying for some Papers relative to the Mission of Mr. Rose to America . These Papers were necessary to the discussion of his motion , and he thought there could be no objection to their production , as they had been already laid before the other house . protested against the principle , that because papers had been laid before the other house of parliament , that therefore they were to be produced in their lordships ' house . He contended that there ought to be some intelligible rule on the subject . For instance , in order to elucidate any Bill on the table , or with a view to a discussion of any subject , the discussion of which had been previously acceded to by ministers , papers were readily granted . In this case , however , he was wholly inimical to the introduction of the discussion proposed by the noble earl in his intended motion ; protesting , as he did , against any attempt to take the negociation with America out of the hands of his majesty 's ministers . 258 He must , therefore , oppose the production of papers moved for with a view to that discusssion . expressed his astonishment at what had fallen from his noble friend , and contended that there were other cases besides those mentioned by his noble friend , in which , in conformity with the practice of the house , papers had been granted , and particularly for the purposes of inquiry and investigation . He thought in the present case , a mission having been sent to America which had failed , that there was no ground for refusing the papers asked for , with the view of explaining the circumstances attending that mission . urged the propriety of granting the papers , the mission of Mr. Rose having terminated , and because he had reason to believe that ministers were on that occasion disposed to sacrifice the most important rights of the country . If so , would it not be fitting to address his majesty , praying him to maintain those rights , and in that case , would it not be proper to have before the house information upon the subject ? moved for leave to bring in a bill for regulating the Trade with Martinique . expressed his surprize , that when a deviation so great from the general colonial system was proposed , none of his majesty 's ministers had thought proper to communicate to the house any reason for such deviation ; he considered the price of sugars would be equally affected , whether those from Martinique were admitted only for exportation or for home consumption also : the not allowing the inhabitants of that island the privileges of other British colonies , might create , disaffection , and was contrary to the spirit of the proclamation of our commanders . defended the measure , and contended , that the restrictions proposed on the Martinique trade would be beneficial to our own colonies , and was not aware that any proclamation had been issued , of which this regulation would be an infringement . He professed his readiness to discuss the measure on a future day , and only wished at present for leave to bring in the bill . remarked , that the proprietors of West India Estates had always shewn a great degree of tenacity to maintain a monopoly of the supply of the British Islands , and that it did not appear their produce would be much affected , whatever regulations might be adopted with respect to Martinique ; but as they entertained a prejudice on the one hand , and the inhabitants of Martinique on the other , it was the business of the house to legislate impartially between them . He felt it impossible not to lament the situation of our