No ; but I say that this country should , by the employment of its counsels and advice , together with the application of all its strength and means , place South America , in particular , in that state , in which it shall not be possible for France to make Joseph Buonaparté in reality , as he is already by assumed title , king of the Indies . I hope we are not so entangled by any of our engagements , as to Ferdinand VII , ( who , although the lawful monarch of Spain , is at present nothing more than a prisoner of Buonaparté , ) as to be prevented from availing ourselves of doing that which necessity might teach us we ought to do ; I mean , of supporting any disposition that may be evinced by the people of South America to set up a government of their own . If they choose to set up the government of Ferdinand the VIIth , be it so . This country should support them in following their own inclination , so far as is compatible with their interest and our security . But if we put off taking our steps till a distant day , when the power of 823 France becomes thoroughly established in Old Spain , she will find the means of drawing a part of South America along with it , under her dominion and controul.—I take the present opportunity of making this observation , as , before the next session of parliament commences , perhaps the time may actually be past , in which this country can take any steps at all upon the subject . Every one knows , that it is not in the power of gentlemen on this side of the house to have all that information that can enable us to form a correct opinion ; but I only suggest , for the consideration of ministers , previous to that period , what I conceive to be for the real interests of the country.— There is also another subject upon which I wish to hazard an opinion by way of suggestion to his majesty 's ministers . If France succeed in Spain and Portugal , what will lie the situation of those countries ? All those individuals who have resisted the power of France , must expect from her that treatment which she has never failed to deal out towards those in other countries that have resisted her . Whatever promises may be made to them in the moment of difficulty , France will never look upon them but with a jealous eye ; and will govern them with an overbearing hand , and it is therefore the interest of these individuals to unite with us in effecting whatever object may tend to the permanent interest of England ; for in doing so , they effect their own safely . If , therefore , we must quit those countries entirely , we should render their resources of as little avail as possible to the naval power of France . When that crisis occurs , we should have it concerted with the inhabitants of those countries , that they should agree with us to destroy their maritime power and ports as effectually as possible . France should be disabled from fitting out fleets from the ports of Lisbon , Cadiz , and Carthagena , against this country . If the inhabitants should lose , or yield those fleets and naval arsenals , they ought to know that they are yielding them to the enemy of their ally ; and that if they are sincerely our friends , they ought to surrender them to those who will and can manage them for their advantage . I desire not that this country should by this procedure and advice act the part of a pirate or of a treacherous ally : nor that we should forcibly destroy those ports I have mentioned . I mean no such thing . But I do mean , that the government should be upon its guard to use all possible means , 824 in a proper