could we expect that the assistance which we should be able to dole out , could do any good , or could even protract the contest . He would not therefore consent to impose burdens on his constituents , which great as their sacrifices might be , could not exceed a scanty pittance , which at best could only serve to protract the struggle four or five days . He thought independently of all those circumstances , he could not agree to grant the sums requited , as they were moved for . It would be establishing a most dangerous prece- 814 dent to pay bills which Austria without any authority had drawn on this country . Were he for giving the sum required for her assistance , he would never consent to vote it in that form . Whether Austria or France was in the right , he would not take upon himself to say , though , for the sake of argument , he was ready to admit , that the good faith in this instance was all against France : yet he would assert that from the period of the Revolution down to the rupture with Spain , France had almost always been attacked , and never the attacker . Every one must know , that France , immediately after the Revolution , was attacked by the coalesced powers of Europe . Their plan was to drive France within her ancient limits , and curtail her territories . The war of the first coalition enabled her , however , to extend her territories ; and was continued with the object of driving her again within her old limits . He did not say France was in the right . He had never said so . Yet he was not persuaded that Austria was not to blame . Her territory , even her capital had been restored to her ; and he could not find himself prepared to say that she was correct in forgetting these , supposing them only to be , nominal obligations . That France might have had it in view , at some convenient season , to swallow tip Austria , it was not in his power to deny , as ambition was a growing quality . He could not think , however , that the present was exactly the time he would choose for putting such a purpose into execution . It might be a moment convenient for Austria , but could hardly have been so selected by Buonaparté . Whatever the plans of Buonaparté might have been ; however connected with the future fate of Austria , the present war could not be thought to be one of his seeking . The presumption therefore was , that Austria , from the circumstances of the French armies being employed in Spain , thought it a good opportunity to commence hostilities . Under all the circumstances of the case , and upon these grounds , he was decidedly against granting money to Austria , but he did not oppose the grant to Spain and Portugal . At a time when the people of England were every where talking of the injustice of Buonaparté towards Spain ( which he did not defend ) , he was surprized at the national blindness to our own feelings and aggressions , recently manifested in the choice and approbation of our ambassador to that country . If there 815 were a man in the universe who in another part of the globe had acted as Buonaparté had done with respect to Spain , it was the marquis Wellesley . His conduct in the East Indies was perfectly similar to that of the French emperor . He knew many would scout these notions , and assert that what the marquis Wellesley did was from zeal for the public service . The people of Spain , if they knew any thing of the affairs of this country , must know what that noble lord had done in India ; but , then , all he did there proceeded from an ardent zeal for the public service , while Buonaparté , in