express as any law can be , but which the practice and decision of Committees has rendered doubtful . The practice of selling seats has become 1006 so common , that whatever may be the law , it has become a dead letter . If , in voting for this bill , I considered myself precluded from proceeding farther to make it complete , I should indeed be doing an injury to the country . I view it , Sir , as giving a greater facility in attaining the objects I want . I consider , as it has always been considered , that the first step towards reformation has always been found the most difficult ; and heartily shall I rejoice , if the house shall resolve upon taking this first step . Will any man who views this , divested of prejudice , contend , that with that preamble upon your statute book—with the recorded opinion of the legislature upon the subject of corrupt sale of seats—with an enactment decisive against the practice of it as far as money is concerned ; that it will be possible to continue the nefarious system , by bartering seats for office ? Sir , I will take upon myself to say it will be impossible , such practices must be so open to detection , that no one will be found fool-hardy enough to attempt it.—The hon . baronet 's ( sir F. Burdett ) opposition to the measure has been consistent . The alterations made in the bill can be of no consequence in his view of it ; for had it passed as it was brought in , it would equally have had his hostility . I rejoice he has given notice of his plan of reform ; the house will now be able to judge how far his ideas are practicable . I know , Sir , there are many loud in their calls for Reform , that dread nothing so much as this house making a temperate commencement towards it ; who view such a step as putting an end to all the visionary plans which are afloat . Reform is a word in which there is much magic , every one applies it as a remedy to all the evils he sees in the government and constitulion.—Sir , it is surprising , amongst the late Addresses and Resolutions for Reform , to observe those of a place of some note inveighing against the corruptions of this house , when it is a fact notoriously known , that for thirty years past , the worthy Electors of that place have had a fixed and settled price set upon their votes . What do these gentlemen mean ? what is it they demand ? Is it the liberty of putting themselves up to public sale ? Sir , I am not a friend to any plan that shall go to make such a change as might endanger the constitution.—The first Reform I wish to see , is the introducing purity amongst ourselves , in order that we may impress upon the people , that they , no more than 1007 us , shall be at liberty with impunity to abuse the elective franchise . When this shall be completed , then I should rejoice to see the elective franchise extended . Pass this law , Sir , and you will lay the foundation for salutary regulations , which must effect a reformation , both in and out of these walls.—If the bill passes , I shall feel pledged , if my health permits me , to proceed , and to endeavour to accomplish the object I had in view ; if it fails , I leave it to others more able.—Reluctantly I undertook this business , and I am ready to own , I did not fully comprehend the difficulties I had to encounter . Indeed , Sir , it was not my intention to have done more than proposed my plan to a Committee , and left it to them to have carried it into effect.—The hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) says , that