dated the 22d of November , and to that of sir John Moore , dated the 24th of November , and to the representations of both as to the absence of all support from the native armies , and the want of the reported spirit or enthusiasm on the part of the people . In his letter , sir John Moore said , that if the real strength of the Spanish army , or the real state of the country had been known , Cadiz , not Corunna , would have been the point selected for the landing of sir David , Baird 's corps ; and Seville , not Salamanca , the place at which the army ought to have been assembled . These documents shewed how hopeless the situation of af- 143 fairs in Spain was , how low the disposition of the people was at that period.—The letter from sir David Baird had been received here on the 3d of December ; that of sir John Moore on the 8th ; and it is in the recollection of your lordships , that these documents were in the possession of his majesty 's ministers , when , on the 16th of December , they thought proper to advise his majesty to issue that celebrated Proclamation which pledged his majesty to `` the universal Spanish nation ; '' which bound this country to a cause , which , according to every information , was at the time actually hopeless . I am ready to admit , that it would be the interest of this country , as it must be in its disposition , to maintain the cause of the independence of Spain , as long as there could be any reasonable expectation of success . But I can not but disapprove of this gratuitous pledge solemnly proclaimed to the world under such circumstances ; a pledge , which could not be of any service to Spain , and might be of considerable inconvenience to this country . This declaration is a point , upon which I think ministers are bound to give some explanation to parliament , as to the grounds upon which they thought proper to issue it , whilst they had such documents in their possession . But whilst general Hope was at Avila and sir David Baird at Astorga , the army of Castanos was defeated and dispersed , a part having retreated into Arragon , and another part proceeding south towards Andalusia . So that in three short weeks after he had commenced operations , Buonaparté completely succeeded in destroying the three armies upon which the British army was to depend for support . This was the result of the combination of the activity , foresight , and prudence of the enemy , as contrasted with the supineness , rashness , and arrogance of the councils of his majesty 's ministers . The means provided by Buonaparté for the accomplishment of his purposes are so well combined , and his objects so ably prosecuted , as generally to give him a moral certainty of success ; and whatever may be thought of his total disregard of the justice of those objects , it is impossible not to admire the ability and wisdom with which he combines the means of accomplishing them . A person high in office has , in another place , in adverting to this subject with a view to shew that fortune may be controlled by wise combinations and persevering spirit , applied to it the celebrated quotation , 144 `` Nullum numen abest si sit Prudentia , sed te `` Nos facimus , Fortuna , Deam , cœloque lo- '' camus . '' Buonaparté might unquestionably with the greatest justice apply this quotation to himself . He is said to be superstitious , to rely on his fortune , and to place confidence in his star ; but whatever may be his disposition or his feelings in these respects , he never neglects to provide all the means that possibly can contribute to ensure success . It is not with him as with his majesty 's ministers ; he never