case ; and surely the Legislature will not think of providing against impossible cases , and overlooking those which actually exist . But however fallacious the idea may be , of the British Planter deriving any advantage from the exclusion of the Martinique sugars from the home consumption of Great Britain , there are other parties , and parties too whose interests have strong claims to the attention of the Legislature , to whom this measure is pregnant with the most serious injury . I shall mention in the first place the Sugar Refiners of Great Britain . An Act was lately passed , permitting the exportation of refined sugar in a crushed state , so as to imitate the French clayed sugars ; and nearly two-thirds of the whole quantity of refined sugar exported during the last year has been of that description : but if the clayed sugars of Martinique are imported for exportation alone , they will supply the place of these crushed lumps on the Continent , and the British plantation sugars , from which they are now made , will necessarily be left a dead weight upon the home market . Now I can not really comprehend how the price of sugar would be more depressed , by bring these clayed sugars info the home market , than by leaving those raw sugars upon the market , which are now manufactured in imitation of them , and exported . The clayed sugars of Martinique are peculiarly calculated for making a certain description of refined sugar , known by the name of Hambro ' loaves ; which circulate all over the Continent with the greater facility in the present state of things , from being made in such moulds as are used at Hambro , ' and it being therefore impossible to distinguish them from the goods of the Foreign Refiners . If then we send away the Martinique clayed sugars , we send away this branch of the manufacture also , from the British Refiners , to the Foreign Refiners . The three principal descriptions of refined sugar now exported , are the crushed lumps , the Harnbro ' loaves , and the double refined loaves ; the two former being four-fifths of the whole quantity . If we export all the Martinique clayed sugars , they will supersede the demand for the crushed lumps , as foreigners will prefer the originals to the copies ; and they will also supersede the demand for the Hambro ' loaves , as we shall give the Foreign Refiners the exclusive right of using the choicest and best materials from which they can be manufactured . Thus the export trade of the British Sugar Refiner , will be reduced to one-fifth of its actual amount , by the operation of this Bill ; and nearly one-third of the refineries at present at work in this metropolis , will be thrown out of employment . It may here be proper to say a few words on the value and importance of the sugar refinery to this country . The buildings and utensils employed in that manufactory occupy a capital of about two millions of money ; exclusive of a much larger capital necessary for carrying it on . The annual expenditure of the Sugar Refiners amounts to about one million , and perhaps scarcely any million of money is expended by any set of men , in a manner so beneficial to this country ; it being principally expended in giving value to the produce of our mines—coals , lead , iron , and copper ; and in furnishing employment to a great number of artificers , manufactures , and workmen , of various descriptions . Some idea may be formed of the employment furnished to the potteries by the Refiners , when I state that 80,000 pots and moulds may be found in a single sugar house in this metropolis ; and that a very large proportion of the whole quantity in use is annually consumed by breakage . This manufactory possesses an advantage of which few can boast ; that both the raw material it works up