4 . Having stated the circumstances , he observed , `` If at that time it was held the undoubted right of the court of King 's Bench to commit to any gaol it thought proper , because all were his majesty 's prisons , there would hardly have existed any thought of an investigation what particular prisons those persons should be sent to ! What I am now about to state is extremely strong ; it respects the consideration whether the sheriffs of England be officers of that court . '' In illustration of this , he referred to a case occurring in the 21st of Edward 4 , the appeal against Winkfield , as reported by Brooke , in which it was held that the sheriff of Middlesex was not the immediate officer of the court , except for things done in that county . `` This latitude of discretion in the Court of King 's Bench was doubted ; but it appears that it could not legally exercise such a power , because the sheriff is not the officer of the court , except for things done in his county.—If this be so , in what possible way can the sheriffs of Dorset or Gloucester be held as officers of the court , or have persons committed in the way before us , legally transmitted to their charge ? This quotation from Brooke is given not only as he found it to be decided , but with his observations and additional remarks . Having stated 586 these cases from rather remote periods of our history , I come to one of comparatively modern date , and which bears materially upon the subject . In the 34th of Elizabeth , complaints had been made that the Star-Chamber and privy-council had acted in a most arbitrary manner , especially with respect to the imprisonment of individuals , some of whom were sent to distant gaols . Writs of Habeas-Corpus were issued in consequence , and the persons were liberated . Disputes arising between the courts and the Star-Chamber , a reference was made to the twelve judges , who delivered their opinions in writing , upon the points referred to them , in which statements it was observed that some of the persons so delivered had been committed to prisons in secret places ! It was acknowledged by those judges , that individuals were confined in secret prisons , and not in ordinary places . Every prison at a distance may be regarded as a secret prison , at least from the families of the unhappy persons so immured , and this emphatically is the case of the plaintiffs confined in the gaols of Dorchester and Gloucester ! '' Having described the functions and powers of the court of Star-Chamber as regulated by the act of Henry the 7th , the learned counsel proceeded . `` But in what way , my lords , was this court authorized to punish ? Not according to any new fangled discretion of its own—it was restricted to the pronouncing of such judgments as were warranted by the common law of the realm . Afterward , when the abolition of this tribunal took place , 'all that was good and salutary of the jurisdiction of the court of Star-Chamber , ' in the language of Mr. Justice Blackstone , 'reverted to the court of King 's Bench , ' but no farther was it vested with those powers of imprisonment , so stigmatized in the court of Star-Chamber . I shall now proceed to the reign of Charles the First , which furnishes uswith some memorable cases , upon which I shall beg leave to trouble your lord-ships : I mean those of Mr. Prynne , Mr. Burton , and Dr. Bastwick . The sentence which was passed upon them by the court of Star-Chamber , took place in the year 1637—they were doomed to stand in the pillory , sentenced to a considerable fine , and to be committed to chose custody to the gaols of Launceston , Lancaster , and Caernarvon ; they were sentenced to stand in the pillory in