states that it will be next January 81,000,000l . The debt has thus increased at the rate of 15 to 4 , while the revenue has only increased in the proportion of 15 to 8½ . If the debt of Ireland were raised as the debt of England , within the country , I really think that a great part of that debt would be done away . answered , that he had the satisfaction to state , that the regulations of the Duke of Bedford had been actually followed up . There never was a period when there was so little money left in the hands of the Collectors of Excise for contingencies ; and the papers on the table would shew it . As to the post-office accounts , they had never been settled since 682 they were established ; and as to the expence of the stationary and printing alluded to , it was occasioned by the division of the two boards , by which a completely new collection of books became necessary . It was natural to suppose it should increase as there were 14 commissioners instead of seven . The new arrangement , as to the post-office , must have also occasioned considerable additions to the incidental expences , but the public would soon be able to reap the benefit of them . observed , that when it was said , that the net addition to the revenue by the post-office , was 68,000l . he found that the postage of one board amounted to 13,000l . and if each board increased their expences hi alike proportion , that expence would amount to 39,000l . leaving 29,000l . to be received by the public . He could not help thinking , that the great principle of the revenue of Ireland was overlooked in the desire of extensive patronage , by the appointment of officers , so as to deprive the Irish Treasury-board of its power , and placing it in the hands of the Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant . He was satisfied that until an alteration in this particular took place , and the Treasury Board of Ireland took an efficient part , or be abolished altogether , and these matters of revenue be put under the Treasury of this country altogether , the abuses would never be remedied . said , that he proposed to make several amendments to it . Where an inhabitant of a parish informed against a private still , he meant to afford the parish an opportunity of being relieved of the fine , by the parishioner giving the information consenting to acquit the parish of any claim to it . He would still , however , continue the clause for making the fine on the parish 100l . for the second offence . As to small stills he thought unlicenced distilleries could only be put down by the establishment of them ; and , to encourage them , he proposed that a part of each fine should be given to the owner of them , instead of going to the informers . He would not give up the bounties on large stills , as they were of great service to the agriculture of the country . The illicit trade may easily be put down by the exertions of the country 683 gentlemen ; and if they did not assist in putting it down , it would be necessary for him to propose new modes of obtaining revenue , which would bear extremely hard upon the people of Ireland ; it therefore was absolutely necessary to put down this trade , to save the country from taxes of a more general and pressing nature than any which now existed . said , he would confine what he had to say to an amendment , which he should now propose , for doing away the bounties of 16 and 8 per cent . on large stills of 1500 and 1000 gallons content . When the right hon . gent . tells the country gentleman of Ireland , that the existence of illicit trade is the consequence of a want of