cultivated for a great length of time , there is no very great hardship in occupiers paying tithes ; and for this reason in particular it is very desirable , that such a measure as I now propose should be adopted . Such a measure will also contribute to remove some of the objections which are commonly urged against tithes , as a way of levying money from the people . According to the present system , the sum which each person is bound to pay is not certain , but arbitrary : the time of payment , the manner of payment , the quantity to be paid , are none of them clear or plain to the contributor , or to any other person ; whereas it is an established maxim of taxation , that the tax which each individual is bound to pay ought to be certain , and not arbitrary ; and the time of payment , the manner of payment , the quantity to be paid , ought all to be clear and plain to the contributor , and to every other person.— '' Where it is otherwise , ( Dr. Smith very truly observes , ) every person subject to the tax is put more or less in the power of the tax-gatherer , who can either aggravate the tax upon any obnoxious contributor , or extort , by the terror of such aggravation , some present or perquisite to himself . The uncertainty of taxation encourages the insolence and favours the corruption of an order of men who are naturally unpopular , even where they are neither insolent or corrupt . The certainty of what each individual ought to pay is , in 630 taxation , a matter of so great importance , that a very considerable degree of inequality , it appears , I believe , from the experience of all nations , is not near so great an evil , as a very small degree of uncertainty . '' Now , Sir , if the parishioner shall be able to make a contract with his clergyman for his tithes for a certain number of years , at a certain fixed annual sum , tithes , instead of being a tax subject to all these objections , will be one subject to none of them , and therefore the bill giving such a power will greatly contribute to amend the present system of tithes.—In the next place , as the occupier of land in Ireland suffers principally under the present system , from the manner in which the collection of tithes takes place , this measure will be productive of very beneficial consequences , inasmuch as it will contribute to alter this mode of collection . But , before I proceed to shew in what degree the people of Ireland are now aggrieved by this mode of collecting of tithes , it is necessary for me to state to the house , that the mass of the people of Ireland are circumstanced in respect to tithes differently from the people of any other country . The wealth of Ireland has not yet made that progress as to produce that first symptom of extensive improvement in a country , the division of labour to such a degree of perfection as to establish a distinct class of people , who live by the wages of their daily labour , and provide their subsistence by expending their wages in purchasing of it . The consequence is , that every poor Irishman is under the necessity of obtaining a piece of land , from which he may procure the means of feeding himself and his family . In Ireland , therefore , the whole mass of the common people are landholders , and accordingly chargeable with tithes . From this state of things two consequences flow , which give rise to all the grievances which belong to the collection of them . The first , that if the clergyman being unable in his own person to collect his own tithes , and , therefore being obliged to employ Proctors , or to let them to Tithe Farmers