, he was ready to vouch for the zeal and ability of Mr. Frere , and was convinced his intentions were good , but he had said on a former occasion , and was now of opinion , as were also his colleagues , that Mr. Frere had , so far as related to the circumstance mentioned respecting sir John Moore , adopted an improper mode of carrying his intentions into effect . Whilst upon his legs , he wished to set himself right with respect to a misrepresentation that had gone abroad , of what he had said on Friday respecting the amount of British cavalry in Portugal , on the 22d of August , during the negociation of the Armistice . He was stated to have said , that the number of our cavalry on that day in Portugal exceeded that of the French , whereas what he meant to state was , that it was known to sir Harry Burrard , that a considerable reinforcement of cavalry was on its passage . It had in point of fact arrived at that time in Mondego Bay , but that could not be known at the period of the negociation , the knowledge , however , of its being on its way thither ought to have had great influence in the negociation . called the attention 174 of their lordships to the circumstance of several horses being killed during the retreat in Spain , in consequence of there being no shoes for them . stated , that a misrepresentation had gone abroad of what he had said respecting general Anstruther , who , he was stated to have said , had died for want of nourishment . On the contrary , that officer experienced every possible attention from his staff , and from those around him . Whilst Upon this subject , however , he wished to throw out for their lordships ' consideration the propriety of relaxing a little the strictness of their orders , as the best way of preventing misrepresentation . presented a Petition from Mr. Henry White , Proprietor of a Sunday Newspaper , called `` The Independent Whig , '' a Prisoner in Dorchester gaol , for a libel . The Petition , he observed , complained of grievances sustained in the course of the trial and afterwards in the gaol . The Petition was brought up and read by the clerk as follows : `` The Petition of Henry White , citizen and stationer ; Sheweth , That your Petitioner is the sole proprietor of the Independent Whig newspaper , which , from its first commencement , has been , and still is , printed at No . 23 , in Warwick-square , within the said city of London : and that your Petitioner is now a prisoner in the county gaol of the county of Dorset , in pursuance of the Sentence of the Court of Pleas , held before the king himself at Westminster , ( usually called , the court of King 's Bench ) which sentence was pronounced at Westminster , a place not within the said city of London , contrary to the rights and privileges of the citizens of the said city . `` Your Petitioner published in his said newspaper in Warwick-square , within the laid city , in the months of December , 1807 , and January , 1808 , certain Letters , signed `` T. C. '' `` Humanitas , '' `` A Sea- `` man , '' and `` Junius , '' for which publications criminal informations were filed , ex officio , against your Petitioner by the king 's attorney-general , in Hilary term , 1808 , at Westminster , a place without the said city of London , although a Grand Jury of the citizens of the said city was sitting at the very time within the said city ; in which informations , it was alledged that the above named publications were scandalous and malicious libels , though the said publications were not alledged to be in any particular false or untrue . Now it is not only the privilege