cause might have been his own disinclination ; perhaps his immense fortune might have exempted him from its cares ; or perhaps he had never been importuned upon the subject . Certainly he ( Mr. Tierney ) had been in office , for he had not such a fortune as could support him as independently out of it , as the hon . baronet , and he might perhaps , be compelled to live upon bread and onions , when the worthy baronet was faring sumptuously . ( A laugh . ) As to his tavern harangues , they might go on for him as long as the worthy baronet chose ; and he was welcome to attack whatever political changes or tergiversations he chose in his conduct—let him spout away—if the people believed it , well and good—if not , why then the worthy baronet would enjoy the applauses of his speech , and he ( Mr. T. ) would have the satisfaction to think no one believed a syllable of it . ( Hear , hear ! ) Let him mount the table , and cry , `` They are all rogues and rascals , I am the man for you , the honestman ! We must lay the axe to the root . We must have a radical reform '' —and then there would be a general huzza , and the worthy baronet might retire , covered with glory and highly delighted at his popularity ! ( Hear , hear ! ) One hon . gent . of the worthy baronet 's friends ( Mr. Wardle ) had made a great discovery , it appeared ; he was to demolish the Income Tax ! ( a laugh . ) Now , he liked this well ; indeed he never was so pleased in his life as when he first heard of the 776 discovery . It was the pleasantest way of laying the axe to the root he had ever imagined . ( Hear , hear ! ) He was sure it would gratify the Chancellor of the Exchequer wonderfully to be able to strike off eleven million and a half of taxes . Now , he had at last found out the reason why the hon . gent , and the Chancellor of the Exchequer were perpetually complimenting each other . No doubt they were pulling together all this time . Indeed , if the plan was , realized , it would be exceedingly diverting ; but if it was only a fallacious assertion , held out for the wicked purpose of exciting discontent , it was one of the vilest and most execrable insinuations . He now called upon that hon . gent . to produce his plan , or stand convicted in the face of the world . As to the worthy baronet , he also called upon him solemnly to state the truth or falsity of the expressions with which he charged him . He might be superior to him in point of talent or ability ; but superior he could not be in political integrity ; and he boldly challenged him to a comparison of their lives , that their deeds might speak their deserts , and vile calumniators become silent . said , that he had not used the particular expression to which Mr. Tierney had alluded ; that he could not answer for the correctness of the reporter , and that , for any expression which he really did use , he would be personally responsible . denied having ever said that he had a plan to liquidate the Income Tax ; he had said that he had plans of economy by which many millions of the public money might , be saved ; and these he was ready and willing to produce . spoke shortly in favour of the motion . also supported the motion , and pledged himself to join the advocates for a parliamentary reform , whenever it should be brought forward . was disposed to allow the bill to go into the committee , because the many objections that applied to it in its present shape