If he had been the son of an Abercrombie or a Moore , he 671 ( colonel Shipley ) should have thought his promotion too rapid . The country had observed with indignation , that the person thus prematurely preferred was the son of a cabinet minister , who ought to have advised that nothing but meritorious services , and gallant exploits of the most eminent kind , should have entitled him to such extraordinary promotion , nor could any thing less than these have justified his majesty 's ministers in countenancing such a measure . In what he now brought forward , he meant nothing personal to the noble lord ; but he thought , in times like the present , the service of the army required the protection of that house , when they saw his majesty 's ministers so ready to countenance the breaking through regulations so essential to its welfare , and made expressly for the support of it . He had heard it reported , that this extraordinary promotion had been made in consequence of the promise of a high personage to the father of the noble lord ; but the crown could do nothing without the knowledge and approbation of its ministers ; and it would be much better such regulations had never been established , than suffered to delude the officers of the army by a shew of impartiality which was not intended to be adhered to in every instance . He ( colonel Shipley ) was one of those who voted against the duke of York , but he would be much more inclined to give his sanction to one who might be seduced by his regard for a woman into certain irregularities , but who would inflexibly adhere to the regulations of the army , than a Commander in Chief , who , whatever might be his individual merits as an officer , would submit to the Regulations made under his own advice and sanction being broken through , almost as soon as they had been issued and promulgated . Under these circumstances , he felt it his duty to move , `` That there be laid before this house , a Copy of a Regulation of his royal highness the duke of York , relative to the length of time each officer in the army must serve before he can obtain the rank of a Field Officer ; also , a Copy of a Regulation to the same effect issued by the present Commander in Chief ; also , a Copy of the dates of the different Commissions of lieutenant-colonel lord Burghersh , specifying whether they were obtained with or without purchase . '' said , he believed the hon . officer who brought forward this motion , would not have been induced to call 672 for this information , if he was acquainted with all the circumstances of the case . He believed there was no principle the house would more readily recognize than that they should not interfere with the disposal of the improvement of the army . Nothing could be more wrong . Of all those prerogatives which the king possessed , there were none more universally allowed or less doubted of , than his power to confer commissions in the army and navy , create peerages , make peace and war , & c. The king might put himself at the head of his army , and it would then be in his power to exercise his discretion in promoting what officers he pleased , and nothing but some instances of something extremely corrupt would justify the house of commons in interfering so as to narrow this branch of the prerogative . The hon . officer had , in the present question , taken much too close a ground as to this part of the prerogative . The Commander in Chief laid down regulations ; but his majesty had a right to alter them . It never had been , or could be understood that his majesty had not a right to depart from that rule when he thought proper . There had not long since